

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-13-282371
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20130526
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130703
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130703
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GENERAL MILLS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000040704
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GRAIN MILL PRODUCTS [2040]
		IRS NUMBER:				410274440
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-01185
		FILM NUMBER:		13952328
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		NUMBER ONE GENERAL MILLS BLVD
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55426
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(763) 764-7600
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 1113
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55440














 D.C. 20549





FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED May&nbsp;26
 2013 




 TO


GENERAL MILLS



























Minneapolis
 Minnesota








Securities
registered pursuant to Section&nbsp;12(b) of the Act: 











Common Stock
 $.10 par value



Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer


not required to file reports pursuant to Section&nbsp;13 or Section&nbsp;15(d) of the Act. Yes 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&nbsp;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes
Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period


 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#146;s knowledge
 in


 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &#147;large accelerated
filer
&#148; &#147;accelerated filer&#148; and &#147;smaller reporting company&#148; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 



























by non-affiliates of the registrant
 based on the closing price of $40.77 per share as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on November&nbsp;23
 2012 (the last business day of the registrant&#146;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter):
$26
Number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of June&nbsp;14
 2013: 640
860
417 (excluding 113
752
911 shares held in





 




















































































































Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities











































































































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance



































Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence



































Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules 

















 



 




COMPANY OVERVIEW
General Mills
 Inc. is a leading global manufacturer and marketer of branded consumer foods sold through retail stores. We are also a
leading supplier of branded and unbranded food products to the foodservice and commercial baking industries. We manufacture our products in 16 countries and market them in more than 100 countries. Our joint ventures manufacture and market products
General Mills
 Inc. was incorporated in Delaware in 1928. The terms &#147;General
Mills
&#148; &#147;Company
&#148; &#147;registrant
&#148; &#147;we
&#148; &#147;us
&#148; and &#147;our&#148; mean General Mills
 Inc. and all subsidiaries included in the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this report unless the
context indicates otherwise. 
Our product
categories in the United States include ready-to-eat cereals
 refrigerated yogurt
 ready-to-serve soup
 dry dinners
 shelf stable and frozen vegetables
 refrigerated and frozen dough products
 dessert and baking mixes
 frozen pizza and pizza snacks
grain
 fruit and savory snacks
 and a wide variety of organic products including granola bars
 cereal
In Canada
 our product
categories include ready-to-eat cereals
 shelf stable and frozen vegetables
 dry dinners
 refrigerated and frozen dough products
 dessert and baking mixes
 frozen pizza snacks
 refrigerated yogurt
 and grain and fruit snacks. 
In markets outside of the United States and Canada
 our product categories include super-premium ice cream and frozen desserts
 refrigerated yogurt
snacks
 shelf stable and frozen vegetables
 refrigerated and frozen dough products
 and dry dinners. In addition
 we sell ready-to-eat cereals through our Cereal Partners Worldwide (CPW) joint venture. 
For net sales contributed by each class of similar products
 see Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this report.
Our
in this report. Some of the important trademarks


 


 

 
 




Crisp


 
 and 

 




 
 
 

 
 and 

character
 




Scrambles


 and 
 









 

 

 
 
 
 
 
 and 
Progresso


 
Shelf stable and frozen
vegetable products 



Simply Steam
Grain
 fruit
 and savory snacks 





 
 


 
 
 




 




 

 and 
Cascadian Farm


 we
register our trademarks with the Patent and Trademark Office in the United States
 and we file similar registrations in foreign jurisdictions. Trademark registrations in the United States are generally for a term of 10 years
 renewable every 10
Some of our products are marketed under or in combination with
trademarks that have been licensed from others
 including: 





 
 
for yogurt;















as an endorsement for yogurt
 soup
 and frozen vegetable products; 














for refrigerated dough
 frozen pastries
 and baking products; 









a variety of brands and characters for fruit snacks
 including 




and Jerry
 

 
 
 and various Warner Bros. and Nickelodeon characters. 
 



We license all of our cereal trademarks to CPW
 our joint venture with Nestl&eacute; S.A. (Nestl&eacute;).
Nestl&eacute; similarly licenses certain of its trademarks to CPW
trademark and have the right to use the trademark outside of the United
trademark in the United States and Canada on ice cream and other frozen dessert products. We also license this trademark to our
H&auml;agen-Dazs Japan
character in the dessert mix and baking mix categories in the
 and related
Given
our focus on developing and marketing innovative
 proprietary products
 we consider the collective rights under our various patents
 which expire from time to time
 a valuable asset
 but we do not believe that our businesses are materially dependent
upon any single patent or group of related patents. 
The principal raw materials that we use are grains (wheat
 oats
 and corn)
 sugar
 dairy products
 vegetables
 fruits
 meats
 vegetable oils
 and other
agricultural products. We also use substantial quantities of carton board
 corrugated
 plastic and metal packaging materials
 operating supplies
 and energy. Most of these inputs for our domestic and Canadian operations are purchased from suppliers
in the United States. In our international operations
 inputs that are not locally available in adequate supply may be imported from other countries. The cost of these inputs may fluctuate widely due to external conditions such as weather
 product
scarcity
 limited sources of supply
 commodity market fluctuations
 currency fluctuations
 and changes in governmental agricultural and energy policies and regulations. We have some long-term fixed price contracts
 but the majority of our inputs are
purchased on the open market. We believe that we will be able to obtain an adequate supply of needed inputs. Occasionally and where possible
 we make advance purchases of items significant to our business in order to ensure continuity of operations.
Our objective is to procure materials meeting both our quality standards and our production needs at price levels that allow a targeted profit margin. Since these inputs generally represent the largest variable cost in manufacturing our products
 to
the extent possible
 we often manage the risk associated with adverse price movements for some inputs using a variety of risk management strategies. We also have a grain merchandising operation that provides us efficient access to
 and more informed
knowledge of
 various commodity markets
 principally wheat and oats. This operation holds physical inventories that are carried at fair market value and uses derivatives to manage its net inventory position and minimize its market exposures.

Our principal research and development facilities are located in Minneapolis
 Minnesota. Our research and development resources are focused on new
product development
 product improvement
 process design and improvement
 packaging
 and exploratory research in new business and technology areas. Research and development expenditures were $238 million in fiscal 2013
 $245 million in fiscal 2012


Condition and Results of Operations (MD&amp;A) in Item&nbsp;7 of this report for a description of our segments. For financial information by segment and geographic area
 see Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this
report. 
 





 we participate in two joint ventures. We have a 50 percent equity interest in CPW
 which manufactures and markets ready-to-eat cereal products in more than 130
countries and republics outside the United States and Canada. CPW also markets cereal bars in several European countries and manufactures private label cereals for customers in the United Kingdom. We also have a 50 percent equity interest in HDJ
which manufactures
 distributes
 and markets 
Our primary customers are grocery stores
 mass merchandisers
 membership stores
 natural food chains
 drug
 dollar and discount chains
 commercial and
noncommercial foodservice distributors and operators
 restaurants
 and convenience stores. We generally sell to these customers through our direct sales force. We use broker and distribution arrangements for certain products or to serve certain
During fiscal 2013
 Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. and its affiliates (Wal-Mart) accounted for 21 percent of our consolidated net
sales and 31 percent of our net sales in the U.S. Retail segment. No other customer accounted for 10&nbsp;percent or more of our consolidated net sales. Wal-Mart also represented 6 percent of our net sales in the International segment and 7 percent
of our net sales in the Bakeries and Foodservice segment. As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 Wal-Mart accounted for 28 percent of our U.S. Retail receivables
 5 percent of our International receivables
 and 7 percent of our Bakeries and Foodservice
receivables. The five largest customers in our U.S. Retail segment accounted for 54 percent of its fiscal 2013 net sales
 the five largest customers in our International segment accounted for 24 percent of its fiscal 2013 net sales
 and the five
For further information on
our customer credit and product return practices please refer to Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this report. 
The consumer foods
industry is highly competitive
 with numerous manufacturers of varying sizes in the United States and throughout the world. The food categories in which we participate are also very competitive. Our principal competitors in these categories all have
substantial financial
 marketing
 and other resources. Competition in our product categories is based on product innovation
 product quality
 price
 brand recognition and loyalty
 effectiveness of marketing
 promotional activity
 and the ability to
identify and satisfy consumer preferences. Our principal strategies for competing in each of our segments include effective customer relationships
 superior product quality
 innovative advertising
 product promotion
 product innovation
 an efficient
supply chain
 and price. In most product categories
 we compete not only with other widely advertised
 branded products
 but also with generic and private label products that are generally sold at lower prices. Internationally
 we compete with both
multi-national and local manufacturers
 and each country includes a unique group of competitors. 
In general
 demand for our products is evenly balanced throughout the year. However
 within our U.S. Retail segment demand for refrigerated dough
 frozen
baked goods
canned and frozen vegetables is higher during the fall and winter months. Internationally
 demand for
ice cream is higher during the summer months and demand for baking mix and dough products increases during winter months. Due to the offsetting impact of these demand trends
 as well as the different seasons in the northern
and southern hemispheres
 our International segment net sales are generally evenly balanced throughout the year. 
Orders are generally filled within a few days of receipt and are subject to cancellation at any time prior to shipment. The backlog of any unfilled
orders as of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 was not material. 
 







 2013
 we had approximately 41
FOOD
The manufacture and sale of consumer food products is highly regulated. In the United States
 our
activities are subject to regulation by various federal government agencies
 including the Food and Drug Administration
 Department of Agriculture
 Federal Trade Commission
 Department of Commerce
 and Environmental Protection Agency
 as well as
ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS
As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 we were involved with three active cleanup sites associated with the alleged or threatened release of hazardous
substances or wastes located in: Sauget
 Illinois; Minneapolis
 Minnesota; and Moonachie
 New Jersey. These matters involve several different actions
 including administrative proceedings commenced by regulatory agencies and demand letters by
We recognize that our potential exposure with respect to any of these sites may be joint and
several
 but have concluded that our probable aggregate exposure is not material to our consolidated financial position or cash flows from operations. This conclusion is based upon
 among other things: our payments and accruals with respect to each
site; the number
 ranking and financial strength of other potentially responsible parties; the status of the proceedings
 including various settlement agreements
 consent decrees
 or court orders; allocations of volumetric waste contributions and
allocations of relative responsibility among potentially responsible parties developed by regulatory agencies and by private parties; remediation cost estimates prepared by governmental authorities or private technical consultants; and our
Our operations are subject to the Clean Air Act
Clean Water Act
 Resource Conservation and Recovery Act
 Comprehensive Environmental Response
 Compensation
 and Liability Act
 and the Federal Insecticide
 Fungicide
 and Rodenticide Act
 and all similar state
 local
 and foreign environmental laws
Based on current facts and circumstances
 we believe that neither the
results of our environmental proceedings nor our compliance in general with environmental laws or regulations will have a material adverse effect upon our capital expenditures
 earnings
 or competitive position. 
The section below
provides information regarding our executive officers as of July&nbsp;3
 2013: 
 
 is Executive Vice
President
 Global Strategy
 Growth and Marketing Innovation. Mr.&nbsp;Belton joined General Mills in 1983 and has held various positions
 including President of Snacks from 1994 to 1997
 New Ventures from 1997 to 1999
 and Big G cereals from 1999 to
2002. He had oversight responsibility for Yoplait
 General Mills Canada
 and New Business Development from 2002 to 2005
 and has had oversight responsibility for Growth and Marketing Innovation since 2005 and Global Strategy since September 2010.
Mr.&nbsp;Belton was elected a Vice President of General Mills in 1991
 a Senior Vice President in 1994
 and an Executive Vice President in 2006. He is a director of U.S. Bancorp. 
 



 
 
 is Executive Vice President
 Supply Chain. Mr.&nbsp;Church
joined General Mills in 1988 as a Product Developer in the Big G cereals division and held various positions before becoming Vice President
 Engineering in 2003. In 2005
 his role was expanded to include development of the company&#146;s strategy
for the global sourcing of raw materials and manufacturing capabilities. He was named Vice President
 Supply Chain Operations in 2007
 Senior Vice President
 Supply Chain in 2008
 and to his present position in July 2013. 

 
 is Senior Vice President
 Global Human Resources. Mr.&nbsp;Davis joined General Mills in 1996 as Vice
President
 Compensation and Benefits
 after spending 15 years in consulting with Towers Perrin. In 2002
 his role was expanded to include staffing activities
 and in 2005
 he became Vice President
 Human Resources for the U.S. Retail and Corporate
groups. He was named to his current position in 2008. 
 
 is Executive Vice President
Innovation
 Technology and Quality. Mr.&nbsp;Erickson joined General Mills in 1994 as part of the Colombo yogurt acquisition. He has held various positions in Research&nbsp;&amp; Development and became Vice President
 Innovation
 Technology and
Quality in 2003 and Senior Vice President
 Innovation
 Technology and Quality in 2006. He was named to his present position in July 2013. 

 
 is Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
 U.S. Retail. Mr.&nbsp;Friendly joined General
Mills in 1983 and held various positions before becoming Vice President of CPW in 1994
 President of Yoplait in 1998
 Senior Vice President of General Mills in 2000
 and President of the Big G cereals division in 2002. In 2004
 he was named Chief
Executive Officer of CPW. Mr.&nbsp;Friendly was named to his present position in 2006. He is a director of The Valspar Corporation. 

 
 is Executive Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer. Mr.&nbsp;Mulligan joined General Mills in 2001 from
The Pillsbury Company. He served as Vice President
 Financial Operations for our International division until 2004
 when he was named Vice President
 Financial Operations for Operations and Technology. Mr.&nbsp;Mulligan was appointed Treasurer of
General Mills in 2006
 Senior Vice President
 Financial Operations in July 2007
 and was elected to his present position in August 2007. From 1987 to 1998
 he held several international positions at PepsiCo
 Inc. and YUM! Brands
 Inc.
Mr.&nbsp;Mulligan is a director of Tennant Company. 
 age 50
 is Senior Vice President
 External Relations
and President of the General Mills Foundation. Ms.&nbsp;Nelson joined General Mills in 1988 and has held marketing leadership roles in the Big G
 Snacks and Meals divisions. She was elected Vice President
 President
 Snacks in 2004
 Senior Vice
President
 President
 Snacks in 2008
 and Senior Vice President



 is Senior Vice President
 President
 Sales&nbsp;&amp; Channel Development. Mr.&nbsp;O&#146;Grady joined General Mills in 1990 and held several marketing
roles in the Snacks
 Meals and Big G cereal divisions. He was promoted to Vice President in 1998 and held marketing positions in the Betty Crocker and Pillsbury USA divisions. In 2004
 he moved into Consumer Foods Sales
 becoming Vice President
President
 U.S. Retail Sales in 2007
 and Senior Vice President
 President


 
 is Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
 International. Mr.&nbsp;O&#146;Leary joined General Mills in 1997 as Vice President
Corporate Growth. He was elected a Senior Vice President in 1999 and President of the Meals division in 2001. Mr.&nbsp;O&#146;Leary was named to his present position in 2006. Prior to joining General Mills
 he spent 17 years at PepsiCo
 Inc.
 last
serving as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Hostess Frito-Lay business in Canada. Mr.&nbsp;O&#146;Leary is a director of Telephone and Data Systems


 
 is Executive Vice President
 General Counsel
 Chief Compliance and Risk Management Officer
 and Secretary. Mr.&nbsp;Palmore joined General Mills in this
position in 2008 from the Sara Lee Corporation
 a consumer foods and products company. He spent 12 years at Sara Lee
 last serving as Executive Vice President and General Counsel since 2004. Mr.&nbsp;Palmore is a director of CBOE Holdings
 Inc. and
The Goodyear Tire&nbsp;&amp; Rubber Company. 
 



 
 
 is Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of
General Mills. Mr.&nbsp;Powell joined General Mills in 1979 and served in a variety of positions before becoming a Vice President in 1990. He became President of Yoplait in 1996
 President of the Big G cereal division in 1997
 and Senior Vice
President of General Mills in 1998. From 1999 to 2004
 he served as Chief Executive Officer of CPW. He returned from CPW in 2004 and was elected Executive Vice President. Mr.&nbsp;Powell was elected President and Chief Operating Officer of General
Mills with overall global operating responsibility for the company in 2006
 Chief Executive Officer in 2007
 and Chairman of the Board in 2008. He is a director of Medtronic


 
 is Vice President
 Controller. Mr.&nbsp;Young joined General Mills in 1992 and held several finance roles within the Pillsbury division before he was
appointed Vice President of Finance for the Bakeries and Foodservice Division in 2000. Mr.&nbsp;Young was subsequently appointed Vice President Internal Audit in 2005 and Vice President
 Supply Chain in 2008. He was named to his present position in
August 2011. 
We make available
 free of charge in the &#147;Investors&#148; portion of this website
 annual reports on
Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K
 and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (1934 Act) as soon as reasonably practicable
after we electronically file such material with
 or furnish it to
 the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Reports of beneficial ownership filed pursuant to Section&nbsp;16(a) of the 1934 Act are also available on our website. 




Our business is subject to
various risks and uncertainties. Any of the risks described below could materially adversely affect our business
 financial condition


 and if we are not able to compete effectively
 our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
The food categories in which we participate are very competitive. Our principal competitors in these categories all have substantial financial
marketing
 and other resources. In most product categories
 we compete not only with other widely advertised branded products
 but also with generic and private label products that are generally sold at lower prices. Competition in our product
categories is based on product innovation
 product quality
 price
 brand recognition and loyalty
 effectiveness of marketing
 promotional activity
 and the ability to identify and satisfy consumer preferences. If our large competitors were to seek
an advantage through pricing or promotional changes
 we could choose to do the same
 which could adversely affect our margins and profitability. If we did not do the same
 our revenues and market share could be adversely affected. Our market share
and revenue growth could also be adversely impacted if we are not successful in introducing innovative products in response to changing consumer demands or by new product introductions of our competitors. If we are unable to build and sustain brand
equity by offering recognizably superior product quality
 we may be unable to maintain premium pricing over generic and private label products. 

During fiscal 2013
 Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. and its affiliates (Wal-Mart) accounted for 21 percent of our consolidated net sales and 31 percent of our net
sales in the U.S. Retail segment. No other customer accounted for 10 percent or more of our consolidated net sales. Wal-Mart also represented 6 percent of our net sales in the International segment and 7 percent of our net sales in the Bakeries and
Foodservice segment. The five largest customers in our U.S. Retail segment accounted for 54 percent of its net sales for fiscal 2013
 the five largest customers in our International segment accounted for 24 percent of its net sales for fiscal 2013
and the five largest customers in our Bakeries and Foodservice segment accounted for 41 percent of its net sales for fiscal 2013. The loss of any large customer for an extended length of time could adversely affect our sales and profits. In
addition
 large retail customers may seek to use their position to improve their profitability through improved efficiency
 lower pricing
 increased reliance on their own brand name products
 increased emphasis on generic and other economy brands
and increased promotional programs. If we are unable to use our scale
 marketing expertise
 product innovation
 knowledge of consumers&#146; needs
 and category leadership positions to respond to these demands
 our profitability or volume growth
could be negatively impacted. 
 



Price changes for the commodities we depend on for raw materials
 packaging
 and energy may adversely
The principal raw materials that we use are commodities that experience price volatility caused by external
conditions such as weather
 product scarcity
 limited sources of supply
 commodity market fluctuations
 currency fluctuations
 and changes in governmental agricultural and energy policies and regulations. Commodity price changes may result in
unexpected increases in raw material
 packaging
 and energy costs. If we are unable to increase productivity to offset these increased costs or increase our prices
 we may experience reduced margins and profitability. We do not fully hedge against
changes in commodity prices
Volatility in the market


 including grains (oats
 wheat
 and corn)
 oils (principally soybean)
 non-fat dry milk
 natural gas
 and
diesel fuel. Changes in the values of these derivatives are recorded in earnings currently
 resulting in volatility in both gross margin and net earnings. These gains and losses are reported in cost of sales in our Consolidated Statements of
Earnings and in unallocated corporate items in our segment operating results until we utilize the underlying input in our manufacturing process
 at which time the gains and losses are reclassified to segment operating profit. We also record our
If we are not efficient
in our production
Our future
success and earnings growth depend in part on our ability to be efficient in the production and manufacture of our products in highly competitive markets. Gaining additional efficiencies may become more difficult over time. Our failure to reduce
costs through productivity gains or by eliminating redundant costs resulting from acquisitions could adversely affect our profitability and weaken our competitive position. Many productivity initiatives involve complex reorganization of
manufacturing facilities and production lines. Such manufacturing realignment may result in the interruption of production


move
 and sell products is critical to our success. Damage or disruption to raw material supplies or our manufacturing or distribution capabilities due to weather
 including any potential effects of climate change
 natural disaster
 fire
 terrorism
pandemic
 strikes
 import restrictions
 or other factors could impair our ability to manufacture or sell our products. Failure to take adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events
 or to effectively manage such events
if they occur
 particularly when a product is sourced from a single supplier or location
 could adversely affect our business and results of operations
 as well as require additional resources to restore our supply chain. 

We could be adversely affected if consumers in our principal markets lose confidence in the safety and quality of certain food products or ingredients.
Adverse publicity about these types of concerns
 whether or not valid
 may discourage consumers from buying our products or cause production and delivery disruptions. 
 



If our food products become adulterated
 misbranded
 or mislabeled
 we might need to recall those items
We may need to recall some of our products if they become
adulterated
 misbranded
 or mislabeled. A widespread product recall could result in significant losses due to the costs of a recall
 the destruction of product inventory
 and lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period of time. We
could also suffer losses from a significant product liability judgment against us. A significant product recall or product liability case could also result in adverse publicity
 damage to our reputation
 and a loss of consumer confidence in our food
products
We may be unable to anticipate changes
in consumer preferences and trends
Our success depends in part on our ability to
anticipate the tastes and eating habits of consumers and to offer products that appeal to their preferences. Consumer preferences change from time to time and can be affected by a number of different trends. Our failure to anticipate
 identify or
react to these changes and trends
 or to introduce new and improved products on a timely basis
 could result in reduced demand for our products
 which would in turn cause our revenues and profitability to suffer. Similarly
 demand for our products
could be affected by consumer concerns regarding the health effects of ingredients such as sodium
 trans fats
 sugar
 processed wheat

<FONT

serve. One way to achieve that growth is to enhance our portfolio by adding innovative new products in faster growing and more profitable categories. Our future results will also depend on our ability to increase market share in our existing product
categories. If we do not succeed in developing innovative products for new and existing categories
 our growth may slow


consumers to purchase our products depends in part on local economic conditions. In periods of economic uncertainty
 consumers may purchase more generic
 private label
 and other economy brands and may forego certain purchases altogether. In those
circumstances
 we could experience a reduction in sales of higher margin products or a shift in our product mix to lower margin offerings. In addition
 as a result of economic conditions or competitive actions
 we may be unable to raise our prices
sufficiently to protect margins. Consumers may also reduce the amount of food that they consume away from home at customers that purchase products from our Bakeries and Foodservice segment. Any of these events could have an adverse effect on our
results of operations. 
In fiscal 2013
 29 percent of our consolidated net sales were generated outside of the United States. We are accordingly subject to a number of risks
relating to doing business internationally
 any of which could significantly harm our business. These risks include: 





























restriction on the transfer of funds to and from foreign countries
 including potentially negative tax consequences.
Our financial performance on a U.S. dollar denominated basis is subject to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. These
fluctuations could cause material variations in our results of operations. Our principal exposures are to the Australian dollar
 Brazilian real
 British pound sterling
 Canadian dollar
 Chinese renminbi
 euro
 Japanese yen
 Mexican peso
 and Swiss
franc. From time to time
 we enter into agreements that are intended to reduce the effects of our exposure to currency fluctuations
 but these agreements may not be effective in significantly reducing our exposure. 
 



 
Food production and marketing are highly regulated by a variety of federal
 state
 local
 and foreign agencies. Changes in laws or regulations that
impose additional regulatory requirements on us
 including regulation of greenhouse gas emissions
 could increase our cost of doing business or restrict our actions
 causing our results of operations to be adversely affected. In addition
 we
advertise our products and could be the target of claims relating to alleged false or deceptive advertising under federal
 state
 and foreign laws and regulations. We may also be subject to new laws or regulations restricting our right to advertise
our products
We have a substantial amount of indebtedness
 which could limit
As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 we had total debt
redeemable interests
 and noncontrolling interests of $9.4 billion. The agreements under which we have issued indebtedness do not prevent us from incurring additional unsecured indebtedness in the future. Our level of indebtedness may limit our:





ability to obtain additional financing for working capital
 capital expenditures
 or general corporate purposes
 particularly if the ratings
assigned to our debt securities by rating organizations were revised downward; and 




flexibility to adjust to changing business and market conditions and may make us more vulnerable to a downturn in general economic conditions.
There are various financial covenants and other restrictions in our debt instruments and noncontrolling interests. If we
fail to comply with any of these requirements
 the related indebtedness (and other unrelated indebtedness) could become due and payable prior to its stated maturity and our ability to obtain additional or alternative financing may also be adversely
Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt and other obligations will depend on our operating and financial
performance
 which in turn is subject to prevailing economic conditions and to financial
 business
 and other factors beyond our control. 
Global capital and credit market issues could negatively affect our liquidity
 increase our costs of borrowing
 and disrupt the operations of our
We depend on stable
 liquid
 and well-functioning capital and credit markets to fund our operations. Although we
believe that our operating cash flows
 financial assets
 access to capital and credit markets
 and revolving-credit agreements will permit us to meet our financing needs for the foreseeable future
 there can be no assurance that future volatility or
disruption in the capital and credit markets will not impair our liquidity or increase our costs of borrowing. Our business could also be negatively impacted if our suppliers or customers experience disruptions resulting from tighter capital and
Volatility in the securities markets
 interest rates
 and other factors or changes in
our employee base could substantially increase our defined benefit pension
 other postretirement
We
sponsor a number of defined benefit plans for employees in the United States
 Canada
 and various foreign locations
 including defined benefit pension
 retiree health and welfare
 severance
 directors&#146; life
 and other postemployment plans. Our
major defined benefit pension plans are funded with trust assets invested in a globally diversified portfolio of securities and other investments. Changes in interest rates
 mortality rates
 health care costs
 early retirement rates
 investment
returns
 and the market value of plan assets can affect the funded status of our defined benefit plans and cause volatility in the net periodic benefit cost and future funding requirements of the plans. A significant increase in our obligations or
future funding requirements could have a negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows from operations. 
 



Our business operations could be disrupted if our information technology systems fail to perform
The efficient operation of our business depends on our information technology systems. We rely on our information technology
systems to effectively manage our business data
 communications
 supply chain
 order entry and fulfillment
 and other business processes. The failure of our information technology systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and
could result in transaction errors
 processing inefficiencies
 and the loss of sales and customers
 causing our business and results of operations to suffer. In addition
 our information technology systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption
from circumstances beyond our control
 including fire
 natural disasters
 systems failures
 security breaches
 and viruses. Any such damage or interruption could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
If other potentially responsible parties (PRPs) are unable to contribute to remediation costs at certain contaminated sites
 our costs for remediation
We are subject to various federal
 state
 local
 and foreign environmental and health and safety laws and regulations.
Under certain of these laws
 namely the Comprehensive Environmental Response
 Compensation
 and Liability Act and its state counterparts
 liability for investigation and remediation of hazardous substance contamination at currently or formerly owned
or operated facilities or at third-party waste disposal sites is joint and several. We currently are involved in active remediation efforts at certain sites where we have been named a PRP. If other PRPs at these sites are unable to contribute to
remediation costs
 we could be held responsible for their portion of the remediation costs
 and those costs could be material. We cannot assure that our costs in relation to these environmental matters or compliance with environmental laws in
A
change in the assumptions regarding the future performance of our businesses or a different weighted-average cost of capital used to value our reporting units or our indefinite-lived intangible assets could negatively affect our consolidated results
Goodwill for each of our reporting units is tested for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in
circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. We compare the carrying value of the net assets of a reporting unit
 including goodwill
 to the fair value of the unit. If the fair value of the net assets of the reporting unit is less than
the net assets including goodwill
 impairment has occurred. Our estimates of fair value are determined based on a discounted cash flow model. Growth rates for sales and profits are determined using inputs from our annual long-range planning process.
We also make estimates of discount rates
 perpetuity growth assumptions
 market comparables
 and other factors. While we currently believe that our goodwill is not impaired
 different assumptions regarding the future performance of our businesses
We evaluate the useful lives of our intangible assets
 primarily intangible assets associated
with the 
 
 
 
 
 
 
brands
 to determine if they are finite or indefinite-lived. Reaching a determination
on useful life requires significant judgments and assumptions regarding the future effects of obsolescence
 demand
 competition
 other economic factors (such as the stability of the industry
 known technological advances
 legislative action that
results in an uncertain or changing regulatory environment
 and expected changes in distribution channels)
 the level of required maintenance expenditures
 and the expected lives of other related groups of assets. 
Our indefinite-lived intangible assets are also tested for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their
carrying value may not be recoverable. Our estimate of the fair value of the brands is based on a discounted cash flow model using inputs including projected revenues from our annual long-range plan
 assumed royalty rates which could be payable if
we did not own the brands
As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 we had $13.1 billion of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible
assets. While we currently believe that the fair value of each intangible exceeds its carrying value and that those intangibles so classified will contribute indefinitely to our cash flows
 different assumptions regarding future performance of our
businesses or a different weighted-average cost of capital could result in significant impairment losses and amortization expense. 
 



Our failure to successfully integrate acquisitions into our existing operations could adversely affect
From time to time
 we evaluate potential acquisitions or joint ventures that would further our strategic
objectives. Our success depends
 in part
 upon our ability to integrate acquired and existing operations. If we are unable to successfully integrate acquisitions
 our financial results could suffer. Additional potential risks associated with
acquisitions include additional debt leverage
 the loss of key employees and customers of the acquired business
 the assumption of unknown liabilities
 the inherent risk associated with entering a geographic area or line of business in which we have
no or limited prior experience
 failure to achieve anticipated synergies
 and the impairment of goodwill or other acquisition-related intangible assets. 



None.




We own our principal
executive offices and main research facilities
 which are located in the Minneapolis
 Minnesota metropolitan area. We operate numerous manufacturing facilities and maintain many sales and administrative offices
 warehouses
 and distribution centers
As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 we operated 65
facilities for the production of a wide variety of food products. Of these facilities
 30 are located in the United States (2 of which are leased)
 9 in the Asia/Pacific region (4 of which are leased)
 5 in Canada (3 of which are leased)
 8 in
Europe (2 of which are leased)
 12 in Latin America and Mexico (1 of which is leased)
 and 1 in South Africa. The following is a list of the locations of our principal production facilities
 which primarily support the segment noted: 


























&#149; Carson
 California

&#149; Cedar Rapids
 Iowa

&#149; Vineland
 New Jersey



&#149; Lodi
 California

&#149; Methuen
 Massachusetts

&#149; Albuquerque
 New Mexico



&#149; Covington
 Georgia

&#149; Irapuato
 Mexico

&#149; Buffalo
 New York



&#149; Belvidere
 Illinois

&#149; Reed City
 Michigan

&#149; Cincinnati
 Ohio



&#149; Geneva
 Illinois

&#149; Fridley
 Minnesota

&#149; Wellston
 Ohio



&#149; West Chicago
 Illinois

&#149; Hannibal
 Missouri

&#149; Murfreesboro
 Tennessee



&#149; New Albany
 Indiana

&#149; Kansas City
 Missouri

&#149; Milwaukee
 Wisconsin



&#149; Carlisle
 Iowa

&#149; Great Falls
 Montana























&#149; Buenos Aires
 Argentina

&#149; Guangzhou
 China

&#149; Le Mans
 France



&#149; Mt. Waverly
 Australia

&#149; Nanjing
 China

&#149; Moneteau
 France



&#149; Rooty Hill
 Australia

&#149; Sanhe
 China

&#149; Vienne
 France



&#149; Nova Prata
 Brazil

&#149; Shanghai
 China

&#149; San Adrian
 Spain



&#149; Pouso Alegre
 Brazil

&#149; Arras
 France

&#149; Berwick
 United Kingdom



&#149; Downsview
 Canada

&#149; Labatut
 France

&#149; Cagua
 Venezuela



&#149; St. Hyacinthe
 Canada

























&#149; Chanhassen
 Minnesota

&#149; Joplin
 Missouri

&#149; Martel
 Ohio

 



We operate numerous grain elevators in the United States in support of our domestic manufacturing
activities. We also utilize approximately 11&nbsp;million square feet of warehouse and distribution space
 nearly all of which is leased
 that primarily supports our U.S. Retail segment. We own and lease a number of dedicated sales and
administrative offices in the United States
 Canada
 and elsewhere around the world
 totaling approximately 3&nbsp;million square feet. We have additional warehouse
 distribution
 and office space in our plant locations. 
As part of our H&auml;agen-Dazs business in our International segment
 we operate 331 (all leased) and franchise 358 branded ice cream parlors in various
countries around the world
 all outside of the United States and Canada. 



We are the subject of
various pending or threatened legal actions in the ordinary course of our business. All such matters are subject to many uncertainties and outcomes that are not predictable with assurance. In our opinion
 there were no claims or litigation pending
as of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 that were reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. See the information contained under the section entitled &#147;Environmental Matters&#148; in
Item&nbsp;1 of this report for a discussion of environmental matters in which we are involved. 



None.




Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol &#147;GIS.&#148; On June&nbsp;14
 2013
 there were approximately 33
000 record
holders of our common stock. Information regarding the market prices for our common stock and dividend payments for the two most recent fiscal years is set forth in Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this report.
The following table sets forth information with respect to shares of our common stock that we purchased during the fiscal quarter ended
May&nbsp;26
 2013: 











































February 25
 2013-

















March 31
 2013


2
028







2
028



54
558
074


April 1
 2013-

















April 28
 2013














54
558
043


April 29
 2013-

















May 26
 2013


5
496
293







5
496
293



49
061
750





5
498
352







5
498
352



49
061
750























The total number of shares purchased includes: (i)&nbsp;5.5&nbsp;million shares of common stock purchased under the terms of an accelerated share repurchase agreement
(see Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this report); and (ii)&nbsp;shares of common stock withheld for the payment of withholding taxes upon the distribution of deferred option units. 



On June&nbsp;28
 2010
 our Board of Directors approved and we announced an authorization for the repurchase of up to 100
000
000 shares of our common stock. Purchases
can be made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions
 including the use of call options and other derivative instruments
 Rule 10b5-1 trading plans
 and accelerated repurchase programs. The Board did not specify an expiration date
for the authorization. 
 






The following
table sets forth selected financial data for each of the fiscal years in the five-year period ended May&nbsp;26
 2013: 





























In Millions
 Except Per Share Data
 Percentages and Ratios









































17
774.1



16
657.9



14
880.2



14
635.6



14
555.8





6
423.9



6
044.7



5
953.5



5
800.2



5
174.9


Selling
 general
 and administrative expenses


3
552.3



3
380.7



3
192.0



3
162.7



2
893.2





3
197.7



3
011.6



2
945.6



2
840.5



2
624.2



























1
855.2



1
567.3



1
798.3



1
530.5



1
304.4








































































































































































































Diluted
 excluding certain items affecting comparability (c)

































































Selling
 general
 and administrative expenses as a














































































































Land
 buildings
 and equipment


3
878.1



3
652.7



3
345.9



3
127.7



3
034.9





22
658.0



21
096.8



18
674.5



17
678.9



17
874.8


Long-term debt
 excluding current portion


5
926.1



6
161.9



5
542.5



5
268.5



5
754.8





7
969.1



7
429.6



6
885.1



6
425.9



7
075.5

















































6
672.2



6
421.7



6
365.5



5
402.9



5
172.3



























2
926.0



2
407.2



1
531.1



2
185.1



1
836.7



























1
515.4



1
870.8

















1
140.2











1
507.7



1
413.0






























































































































































































 







We are a global
consumer foods company. We develop distinctive value-added food products and market them under unique brand names. We work continuously to improve our established products and to create new products that meet consumers&#146; evolving needs and
preferences. In addition
 we build the equity of our brands over time with strong consumer-directed marketing and innovative new products and effective merchandising. We believe our brand-building strategy is the key to winning and sustaining
Our fundamental business goal is to generate superior returns for our stockholders over
the long term. We believe that increases in net sales
 segment operating profit
 earnings per share (EPS)
 and return on average total capital are the key measures of financial performance for our business. 
























 coupled with an attractive dividend yield
 should result in long-term value creation for stockholders. We return a substantial amount of cash to stockholders
In fiscal 2013 we maintained focus on our core strategies of brand building investment
international expansion
 customer partnerships
 product innovation and holistic margin management (HMM) initiatives
 and we continued to invest for future growth. For the fiscal year ended May&nbsp;26
 2013
 our net sales grew 7 percent and total
segment operating profit grew 6 percent. Our return on average total capital declined by 80 basis points primarily due to the acquisitions of Yoplait S.A.S.
 Yoplait Marques S.A.S.
 and Yoki Alimentos S.A. (Yoki). Diluted EPS grew 19 percent and
diluted EPS excluding certain items affecting comparability increased 5 percent (See the &#147;Non-GAAP Measures&#148; section below for a description of our discussion of total segment operating profit
 diluted EPS excluding certain items affecting
comparability and return on average total capital
 which are not defined by generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP)). Net cash provided by operations totaled $2.9 billion in fiscal 2013
 enabling us to partially fund the acquisition of Yoki
and to increase our annual dividend payments per share by 8 percent from fiscal 2012. We also made significant capital investments totaling $614 million in fiscal 2013 and repurchased $1.0 billion of shares of common stock. 






We increased our worldwide sales base and strengthened our portfolio by making key strategic acquisitions that expanded our participation in
fast-growing food categories and emerging markets
 and grew net sales by 7 percent. 




We sustained a high level of new product activity
 and executed effective marketing and merchandising actions in support of our leading brands
and global platforms around the world. 




We achieved a 6 percent increase in total segment operating profit driven by our ongoing HMM program
 the effect of our restructuring plan
announced in May 2012
 volume growth from existing businesses
 and contributions from new businesses. 
 







Our strong cash flows allowed us to fund the acquisition of new businesses in fiscal 2013 and also repurchase sufficient shares of company stock
Details of our financial results are provided in the
In fiscal 2014
 we expect to generate growth consistent with our
long term model: 




We have a strong line-up of consumer marketing
 merchandising
 and innovation planned to support our leading brands. We will continue to build
our global platforms in markets around the world
 accelerating our efforts in rapidly growing emerging markets. 




We are targeting low single-digit growth in net sales driven by volume growth
 with incremental contributions from new businesses added in
fiscal 2013. 




We are targeting mid single-digit growth in total segment operating profit in fiscal 2014 including incremental contributions from new
businesses. We expect our HMM discipline of cost savings and mix management to more than offset expected input cost inflation. 










We expect to deliver increased cash returns to shareholders in fiscal 2014
 including a 15 percent dividend increase and share repurchases that
Our businesses generate strong levels of cash




 Yoplait Ireland
 Food Should Taste Good in the United States
 Parampara Foods in India
Immaculate Baking Company in the United States
 and the assumption of the Canadian Yoplait franchise license (Yoplait Canada).&nbsp;Also included in the first quarter of fiscal 2013 are two additional months of results from the acquisition of
Yoplait S.A.S.&nbsp;Collectively
Fiscal 2013 net sales grew 7 percent to $17
774
million. In fiscal 2013
 was $1
855 million
 up 18 percent from $1
567 million in fiscal 2012
of $2.79 in fiscal 2013
 up 19 percent from $2.35 in fiscal 2012.
Fiscal 2013 results include the effects from various discrete tax items
 restructuring charges related to our fiscal 2012 productivity and cost savings plan
 integration costs resulting from the acquisition of Yoki
 and gains from the mark-to-market
valuation of certain commodity positions and grain inventories. Fiscal 2012 results include losses from the mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions and grain inventories
 restructuring charges related to our 2012 productivity and
cost savings plan
 and integration costs resulting from the acquisitions of Yoplait S.A.S. and Yoplait Marques S.A.S. Diluted EPS excluding these items affecting comparability totaled $2.69 in fiscal 2013
 up 5 percent from $2.56 in fiscal 2012 (see
the &#147;Non-GAAP Measures&#148; section below for a description of our use of this measure and our discussion of the items affecting comparability). 
 



 


















































 including 6 percentage points of growth contributed by new businesses
 primarily Yoki
 Yoplait S.A.S.
 and Yoplait Canada. Excluding the impact of new
businesses
 net sales grew 2 percent
 partially offset by 1 percentage point of unfavorable foreign currency exchange. Contributions from volume growth increased net sales by 9 percentage points
 including 8 percentage points of contribution from
volume growth due to new businesses. Unfavorable net price realization and mix decreased net sales growth by 1 percentage point and unfavorable foreign currency exchange decreased net sales growth by 1 percentage point. 
increased $737 million in fiscal 2013 to $11
350 million. Higher volume drove a $982 million increase in cost of sales. We also
recorded a $17 million non-recurring expense related to the assumption of the Canadian Yoplait franchise license in fiscal 2013. These increases were partially offset by a $154 million decrease in cost of sales attributable to product mix. In fiscal
2013
 we recorded a $4 million net decrease in cost of sales related to mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions and grain inventories as described in Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this report
grew 6 percent in fiscal 2013 versus fiscal 2012. Gross margin
Selling
 general and administrative (SG&amp;A)
expenses 
 we recorded a $25 million foreign exchange
loss resulting from the remeasurement of assets and liabilities of our Venezuelan subsidiary following the devaluation of the bolivar in fiscal 2013. Excluding these items
 SG&amp;A expenses decreased compared to last year
 including a 2 percent


 impairment
 and other exit costs 








Expense
 in Millions





















In fiscal 2013
 we recorded a $19 million restructuring charge related to a productivity and cost savings plan approved
in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012
 consisting of $11 million of employee severance expense and other exit costs of $8 million. All of our operating segments were affected by these actions including $16 million related to our International
segment
 $2 million related to our U.S. Retail segment
 and $1 million related to our Bakeries and Foodservice segment. These restructuring actions are expected to be completed by the end of fiscal 2014. In addition
 we recorded $1 million of
charges associated with other previously announced restructuring actions. In fiscal 2013


 net 
 $35 million lower than fiscal 2012. The average interest rate decreased 60 basis points
 including the effect of the mix of debt
 generating a
$43 million decrease in net interest. Average interest bearing instruments increased $167 million
 primarily from an increase in incremental borrowing to fund the acquisition of Yoki
 generating an $8 million increase in net interest. 
 



for fiscal 2013 was 29.2 percent compared to 32.1 percent in
fiscal 2012. The 2.9 percentage point decrease was primarily related to the restructuring of our General Mills Cereals
 LLC (GMC) subsidiary during the first quarter of fiscal 2013 which resulted in a $63 million decrease to deferred income tax
liabilities related to the tax basis of the investment in GMC and certain distributed assets
 with a corresponding discrete non-cash reduction to income taxes. During fiscal 2013
 we also recorded a $34 million discrete decrease in income tax
expense and an increase in our deferred tax assets related to certain actions taken to restore part of the tax benefits associated with Medicare Part D subsidies which had previously been reduced in fiscal 2010 with the enactment of the Patient
Protection and Affordable Care Act
 as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010. Our fiscal 2013 tax expense also includes a $12 million charge associated with the liquidation of a corporate investment. 
for fiscal 2013 increased to $99 million compared to $88 million in fiscal 2012 primarily due to higher tax


Venture Change in Net Sales 





































In fiscal 2013
 CPW net sales declined by 1 percentage point as 2 percentage points of net sales growth from favorable
net price realization and mix were offset by 3 percentage points of net sales decline from unfavorable foreign currency exchange. Contribution from volume growth was flat compared to fiscal 2012. In fiscal 2013
 net sales for HDJ decreased 2
percentage points from fiscal 2012 as 6 percentage points of net sales growth from volume contribution was offset by 7 percentage points of net sales decline from unfavorable foreign currency exchange and 1 percentage point of net sales decline
decreased by 1&nbsp;million in fiscal
2013 from fiscal 2012
 due primarily to the repurchase of 24&nbsp;million shares



increased $123
increased $67 million from fiscal 2012
increased $80 million from fiscal 2012
Land
 buildings
 and equipment

 as $614 million of capital expenditures and $216 million of additions from acquired businesses were partially offset by depreciation expense of $552 million. 
increased $750 million from fiscal 2012. We recorded $407&nbsp;million of goodwill and $311 million of other
intangible assets related to acquisitions in fiscal 2013. 
 



decreased $22 million from fiscal 2012
 primarily related to the liquidation of a
increased $274 million from fiscal 2012
 primarily due to the acquisition of Yoki and the
Long-term debt
current portion
increased $540 million from
fiscal 2012 primarily due to $1.0 billion of debt issuances
The
current and noncurrent portions of net 
increased $401 million from fiscal 2012
 primarily driven by increases in dividend accruals and trade and consumer
decreased $237 million from fiscal 2012
 primarily driven by a decrease in pension
 postemployment
 and
increased $120 million from fiscal 2012
 primarily due to a $104 million increase in
increased $744 million from fiscal 2012
 reflecting fiscal 2013 net
earnings of $1
increased $510 million from fiscal 2012
 due to $1
015 million of share repurchases
 including $270 million related to an
ASR agreement
decreased $142 million from fiscal 2012

comprehensive loss (AOCI) 


Fiscal 2012 net sales grew 12 percent to $16
658 million. In fiscal 2012

Mills
567 million
 down 13 percent from $1
798 million in fiscal 2011
of $2.35 in fiscal 2012
 down 13 percent from $2.70 in fiscal 2011. Fiscal 2012 results include losses from the mark-to-market
valuation of certain commodity positions and grain inventories versus fiscal 2011 which included gains. Fiscal 2012 results also include restructuring charges reflecting employee severance expense and the write-off of certain long-lived assets
related to our 2012 productivity and cost savings plan and integration costs resulting from the acquisitions of Yoplait S.A.S. and Yoplait Marques S.A.S. Fiscal 2011 results include the net benefit from the resolution of uncertain tax matters.
Diluted EPS excluding these items affecting comparability was $2.56 in fiscal 2012
 up 3 percent from $2.48 in fiscal 2011 (see the &#147;Non-GAAP Measures&#148; section below for our use of this measure and our discussion of the items affecting
comparability). 

















































 



grew 12 percent in fiscal 2012
 due to 9 percentage points of contribution from volume
growth
 including 12 percentage points of volume growth contributed by the acquisition of Yoplait S.A.S. Net price realization and mix contributed 3 percentage points of net sales growth. Foreign currency exchange was flat compared to fiscal 2011.
increased $1
686 million in fiscal 2012 to $10
613 million. This increase was driven by an $877 million increase
attributable to higher volume and a $610 million increase attributable to higher input costs and product mix. We recorded a $104 million net increase in cost of sales related to mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions and grain
inventories as described in Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this report




 general and administrative (SG&amp;A) expenses 


of $17 million consisting of a gain of $14 million related to the sale of a foodservice frozen baked


 impairment
 and other exit costs 








Expense
 in Millions



























In fiscal 2012
 we approved a major productivity and cost savings plan designed to improve organizational effectiveness
and focus on key growth strategies. The plan included organizational changes to strengthen business alignment
 and actions to accelerate administrative efficiencies across all of our operating segments and support functions. In connection with this
initiative
 we eliminated approximately 850 positions globally and recorded a $101 million restructuring charge
 consisting of $88 million of employee severance expense and a non-cash charge of $13 million related to the write-off of certain
long-lived assets in our U.S. Retail segment. All of our operating segments and support functions were affected by these actions including $70 million related to our U.S. Retail segment
 $12 million related to our Bakeries and Foodservice segment
$10 million related to our International segment
 and $9 million related to our administrative functions. These restructuring actions are expected to be completed by the end of fiscal 2014. In fiscal 2012
 we paid $4 million in cash related to
Interest
 net 
 $6 million higher
than fiscal 2011. Average interest bearing instruments increased $792 million in fiscal 2012
 primarily due to the acquisitions of Yoplait S.A.S. and Yoplait Marques S.A.S.
 generating a $46 million increase in net interest. The average interest
rate decreased 55 basis points
 including the effect of the mix of debt
Our consolidated
for fiscal 2012 was 32.1 percent compared to 29.7 percent in fiscal 2011. The 2.4 percentage point increase was primarily due to a $100 million reduction to tax expense recorded in fiscal 2011 related to a settlement with
the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) concerning corporate income tax adjustments for fiscal years 2002 to 2008. 
 



for fiscal 2012 decreased to $88 million compared to $96
The change in net sales
for each joint venture is set forth in the following table: 






































In fiscal 2012
 CPW net sales grew by 4 percent due to 3 percentage points attributable to net price realization and mix
and a 2 percentage point increase from volume
 partially offset by a 1 percentage point decrease from unfavorable foreign currency exchange. In fiscal 2012
 net sales for HDJ increased 11 percent from fiscal 2011 due to 7 percentage points of
favorable foreign currency exchange
 3 percentage points due to an increase in volume


 due primarily to the issuance of common stock from stock option exercises
 partially offset by share

<FONT

 we realigned certain divisions within our U.S. Retail operating segment and certain geographic regions within our International operating segment. We
revised the amounts previously reported in the net sales percentage change by division within our U.S. Retail segment and geographic regions within our International segment. These realignments had no effect on previously reported consolidated net
sales
 operating segments&#146; net sales
 operating profit
 segment operating profit
 net earnings attributable to General Mills


 Big G
 Snacks
 Yoplait
 and Small Planet Foods were unchanged. Baking Products combines our baking aisle and refrigerated dough products. Frozen Foods includes our frozen
products
 canned vegetables. Meals includes dinner mixes
 side dishes
 Mexican products
 soups. In the International segment
 Canada was unchanged. The Australia and New Zealand businesses were
realigned with our Europe region. The Turkey
 North Africa
 South Africa
 and Middle East businesses were realigned with our Asia/Pacific region. 
 



The following tables provide the dollar amount and percentage of net sales and operating profit from each
segment for fiscal years 2013
 2012
 and 2011: 





























































































10
614.9







10
480.2







10
163.9









5
200.2







4
194.3







2
875.5









1
959.0







1
983.4







1
840.8









17
774.1







16
657.9







14
880.2





































































2
392.9







2
295.3







2
347.9





























































3
197.7







3
011.6







2
945.6































Segment operating profit excludes unallocated corporate items
 gain on divestitures
 and restructuring
 impairment
 and
other exit costs because these items affecting operating profit are centrally managed at the corporate level and are excluded from the measure of segment profitability reviewed by our executive management. 
Our U.S.
Retail segment reflects business with a wide variety of grocery stores
 mass merchandisers
 membership stores
 natural food chains
 and drug
 dollar and discount chains operating throughout the United States. Our product categories in this business
segment include ready-to-eat cereals
 refrigerated yogurt
 ready-to-serve soup
 dry dinners
 shelf stable and frozen vegetables
 refrigerated and frozen dough products
 dessert and baking mixes
 frozen pizza and pizza snacks
 grain
 fruit and savory
snacks
 and a wide variety of organic products including granola bars
 cereal
In fiscal 2013
 net sales for our U.S. Retail
segment were $10.6 billion


 net sales for this segment totaled $10.5 billion
 up 3 percent from fiscal 2011. Net price realization and mix contributed 9 percentage points of growth
 partially offset by a 6 percentage
point decrease due to lower pound volume. 



































































 



 







































2
340.8



2
387.9



2
293.6





1
845.7



1
792.8



1
736.0





1
717.2



1
578.6



1
378.3





1
549.6



1
601.0



1
596.8





1
481.0



1
452.8



1
431.5





1
352.6



1
418.5



1
499.0



















10
614.9



10
480.2



10
163.9
































































































































The 1 percentage point increase in the fiscal 2013 U.S. Retail segment net sales was driven by the Snacks
 Small Planet
Foods
 Baking Products
 and Meals divisions
 partially offset by declines in the Yoplait
 Frozen Foods
The 3 percentage
point increase in the fiscal 2012 U.S. Retail segment net sales was driven by the Snacks
 Big G
 Baking Products
 Small Planet Foods
 and Meals divisions
 partially offset by declines in the Yoplait division. Frozen Foods net sales were flat
Segment operating profit of $2.4 billion in fiscal 2013 improved $98 million
 or 4 percent
 from fiscal 2012. The
increase was primarily driven by a 5 percent reduction in advertising and media expense
 favorable net price realization and mix
 and higher volume
 partially offset by an increase in input costs. 
Segment operating profit of $2.3 billion in fiscal 2012 declined $53 million
 or 2 percent
 from fiscal 2011. The decrease was primarily driven by higher
input costs
 lower volume
 and a 5 percent increase in advertising and media expense. 
Our International segment consists of retail and foodservice businesses outside of the United States. In Canada
 our product categories include
ready-to-eat cereals
 shelf stable and frozen vegetables
 dry dinners
 refrigerated and frozen dough products
 dessert and baking mixes
 frozen pizza snacks
 refrigerated yogurt
 and grain and fruit snacks. In markets outside North America
 our
product categories include super-premium ice cream and frozen desserts
 refrigerated yogurt
 snacks
 shelf stable and frozen vegetables
 refrigerated and frozen dough products
 and dry dinners. Our International segment also includes products
manufactured in the United States for export
 mainly to Caribbean and Latin American markets
 as well as products we manufacture for sale to our international joint ventures. Revenues from export activities and franchise fees are reported in the
region or country where the end customer is located. 
 



As part of a long-term plan to conform the fiscal year ends of all our operations
 we have changed the
reporting period of certain countries within our International segment from an April fiscal year end to a May fiscal year end to match our fiscal calendar. Accordingly
 in the year of change
 our results include 13 months of results from the
affected operations compared to 12 months in previous fiscal years. In fiscal 2013
 we changed the reporting period for our operations in Europe and Australia. The impact of these changes was not material to the fiscal 2013 International segment
Net sales for our International segment totaled $5
200 million in fiscal 2013
 up 24 percent from $4
194 million in
fiscal 2012. The growth in fiscal 2013 was driven by 21 percentage points from new businesses
 primarily Yoki
 Yoplait S.A.S.
 and Yoplait Canada. Excluding the impact of new businesses
 net sales were up 3 percent. Volume contributed 34 percentage
points of net sales growth
 including 32 percentage points resulting from new businesses
 partially offset by 6 percentage points of unfavorable net price realization and mix and 4 percentage points of unfavorable foreign currency exchange.
Net sales totaled $4
194 million in fiscal 2012
 up 46 percent from $2
876 million in fiscal 2011. The growth in fiscal 2012 was driven by 36
percentage points contributed by the acquisition of Yoplait S.A.S. Volume contributed 65 percentage points of net sales growth
 including 63 percentage points resulting from the acquisition of Yoplait S.A.S.
 and favorable foreign currency exchange
contributed 1 percentage point of net sales growth. These gains were partially offset by a decrease of 20 percentage points due to unfavorable net price realization and mix resulting from the acquisition of Yoplait S.A.S. 











































































































2
214.6



1
988.5



1
079.2





1
210.5









































5
200.2



4
194.3



2
875.5




















 



 


























Percentage&nbsp;Change&nbsp;in&nbsp;
Net


Percentage&nbsp;Change&nbsp;in&nbsp;
Net







































































































































Fiscal 2013 percentage change in net sales as reported for the Europe region includes 4 percentage points of growth due to an additional month of results. The impact to
The 24 percentage point increase in the
International segment fiscal 2013 net sales was driven by growth across all regions. On a constant currency basis
 International segment net sales grew 28 percent
 with 139 percent growth in the Latin America region
 15 percent growth in the Europe
region
 22 percent growth in the Canada region
The 46 percentage point increase in the
International segment fiscal 2012 net sales was driven by growth across all regions. On a constant currency basis
 International segment net sales grew 45 percent
 with 83 percent growth in the Europe region
 28 percent growth in the Canada region
20 percent growth in the Asia/Pacific region
Segment operating profit for fiscal 2013
grew 14 percent to $490 million from $430 million in fiscal 2012
 primarily driven by volume growth
 the Yoki acquisition
 and a full year of activity from Yoplait S.A.S.
 partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency exchange. 
During fiscal 2010
 Venezuela became a highly inflationary economy. In February 2013
 the Venezuelan government devalued the bolivar by resetting the
official exchange rate. The effect of the devaluation in fiscal 2013 was a $25&nbsp;million foreign exchange loss in segment operating profit resulting from the remeasurement of assets and liabilities of our Venezuelan subsidiary. We continue to use
the official exchange rate to remeasure the financial statements of our Venezuelan operations
 as we expect to remit dividends through transactions at the official rate. We do not expect that the effects of the devaluation will have a material
Segment operating profit for fiscal 2012 grew 47 percent to $430 million
 from $291 million in fiscal
2011
 primarily driven by the acquisition of Yoplait S.A.S.
 higher volume
BAKERIES AND
In our Bakeries and Foodservice segment our product categories include ready-to-eat cereals
 snacks
 refrigerated
yogurt
 unbaked and fully baked frozen dough products
 baking mixes
 and flour. Many products we sell are branded to the consumer and nearly all are branded to our customers. We sell to distributors and operators in many customer channels including
foodservice
 convenience stores
 vending


 net sales for our Bakeries and Foodservice segment decreased 1 percent to $1
959 million due to lower pound volume. Net price realization and mix was flat compared to fiscal 2012 as gains
from favorable product mix were offset by declines in commodity index priced items. 
 



For fiscal 2012
 net sales for our Bakeries and Foodservice segment increased 8 percent to $1
983 million.



















































































































1
959.0



1
983.4



1
840.8















In fiscal 2013
 segment operating profit was $315 million
 up 10 percent from $287 million in fiscal 2012. The increase
was primarily driven by favorable product mix
 lower manufacturing and input costs
In fiscal 2012
 segment
operating profit was $287 million


expenses
 variances to planned domestic employee benefits and incentives
 contributions to the General Mills Foundation
 and other items that are not part of our measurement of segment operating performance. This includes gains and losses from
mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions until passed back to our operating segments in accordance with our policy as discussed in Note 2 of the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this report. 
For fiscal 2013
 unallocated corporate expense totaled $326 million compared to $348 million last year. In fiscal 2013 we recorded a $4 million net
decrease in expense related to mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions and grain inventories
 compared to a $104 million net increase in expense last year. Pension expense increased $40 million in fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012.
In fiscal 2013
Unallocated corporate expense totaled
$348 million in fiscal 2012 compared to $184 million in fiscal 2011. In fiscal 2012
 we recorded a $104 million net increase in expense related to mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions and grain inventories
 compared to a $95
million net decrease in expense in fiscal 2011. In fiscal 2012
 we also recorded $11 million of integration costs related to the acquisitions of Yoplait S.A.S. and Yoplait Marques S.A.S. These increases in expense were partially offset by a decrease
in compensation and benefit expense compared to fiscal 2011. 
We have experienced significant input cost volatility since fiscal 2006. Our gross margin performance in fiscal 2013 reflects the impact of 3 percent
input cost inflation
 primarily on commodities inputs. We expect the rate of inflation of commodities and energy costs to be consistent in fiscal 2014. We attempt to minimize the effects of inflation through planning and operating practices. Our
risk management practices are discussed in Item&nbsp;7A of this report. 
 



The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act
 as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation
Act of 2010 (collectively
 the Act) was signed into law in March 2010. The Act codifies health care reforms with staggered effective dates from 2010 to 2018. Many provisions in the Act require the issuance of additional guidance from various
government agencies. Because the Act does not take effect fully until future years
 the Act did not have a material impact on our fiscal 2013
 2012
 or 2011 results of operations. Given the complexity of the Act
 the extended time period over which
the reforms will be implemented
 and the unknown impact of future regulatory guidance


recent three-year period
 our operations have generated $6.9 billion in cash. A substantial portion of this operating cash flow has been returned to stockholders through share repurchases and dividends. We also use this source of liquidity to fund
our capital expenditures and acquisitions. We typically use a combination of cash
 notes payable


 2013
 we had $714 million of cash and cash equivalents held in foreign jurisdictions which will be used to fund foreign operations and acquisitions. There is currently no need to
repatriate these funds in order to meet domestic funding obligations or scheduled cash distributions. If we choose to repatriate cash held in foreign jurisdictions
 we expect to do so only in a tax-neutral manner. 

































Net earnings
 including earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests


1
892.5



1
589.1



1
803.5
































































































































Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs



























Other
 net
















2
926.0



2
407.2



1
531.1















In fiscal 2013
 our operations generated $2.9 billion of cash compared to $2.4 billion in fiscal 2012. The $519 million
increase is primarily due to a $303 million increase in net earnings and $227 million from changes in current assets and liabilities. Other current liabilities accounted for $336 million of the increase in current assets and liabilities due to trade
and tax accruals
 and accounts payable accounted for $252 million of the increase partly as the result of the extension of payment terms. These were partially offset by a $214 million change in prepaid expenses and other current assets primarily due
to changes in derivative receivables and changes in other receivables related to the liquidation of a corporate investment
 and a $126 million change in inventory largely driven by a lower level of inventory reduction activity compared to fiscal
2012. In both fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 we made a $200 million voluntary contribution to our principal domestic pension plans.&nbsp;In addition
 we paid $80 million in cash related to restructuring actions in fiscal 2013. 
 



We strive to grow core working capital at or below our growth in net sales. For fiscal 2013
 core working
capital decreased 5 percent
 compared to net sales growth of 7 percent
 primarily due to an increase in accounts payable. In fiscal 2012
 core working capital decreased 7 percent
 compared to net sales growth of 12 percent
 and in fiscal 2011
 core
working capital increased 16 percent
In fiscal 2012
 our operations generated $2.4 billion of
cash compared to $1.5 billion in fiscal 2011. The $876 million increase primarily reflects changes in current assets and liabilities
 including a $384 million increase driven by inventory reduction efforts in fiscal 2012. Prepaid expenses and other
current assets accounted for a $245 million increase
 primarily reflecting changes in foreign currency hedges and the fair value of open grain contracts. Other current liabilities accounted for a $386 million increase
 primarily reflecting changes
in accrued income taxes as a result of audit settlements and court decisions in fiscal 2011 and changes in consumer marketing and related accruals. The favorable change in working capital was offset by a $214 million decrease in net earnings.
Additionally
 fiscal 2012 included non-cash restructuring charges of $101 million reflecting employee severance expense and the write-off of certain long-lived assets. In both fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011
 we made a $200 million voluntary
contribution to our principal domestic pension plans. 

































Purchases of land
 buildings
 and equipment




















(1
050.1






Investments in affiliates
 net













Proceeds from disposal of land
 buildings
 and equipment









































Other
 net
















(1
515.4



(1
870.8



















In fiscal 2013
 cash used by investing activities decreased by $355 million from fiscal 2012. In the second quarter of
fiscal 2013
 we acquired Yoki
 a privately held food company headquartered in Sao Bernardo do Campo
 Brazil
 for an aggregate purchase price of $940 million
 comprised of $820 million of cash
 net of $31 million of cash acquired
 and $120 million of
non-cash consideration for debt assumed. We invested $614 million in land
 buildings
 and equipment in fiscal 2013
 $62 million less than the same period last year. In addition
 we received $16 million in payments from Sodiaal International
In fiscal 2012
 cash used by investing
activities increased by $1.2 billion from fiscal 2011. The increased use of cash primarily reflected the acquisitions of Yoplait S.A.S. and Yoplait Marques S.A.S. in fiscal 2012 for an aggregate purchase price of $1.2 billion
 comprised of $900
million of cash
 net of $30 million of cash acquired
 and $261 million of non-cash consideration for debt assumed. In addition
 we purchased a zero coupon exchangeable note due in 2016 from Sodiaal with a notional amount of $132 million. We invested
$676 million in land
 buildings
We expect capital expenditures to be approximately $700 million in fiscal
2014. These expenditures will support initiatives that are expected to: increase manufacturing capacity for Greek yogurt; fuel International growth and expansion; and continue HMM initiatives throughout our supply chain. 
 



 


















































1
001.1



1
390.5



1
200.0









(1
450.1





































(1
044.9







(1
163.5






























Other
 net
















(1
140.2























Net cash used by financing activities increased by $474 million in fiscal 2013. In January 2013
 we issued $750 million
aggregate principal amount of fixed rate notes. The issuance consisted of $250 million 0.875 percent notes due January&nbsp;29
 2016 and $500 million 4.15 percent notes due February&nbsp;15
 2043. Interest on the fixed-rate notes is payable
semi-annually in arrears. The fixed rate notes due January&nbsp;29
 2016 may be redeemed in whole
 or in part
 at our option at any time for a specified make whole amount. The fixed rate notes due February&nbsp;15
 2043 may be redeemed in whole
 or
in part
 at our option at any time prior to August&nbsp;15
 2042 for a specified make whole amount and any time on or after that date at par. These notes are senior unsecured obligations that include a change of control repurchase provision. The net
In January 2013
 we issued $250 million floating rate notes due
January&nbsp;29
 2016. The floating-rate notes bear interest equal to three-month LIBOR plus 30 basis points
 subject to quarterly reset. Interest on the floating-rate notes is payable quarterly in arrears. The floating rate notes are not redeemable


 we repaid $521 million of 5.65 percent notes. In February 2012
 we repaid $1.0 billion of 6.0 percent notes. In November 2011
 we issued $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.15
percent notes due December&nbsp;15
 2021. The net proceeds were used to repay a portion of our notes due February 2012
 reduce our commercial paper borrowings
 and for general corporate purposes. Interest on these notes is payable semi-annually in
arrears. These notes may be redeemed at our option at any time prior to September&nbsp;15
 2021 for a specified make whole amount and any time on or after that date at par. These notes are senior unsecured
 unsubordinated obligations that include a
As part of our acquisition of Yoplait S.A.S. in fiscal 2012
 we consolidated $458 million of
primarily euro-denominated Euribor-based floating-rate bank debt. In December 2011
 we refinanced this debt with $390 million of euro-denominated Euribor-based floating-rate bank debt due at various dates through December&nbsp;15
 2014. 
In May 2011
 we issued $300 million aggregate principal amount of 1.55 percent fixed-rate notes and $400 million aggregate principal amount of
floating-rate notes
 both due May&nbsp;16
 2014. The proceeds of these notes were used to repay a portion of our outstanding commercial paper. The floating-rate notes bear interest equal to three-month LIBOR plus 35 basis points
 subject to
quarterly reset. Interest on the floating-rate notes is payable quarterly in arrears. Interest on the fixed-rate notes is payable semi-annually in arrears. The fixed-rate notes may be redeemed at our option at any time for a specified make whole
amount. These notes are senior unsecured
In June 2010
 we
issued $500 million aggregate principal amount of 5.4 percent notes due 2040. The proceeds of these notes were used to repay a portion of our outstanding commercial paper. Interest on these notes is payable semi-annually in arrears. These notes may
be redeemed at our option at any time for a specified make whole amount. These notes are senior unsecured
 unsubordinated obligations that include a change of control repurchase provision. 
 



During fiscal 2013
 we had $301 million in proceeds from common stock issued on exercised options compared
to $234 million in fiscal 2012
 an increase of $67 million. During fiscal 2011


 our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 100&nbsp;million shares of our common stock. Purchases under the authorization can be made in the open market or in privately
negotiated transactions
 including the use of call options and other derivative instruments
 Rule&nbsp;10b5-1 trading plans
 and accelerated repurchase programs. The authorization has no specified termination date. During fiscal 2013
 we paid $1
015
million to repurchase 24&nbsp;million shares of our common stock
 including 6&nbsp;million shares with a fair value of $270 million purchased as part of an ASR agreement. Under the terms of the ASR agreement
 we also paid an additional $30 million
to the unrelated financial institution for shares which will be settled in the first quarter of fiscal 2014. During fiscal 2012
 we repurchased 8&nbsp;million shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $313 million. During fiscal
2011
 we repurchased 32&nbsp;million shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $1
Dividends paid in
fiscal 2013 totaled $868 million
 or $1.32 per share
 an 8 percent per share increase from fiscal 2012. Dividends paid in fiscal 2012 totaled $800 million
 or $1.22 per share
 a 9 percent per share increase from fiscal 2011 dividends of $1.12 per
share. On March&nbsp;12
 2013
 our Board of Directors approved a dividend increase
 effective with the August&nbsp;1
 2013 payment
 to an annual rate of $1.52 per share
 a 15 percent increase from the rate paid in fiscal 2013. 























Inflow (Outflow)
 in Millions










Advances to joint ventures
 net
























































May&nbsp;26




May&nbsp;27

















1
443.3









5
926.1



6
161.9





7
969.1



7
429.6

























6
672.2



6
421.7





16
065.1



15
160.1












 



The following table details the fee-paid committed and uncommitted credit lines we had available as of
May&nbsp;26
 2013: 






















































To ensure availability of funds
 we maintain bank credit lines sufficient to cover our outstanding short-term borrowings.
Commercial paper is a continuing source of short-term financing. We have commercial paper programs available to us in the United States and Europe. Our commercial paper borrowings are supported by $2.7 billion of fee-paid committed credit lines
consisting of a $1.0 billion facility expiring in April 2015 and a $1.7 billion facility expiring in April 2017. We also have $333 million in uncommitted credit lines that support our foreign operations. As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 there were no
amounts outstanding on the fee-paid committed credit lines and $84 million was drawn on the uncommitted lines. The credit facilities contain several covenants
 including a requirement to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 2.5 times.
Certain of our long-term debt agreements
 our credit facilities
 and our noncontrolling interests contain restrictive covenants. As of
May&nbsp;26
 2013
We have $1
443 million of long-term debt maturing in the next 12 months
that is classified as current. We believe that cash flows from operations
 together with available short- and long-term debt financing
 will be adequate to meet our liquidity and capital needs for at least the next 12 months. 
As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 our total debt
 including the impact of derivative instruments designated as hedges
 was 73 percent in fixed-rate and 27 percent
in floating-rate instruments
 compared to 71 percent in fixed-rate and 29 percent in floating-rate instruments on May&nbsp;27
 2012. The change in the fixed-rate and floating-rate percentages was driven by the issuance of fixed rate bonds in January
Growth in return on average total capital is one of our key performance measures (see the &#147;Non-GAAP Measures&#148; section below
for our discussion of this measure
 which is not defined by GAAP). Return on average total capital decreased from 12.7 percent in fiscal 2012 to 11.9 percent in fiscal 2013 primarily reflecting the impact of acquisitions. We also believe that our
fixed charge coverage ratio and the ratio of operating cash flow to debt are important measures of our financial strength. Our fixed charge coverage ratio in fiscal 2013 was 7.62 compared to 6.26 in fiscal 2012. The measure increased from fiscal
2012 as earnings before income taxes and after-tax earnings from joint ventures increased by $324 million and fixed charges decreased by $32 million
 driven primarily by lower interest. Our operating cash flow to debt ratio increased 4.3 percentage
points to 36.7 percent in fiscal 2013
During the first
quarter of fiscal 2012
 we acquired a 51 percent controlling interest in Yoplait S.A.S. and a 50 percent interest in Yoplait Marques S.A.S. Sodiaal holds the remaining interests in each of the entities.&nbsp;We consolidated both entities into our
consolidated financial statements. At the date of the acquisition
&nbsp;we recorded the $264 million fair value of Sodiaal&#146;s 50 percent interest in Yoplait Marques S.A.S. as a noncontrolling interest
 and the $904 million fair value of its 49
percent interest in Yoplait S.A.S. as a redeemable interest on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. These euro-denominated interests are reported in U.S. dollars on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Sodiaal has the ability to put a limited portion of its
redeemable interest to us at fair value once per year up to a maximum of 9 years. As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 the redemption value of the redeemable interest was $968 million which approximates its fair value. 
 



During the first quarter of fiscal 2013
 in conjunction with the consent of the Class&nbsp;A investor
 we
restructured GMC through the distribution of its manufacturing assets
 stock
 inventory
 cash and certain intellectual property to a wholly owned subsidiary.&nbsp;GMC retained the remaining intellectual property.&nbsp;Immediately following the
restructuring
The
third-party holder of the GMC Class&nbsp;A Interests receives quarterly preferred distributions from available net income based on the application of a floating preferred return rate
 currently equal to the sum of three-month LIBOR plus 110 basis
points
 to the holder&#146;s capital account balance established in the most recent mark-to-market valuation (currently $252 million).&nbsp;The preferred return rate is adjusted every three years through a negotiated agreement with the Class&nbsp;A
The holder of the Class&nbsp;A Interests may initiate a liquidation of GMC under certain
circumstances
 including
 without limitation
 the bankruptcy of GMC or its subsidiaries
 GMC&#146;s failure to deliver the preferred distributions on the Class&nbsp;A Interests
 GMC&#146;s failure to comply with portfolio requirements
 breaches of
certain covenants
 lowering of our senior debt rating below either Baa3 by Moody&#146;s or BBB- by Standard&nbsp;&amp; Poor&#146;s
 and a failed attempt to remarket the Class&nbsp;A Interests. In the event of a liquidation of GMC
 each member of GMC


 plus any unpaid preferred return and the prescribed make-whole amount.
If we purchase these interests
 any change in the unrelated third-party investor&#146;s capital account from its original value will be charged directly to retained earnings and will increase or decrease the net earnings used to calculate EPS in


 2013
 we have issued guarantees and comfort letters of $356 million for the debt and other obligations of consolidated subsidiaries
 and guarantees and comfort letters of $259 million
for the debt and other obligations of non-consolidated affiliates
 mainly CPW. In addition
 off-balance sheet arrangements are generally limited to the future payments under non-cancelable operating leases
 which totaled $438 million as of
May&nbsp;26
As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 we had invested in four variable interest entities (VIEs). None of our VIEs are material to our
results of operations
 financial condition
 or liquidity as of and for the year ended May&nbsp;26
 2013. We determined whether or not we were the primary beneficiary (PB) of each VIE using a qualitative assessment that considered the VIE&#146;s
purpose and design
 the involvement of each of the interest holders
 and the risks and benefits of the VIE. We are the PB of three of the VIEs. We provided minimal financial or other support to our VIEs during fiscal 2013
 and there are no
Our defined benefit plans in the
United States are subject to the requirements of the Pension Protection Act (PPA). The PPA revised the basis and methodology for determining defined benefit plan minimum funding requirements as well as maximum contributions to and benefits paid from
tax-qualified plans. The PPA may ultimately require us to make additional contributions to our domestic plans. We made $200 million of voluntary contributions to our principal U.S. plans in each of fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012. We do not expect to be
required to make any contributions in fiscal 2014. Actual fiscal 2014 contributions could exceed our current projections
 and may be influenced by our decision to undertake discretionary funding of our benefit trusts or by changes in regulatory
requirements. Additionally
 our projections concerning timing of the PPA funding requirements are subject to change and may be influenced by factors such as general market conditions affecting trust asset performance
 interest rates
 and our future
decisions regarding certain elective provisions of the PPA. 
 



The following table summarizes our future estimated cash payments under existing contractual obligations
including payments due by period: 


















































7
372.8



1
442.0



1
680.8



1
100.0



$3
150.0







































































2
582.3



2
215.8

















10
488.2



3
844.2



1
985.7



1
301.9



3
356.4





1
816.3





















12
304.5



3
844.2



1
985.7



1
301.9



$3
356.4



























Amounts represent the expected cash payments of our long-term debt and do not include $4 million for capital leases or $7 million for net unamortized bond premiums and
discounts and fair value adjustments. 







The majority of the purchase obligations represent commitments for raw material and packaging to be utilized in the normal course of business and for consumer marketing
spending commitments that support our brands. For purposes of this table
 arrangements are considered purchase obligations if a contract specifies all significant terms
 including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased
 a pricing structure
 and
approximate timing of the transaction. Most arrangements are cancelable without a significant penalty and with short notice (usually 30 days). Any amounts reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as accounts payable and accrued liabilities are
excluded from the table above. 



The fair value of our foreign exchange
 equity
 commodity
 and grain derivative contracts with a payable position to the counterparty was $36 million as of May&nbsp;26
2013
 based on fair market values as of that date. Future changes in market values will impact the amount of cash ultimately paid or received to settle those instruments in the future. Other long-term obligations mainly consist of liabilities for
accrued compensation and benefits
 including the underfunded status of certain of our defined benefit pension
 other postretirement
 and postemployment plans
 and miscellaneous liabilities. We expect to pay $19 million of benefits from our unfunded
postemployment benefit plans and $14 million of deferred compensation in fiscal 2014. We are unable to reliably estimate the amount of these payments beyond fiscal 2014. As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 our total liability for uncertain tax positions and
accrued interest and penalties was $266 million. 
For a complete description of our significant accounting policies
 see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this report. Our
significant accounting estimates are those that have a meaningful impact on the reporting of our financial condition and results of operations. These estimates include our accounting for promotional expenditures
 valuation of long-lived assets
intangible assets
 redeemable interest
 stock-based compensation
 income taxes
 and defined benefit pension


customers and directly or indirectly with end consumers. These activities include: payments to customers to perform merchandising activities on our behalf
 such as advertising or in-store displays; discounts to our list prices to lower retail shelf
prices; payments to gain distribution of new products; coupons
 contests
 and other incentives; and media and advertising expenditures. The media and advertising expenditures are generally recognized as expense when the advertisement airs. The cost
of payments to customers and other consumer-related activities are recognized as the related revenue is recorded
 which generally precedes the actual cash expenditure. The recognition of these costs requires estimation of customer participation and
performance levels. These estimates are made based on the forecasted customer sales
 the timing and forecasted costs of promotional activities
 and other factors. Differences between estimated expenses and actual costs are normally insignificant and
are recognized as a change in management estimate in a subsequent period. Our accrued trade
 coupon
 and consumer marketing liabilities were $635 million as of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 and $561 million as of

 



 
May&nbsp;27
 2012. Because our total promotional expenditures (including amounts classified as a reduction of revenues) are significant
 if our estimates are inaccurate we would have to make
Valuation of Long-Lived Assets
Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an
asset (or asset group) may not be recoverable. An impairment loss would be recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows from the operation and disposition of the asset group are less than the carrying amount of the asset group. Asset
groups have identifiable cash flows independent of other asset groups. Measurement of an impairment loss would be based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset or asset group over its fair value. Fair value is measured using discounted
cash flows or independent appraisals
 as appropriate. 
Goodwill is not subject to amortization and is tested for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may
have occurred. Impairment testing is performed for each of our reporting units. We compare the carrying value of a reporting unit
 including goodwill
 to the fair value of the unit. Carrying value is based on the assets and liabilities associated
with the operations of that reporting unit
 which often requires allocation of shared or corporate items among reporting units. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 we revalue all assets and liabilities of the reporting
unit
 excluding goodwill
 to determine if the fair value of the net assets is greater than the net assets including goodwill. If the fair value of the net assets is less than the carrying amount of net assets including goodwill
 impairment has
occurred. Our estimates of fair value are determined based on a discounted cash flow model. Growth rates for sales and profits are determined using inputs from our annual long-range planning process. We also make estimates of discount rates
perpetuity growth assumptions
 market comparables
 and other factors. We performed our fiscal 2013 assessment as of November&nbsp;26
 2012
 and determined there was no impairment of goodwill for any of our reporting units as their related fair
We evaluate the useful lives of our other intangible assets
 mainly brands
 to
determine if they are finite or indefinite-lived. Reaching a determination on useful life requires significant judgments and assumptions regarding the future effects of obsolescence
 demand
 competition
 other economic factors (such as the stability
of the industry
 known technological advances
 legislative action that results in an uncertain or changing regulatory environment
 and expected changes in distribution channels)
 the level of required maintenance expenditures
 and the expected lives
of other related groups of assets. Intangible assets that are deemed to have definite lives are amortized on a straight-line basis
 over their useful lives
 generally ranging from 4 to 30 years. 
Our indefinite-lived intangible assets
 mainly intangible assets primarily associated with the 
 
 

 
 
 
brands
 are also tested for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be
recoverable. We performed our fiscal 2013 assessment of our brand intangibles as of November&nbsp;26
 2012. Our estimate of the fair value of the brands was based on a discounted cash flow model using inputs which included projected revenues from
our annual long-range plan
 assumed royalty rates that could be payable if we did not own the brands
 and a discount rate. As of our assessment date
 there was no impairment of any of our indefinite-lived intangible assets as their related fair
As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 we had $13.1 billion of goodwill and indefinite-lived
intangible assets. While we currently believe that the fair value of each intangible exceeds its carrying value and that those intangibles so classified will contribute indefinitely to our cash flows
 materially different assumptions regarding


 we assess our investments in our joint ventures if we have reason to believe an impairment may have occurred including
 but not limited to
 ongoing operating losses
 projected decreases in
earnings
 increases in the weighted average cost of capital or significant business disruptions. The significant assumptions used to estimate fair value include revenue growth and profitability
 royalty rates
 capital spending
 depreciation and
taxes
 foreign currency exchange rates and a discount rate. By their nature
 these projections and assumptions are uncertain. If we were to determine the current fair value of our investment was less than the carrying value of the investment
 then
we would assess if the shortfall was of a temporary or permanent nature and write down the investment to its fair value if we concluded the impairment is other than temporary. 
 





 2011
 we acquired a 51 percent controlling interest in Yoplait S.A.S.
 a consolidated entity. Sodiaal holds the remaining 49 percent interest in Yoplait S.A.S. Sodiaal has the ability to
put a limited portion of its redeemable interest to us at fair value once per year up to a maximum of 9 years. This put option requires us to classify Sodiaal&#146;s interest as a redeemable interest outside of equity on our Consolidated Balance
Sheets for as long as the put is exercisable by Sodiaal. When the put is no longer exercisable
 the redeemable interest will be reclassified to noncontrolling interests on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We adjust the value of the redeemable
interest through additional paid-in capital on our Consolidated Balance Sheets quarterly to the redeemable interest&#146;s redemption value
 which approximates its fair value. During the third quarter of fiscal 2013
 we adjusted the redeemable
interest&#146;s redemption value based on a discounted cash flow model. The significant assumptions used to estimate the redemption value include projected revenue growth and profitability from our long range plan
 capital spending
 depreciation and
taxes
 foreign currency rates
 and a discount rate. 
The valuation of stock options is a significant accounting estimate that requires us to use judgments and assumptions that are likely to have a material
impact on our financial statements. Annually
 we make predictive assumptions regarding future stock price volatility
 employee exercise behavior
 dividend yield


 excluding time periods of volatility we believe a marketplace participant would exclude
in estimating our stock price volatility. We also have considered
 but did not use
 implied volatility in our estimate
 because trading activity in options on our stock
 especially those with tenors of greater than 6 months
 is insufficient to
provide a reliable measure of expected volatility. If all other assumptions are held constant
 a one percentage point increase in our fiscal 2013 volatility assumption would increase the grant-date fair value of our fiscal 2013 option awards by 9
Our expected term represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding based on historical data to
estimate option exercises and employee terminations within the valuation model. Separate groups of employees have similar historical exercise behavior and therefore were aggregated into a single pool for valuation purposes. The weighted-average
expected term for all employee groups is presented in the table below. An increase in the expected term by 1 year
 leaving all other assumptions constant
 would increase the grant date fair value by 22 percent. 
The risk-free interest rate for periods during the expected term of the options is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve in effect at the
The estimated fair values of stock options granted and the assumptions used for the Black-Scholes option-pricing model were as
follows: 

































































































































To the extent that actual outcomes differ from our assumptions
 we are not required to true up grant-date fair
value-based expense to final intrinsic values. However
 these differences can impact the classification of cash tax benefits realized upon exercise of stock options
 as explained in the following two paragraphs. Furthermore
 historical data has a
significant bearing on our forward-looking assumptions. Significant variances between actual and predicted experience could lead to prospective revisions in our assumptions
 which could then significantly impact the year-over-year comparability of
stock-based compensation expense. 
 



Any corporate income tax benefit realized upon exercise or vesting of an award in excess of that previously
recognized in earnings (referred to as a windfall tax benefit) is presented in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as a financing cash flow. The actual impact on future years&#146; financing cash flows will depend
 in part
 on the volume of
employee stock option exercises during a particular year and the relationship between the exercise-date market value of the underlying stock and the original grant-date fair value previously determined for financial reporting purposes. 
Realized windfall tax benefits are credited to additional paid-in capital within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Realized shortfall tax benefits
(amounts which are less than that previously recognized in earnings) are first offset against the cumulative balance of windfall tax benefits
 if any
 and then charged directly to income tax expense
 potentially resulting in volatility in our
consolidated effective income tax rate. We calculated a cumulative amount of windfall tax benefits for the purpose of accounting for future shortfall tax benefits and currently have sufficient cumulative windfall tax benefits to absorb projected
arising shortfalls
 such that we do not currently expect future earnings to be affected by this provision. However
 as employee stock option exercise behavior is not within our control
 it is possible that materially different reported results could
occur if different assumptions or conditions were to prevail. 
We apply a more-likely-than-not threshold to the recognition and derecognition of uncertain tax positions. Accordingly
 we recognize the amount of tax
benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement. Future changes in judgment related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions will affect earnings in the quarter of such change.
We are subject to federal income taxes in the United States as well as various state
 local
 and foreign jurisdictions. A number of years may
elapse before an uncertain tax position is audited and finally resolved. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular uncertain tax position
 we believe that our liabilities for income taxes
reflect the most likely outcome. We adjust these liabilities
 as well as the related interest
 in light of changing facts and circumstances. Settlement of any particular position would usually require the use of cash. 
The number of years with open tax audits varies depending on the tax jurisdiction. Our major taxing jurisdictions include the United States (federal and
state) and Canada. Various tax examinations by United States state taxing authorities could be conducted for any open tax year
 which vary by jurisdiction
 but are generally from 3 to 5 years. 
The IRS initiated its audit of our fiscal 2011 and fiscal 2012 tax years during fiscal 2013. Currently
 several state examinations are in progress.
During fiscal 2013
 the IRS concluded its field examination of our 2009 and 2010 tax years. The IRS has proposed adjustments related to the
timing for deducting accrued bonus expenses. We believe our position is supported by substantial technical authority and have filed an appeal with the IRS Appeals Division. The audit closure and related proposed adjustments did not have a material
impact on our current year results of operations or financial position. If we are unsuccessful in defending our position with respect to accrued bonuses
 we will incur a one-time cash tax payment of approximately $80 million. As of May&nbsp;26
2013
Also during fiscal 2013
 the California Court of
Appeal issued an adverse decision concerning our state income tax apportionment calculations. We had previously recorded a $12 million increase in our total liabilities for uncertain tax positions in fiscal 2011 following an unfavorable decision by


 the issue
related to our 2003 fiscal year was resolved with no adjustment. The issue for fiscal years 2004 and 2005 is currently under review by 
 



 
the U.S. and Canadian competent authority divisions. The CRA initiated its audit of our fiscal years 2008 through 2011 during fiscal year 2013. The CRA audit for fiscal 2008 was closed with no
We do not anticipate that any United States or Canadian tax
As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 our total liability
for uncertain tax positions and accrued interest and penalties was $266 million. We expect to pay approximately $12 million related to uncertain tax positions and accrued interest in the next 12 months. We are not able to reasonably estimate the
Defined Benefit Pension
 Other
Postretirement and Postemployment Benefit Plans 
We have defined benefit pension plans covering most employees in the United States
 Canada
 France
 and the United Kingdom. Benefits for salaried
employees are based on length of service and final average compensation. Benefits for hourly employees include various monthly amounts for each year of credited service. Our funding policy is consistent with the requirements of applicable laws. We
made $200 million of voluntary contributions to our principal U.S. plans in each of fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012. We do not expect to be required to make any contributions in fiscal 2014. Our principal domestic retirement plan covering salaried
employees has a provision that any excess pension assets would be allocated to active participants if the plan is terminated within five years of a change in control. In fiscal 2012
 we announced changes to our U.S. defined benefit pension plans.
All new salaried employees hired on or after June&nbsp;1
 2013 are eligible for a new retirement program that does not include a defined benefit pension plan. Current salaried employees remain in the existing defined benefit pension plan with


 Canada
 and Brazil. The United States salaried health care benefit plan is contributory
 with
retiree contributions based on years of service. We make decisions to fund related trusts for certain employees and retirees on an annual basis. We did not make voluntary contributions to these plans in fiscal 2013. The Patient Protection and
Affordable Care Act
 as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively
 the Act)
 was signed into law in March 2010. We continue to evaluate the effect of the Act
 including its potential impact on the future cost


 we also provide accruable benefits to former or inactive employees in the United States
 Canada
 and Mexico
 and members of our Board of Directors
 including severance and
certain other benefits payable upon death. We recognize an obligation for any of these benefits that vest or accumulate with service. Postemployment benefits that do not vest or accumulate with service (such as severance based solely on annual pay
We recognize benefits
provided during retirement or following employment over the plan participants&#146; active working life. Accordingly
 we make various assumptions to predict and measure costs and obligations many years prior to the settlement of our obligations.
Assumptions that require significant management judgment and have a material impact on the measurement of our net periodic benefit expense or income and accumulated benefit obligations include the long-term rates of return on plan assets
 the
interest rates used to discount the obligations for our benefit plans
Expected Rate of Return on
Our expected rate of return on plan assets is determined by our asset allocation
 our historical long-term investment
performance
 our estimate of future long-term returns by asset class (using input from our actuaries
 investment services
 and investment managers)
 and long-term inflation assumptions. We review this assumption annually for each plan
 however
 our
annual investment performance for one particular year does not
 by itself
 significantly influence our evaluation. 
 



The investment objective for our defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans is to secure
the benefit obligations to participants at a reasonable cost to us. Our goal is to optimize the long-term return on plan assets at a moderate level of risk. The defined benefit pension plan and other postretirement benefit plan portfolios are
broadly diversified across asset classes. Within asset classes
 the portfolios are further diversified across investment styles and investment organizations. For the defined benefit pension plans
 the long-term investment policy allocation is: 25
percent to equities in the United States; 15 percent to international equities; 10 percent to private equities; 35 percent to fixed income; and 15 percent to real assets (real estate
 energy
 and timber). For other postretirement benefit plans
 the
long-term investment policy allocations are: 30 percent to equities in the United States; 20 percent to international equities; 10 percent to private equities; 30 percent to fixed income; and 10 percent to real assets (real estate
 energy
 and


 4.5 percent
 9.5 percent
 7.9
percent
 and 9.5 percent for the 1
 5
 10
 15
 and 20 year periods ended May&nbsp;26
On a weighted-average basis
 the expected rate of
return for all defined benefit plans was 8.53 percent for fiscal 2013
 9.52 percent for fiscal 2012
 and 9.53 percent for fiscal 2011. During fiscal 2012
 we lowered our weighted-average expected rate of return on plan assets for our principal
defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans in the United States to 8.6 percent due to generally lower expectations for long-term rates of return across our asset classes due to the recent global economic slowdown and our expectation of
Lowering the expected long-term rate of return on assets by 100 basis points would increase our net
pension and postretirement expense by $56 million for fiscal 2014. A market-related valuation basis is used to reduce year-to-year expense volatility. The market-related valuation recognizes certain investment gains or losses over a five-year period
from the year in which they occur. Investment gains or losses for this purpose are the difference between the expected return calculated using the market-related value of assets and the actual return based on the market-related value of assets. Our
outside actuaries perform these calculations as part of our determination of annual expense or income. 
Our discount rate assumptions are determined annually as of the last day of our fiscal year for our defined benefit pension
 other postretirement
 and
postemployment benefit plan obligations. We also use the same discount rates to determine defined benefit pension
 other postretirement
 and postemployment benefit plan income and expense for the following fiscal year. We work with our outside
actuaries to determine the timing and amount of expected future cash outflows to plan participants and
 using the Aa Above Median corporate bond yield
 to develop a forward interest rate curve
 including a margin to that index based on our credit
Our
weighted-average discount rates were as follows: 






























Obligations as of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 and fiscal 2014 expense













Obligations as of May&nbsp;27
 2012
 and fiscal 2013 expense








































Lowering the discount rates by 100 basis points would increase our net defined benefit pension
 other postretirement
 and
postemployment benefit plan expense for fiscal 2014 by approximately $89 million. All obligation-related experience gains and losses are amortized using a straight-line method over the average remaining service period of active plan participants.

 





recent plan experience
 plan design
 overall industry experience and projections
 and assumptions used by other similar organizations. Our initial health care cost trend rate is adjusted as necessary to remain consistent with this review
 recent
experiences
 and short-term expectations. Our initial health care cost trend rate assumption is 8.0 percent for all retirees at the end of fiscal 2013. Rates are graded down annually until the ultimate trend rate of 5.2 percent is reached in 2019
for all retirees. The trend rates are applicable for calculations only if the retirees&#146; benefits increase as a result of health care inflation. The ultimate trend rate is adjusted annually
 as necessary
 to approximate the current economic view
on the rate of long-term inflation plus an appropriate health care cost premium. Assumed trend rates for health care costs have an important effect on the amounts reported for the other postretirement benefit plans. 






































Effect on the other postretirement accumulated benefit obligation as of May&nbsp;26
 2013


















Any arising health care claims cost-related experience gain or loss is recognized in the calculation of expected future
claims. Once recognized
 experience gains and losses are amortized using a straight-line method over 15 years


 we recorded net defined benefit pension
 other
postretirement
 and postemployment benefit plan expense of $159 million compared to $106 million of expense in fiscal 2012 and $95 million of expense in fiscal 2011. As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 we had cumulative unrecognized actuarial net losses of
$1.6 billion on our defined benefit pension plans and $176 million on our postretirement and postemployment benefit plans
 mainly as the result of liability increases from lower interest rates
 partially offset by recent increases in the values of
plan assets. These unrecognized actuarial net losses will result in increases in our future pension expense and increases in postretirement expense since they currently exceed the corridors defined by GAAP. 
We use the 2013 IRS Static Mortality Table projected forward to our plans&#146; measurement dates to calculate the year-end defined benefit pension
other postretirement
Actual future net defined benefit pension
 other
postretirement
 and postemployment benefit plan income or expense will depend on investment performance
 changes in future discount rates
 changes in health care cost trend rates
 and other factors related to the populations participating in these
The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act
 as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively
the Act)
 was signed into law in March 2010. The Act codifies health care reforms with staggered effective dates from 2010 to 2018 with many provisions in the Act requiring the issuance of additional guidance from various government agencies.
Estimates of the future impacts of several of the Act&#146;s provisions are incorporated into our postretirement benefit liability. Given the complexity of the Act
 the extended time period over which the reforms will be implemented
 and the unknown
impact of future regulatory guidance
 further financial impacts to our postretirement benefit liability and related future expense may occur. 
 





 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB)&nbsp;issued new accounting disclosure requirements about the nature and exposure of offsetting arrangements related to financial and
derivative instruments. The requirements are effective for fiscal years beginning after January&nbsp;1
 2013
 which for us is the first quarter of fiscal 2014. The requirements will not impact our results of operations or financial position.
In February 2013
 the FASB issued new disclosure requirements for items reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI).
The requirements do not change the existing accounting and reporting for net income or other comprehensive income (OCI). The requirements are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2012
 and interim periods within
those annual periods


are not defined by GAAP. Management and the Board of Directors believe that these measures provide useful information to investors
 and include these measures in other communications to investors. 
For each of these non-GAAP financial measures
 we are providing below a reconciliation of the differences between the non-GAAP measure and the most
directly comparable GAAP measure
 an explanation of why our management or the Board of Directors believes the non-GAAP measure provides useful information to investors
 and any additional purposes for which our management or Board of Directors uses
the non-GAAP measure. These non-GAAP measures should be viewed in addition to
 and not in lieu of
Total
This measure is used in reporting to our executive management and as a component of the Board of
Director&#146;s measurement of our performance for incentive compensation purposes. Management and the Board of Directors believe that this measure provides useful information to investors because it is the profitability measure we use to evaluate
segment performance. A reconciliation of this measure to operating profit
 the relevant GAAP measure
 is included in Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this report. 


Board of Directors believe that this measure provides useful information to investors because it is the profitability measure we use to evaluate earnings performance on a comparable year-over-year basis. The adjustments are either items resulting
from infrequently occurring events or items that
 in management&#146;s judgment
 significantly affect the year-over-year assessment of operating results. 
 



The reconciliation of diluted EPS excluding certain items affecting comparability to diluted EPS
 the
relevant GAAP measure
 follows: 














































Diluted earnings per share
 as reported











































Divestitures gain
 net (b)













































































































Diluted earnings per share
 excluding certain items affecting comparability














































See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II
 Item&nbsp;8 of this report. 











The fiscal 2013 tax items consist of a reduction to income taxes related to the restructuring of our GMC subsidiary and an increase to income taxes related to the
liquidation of a corporate investment. Additionally
 fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2010 include changes in deferred taxes associated with the Medicare Part D subsidies related to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act
 as amended by the Health Care
and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010. The fiscal 2011 and fiscal 2009 tax items represent the effects of court decisions and audit settlements on uncertain tax matters. 







See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II


management and as a component of the Board of Director&#146;s measurement of our performance for incentive compensation purposes. Management and the Board of Directors believe that this measure provides useful information to investors because it is
important for assessing the utilization of capital and it eliminates certain items which affect year-to-year comparability. 
 



























































Net earnings
 including earnings attributable to redeemable and noncontrolling interests


1
892.5



1
589.1



1
803.5



1
535.0



1
313.7&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;






Interest
 net
 after-tax




























Earnings before interest
 after-tax


2
093.7



1
828.0



2
047.0



1
796.1



1
554.5&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;














































































































Divestitures gain
 net


























































Earnings before interest
 after-tax for return on capital calculation


2
030.2



1
967.6



1
898.1



1
835.6



1
617.1&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
















1
443.3







1
031.3





























1
050.1







2
208.8&nbsp;





5
926.1



6
161.9



5
542.5



5
268.5



5
754.8&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



4
348.7&nbsp;








7
969.1



7
429.6



6
885.1



6
425.9



7
075.5&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



6
999.5&nbsp;

























































6
672.2



6
421.7



6
365.5



5
402.9



5
172.3&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



6
212.2&nbsp;








16
065.1



15
160.1



13
497.3



12
073.9



12
492.0&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



13
458.3&nbsp;





1
585.3



1
743.7



1
010.8



1
486.9










































17
416.0



16
732.9



14
197.6



13
399.2



13
168.7&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



13
021.5&nbsp;








17
074.5



15
465.3



13
798.4



13
283.9



13
095.1&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


















































<FONT

underlying performance in markets outside the United States by excluding the effect that foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations have on year-to-year comparability given volatility in foreign exchange markets. 
To present this information
 current period results for entities reporting in currencies other than United States dollars are translated into United
States dollars at the average exchange rates in effect during the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year
 rather than the actual average exchange rates in effect during the current fiscal year. Therefore
 the foreign currency impact is equal
to current year results in local currencies multiplied by the change in the average foreign currency exchange rate between the current fiscal period and the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year. 
 










































































































































as
Reported
































































































CAUTIONARY STATEMENT RELEVANT TO FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSE OF &#147;SAFE HARBOR&#148; PROVISIONS OF
This report contains or incorporates by reference forward-looking statements within
the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that are based on our current expectations and assumptions. We also may make written or oral forward-looking statements
 including statements contained in our filings with the SEC
The words or phrases &#147;will likely result
&#148; &#147;are expected to
&#148; &#147;will
continue
&#148; &#147;is anticipated
&#148; &#147;estimate
&#148; &#147;plan
&#148; &#147;project
&#148; or similar expressions identify &#147;forward-looking statements&#148; within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results and those currently anticipated or projected. We wish to caution you not to place undue reliance on any
In connection with the &#147;safe harbor&#148; provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995
 we are identifying important factors that could affect our financial performance and could cause our actual results in future periods to differ materially from any current opinions or statements. 
Our future results could be affected by a variety of factors
 such as: competitive dynamics in the consumer foods industry and the markets for our
products
 including new product introductions
 advertising activities
 pricing actions
 and promotional activities of our competitors; economic conditions
 including changes in inflation rates
 interest rates
 tax rates
 or the availability of
capital; product development and innovation; consumer acceptance of new products and product improvements; consumer reaction to pricing actions and changes in promotion levels; acquisitions or dispositions of businesses or assets; changes in capital
structure; changes in laws and regulations
 including labeling and advertising regulations; impairments in the carrying value of goodwill
 other intangible assets
 or other long-lived assets
 or changes in the useful lives of other intangible
assets; changes in accounting standards and the impact of significant accounting estimates; product quality and safety issues
 including recalls and product liability; changes in consumer demand for our products; effectiveness of advertising
marketing
 and promotional programs; changes in consumer behavior
 trends
 and preferences
 including weight loss trends; consumer perception of health-related issues
 including obesity; consolidation in the retail environment; changes in

 



 
purchasing and inventory levels of significant customers; fluctuations in the cost and availability of supply chain resources
 including raw materials
 packaging
 and energy; disruptions or
inefficiencies in the supply chain; volatility in the market value of derivatives used to manage price risk for certain commodities; benefit plan expenses due to changes in plan asset values and discount rates used to determine plan liabilities;
failure or breach of our information technology systems; foreign economic conditions
 including currency rate fluctuations; and political unrest in foreign markets and economic uncertainty due to terrorism or war. 
You should also consider the risk factors that we identify in Item&nbsp;1A of this report
 which could also affect our future results. 
We undertake no obligation to publicly revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of those statements or to
reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 





flows. In the normal course of business
 we actively manage our exposure to these market risks by entering into various hedging transactions
 authorized under established policies that place clear controls on these activities. The counterparties in
these transactions are generally highly rated institutions. We establish credit limits for each counterparty. Our hedging transactions include but are not limited to a variety of derivative financial instruments. 
We are exposed to
interest rate volatility with regard to future issuances of fixed-rate debt
 and existing and future issuances of floating-rate debt. Primary exposures include U.S. Treasury rates
 LIBOR
 Euribor
 and commercial paper rates in the United States and
Europe. We use interest rate swaps
 forward-starting interest rate swaps
 and treasury locks to hedge our exposure to interest rate changes
 to reduce the volatility of our financing costs
 and to achieve a desired proportion of fixed versus
floating-rate debt
 based on current and projected market conditions. Generally under these swaps
 we agree with a counterparty to exchange the difference between fixed-rate and floating-rate interest amounts based on an agreed upon notional
As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 we had interest rate swaps with $550 million of aggregate notional principal amount outstanding
all of which converts fixed-rate notes to floating-rate notes. In advance of a planned debt refinancing
 we had $250 million net notional amount of treasury locks as of May&nbsp;26


subsidiaries and foreign currency cash flows related to third party purchases
 intercompany loans
 product shipments
 and foreign-denominated commercial paper. We are also exposed to the translation of foreign currency earnings to the U.S. dollar.
Our principal exposures are to the Australian dollar
 Brazilian real
 British pound sterling
 Canadian dollar
 Chinese renminbi
 euro
 Japanese yen
 Mexican peso
 and Swiss franc. We mainly use foreign currency forward contracts to selectively hedge
our foreign currency cash flow exposures. We also generally swap our foreign-denominated commercial paper borrowings and nonfunctional currency intercompany loans back to U.S. dollars or the functional currency of the entity with foreign exchange
exposure; the gains or losses on these derivatives offset the foreign currency revaluation gains or losses recorded in earnings on the associated borrowings. We generally do not hedge more than 18 months forward. 
We also have many net investments in foreign subsidiaries that are denominated in euros. We previously hedged a portion of these net investments by
issuing euro-denominated commercial paper and foreign exchange forward contracts. As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 we had deferred net foreign currency transaction losses of $96 million in AOCI associated with hedging activity. 
 





including grains (oats
 wheat
 and corn)
 oils (principally soybean)
 non-fat dry milk
 natural gas
 and diesel fuel. Our primary objective when entering into these derivative contracts is to achieve certainty with regard to the future price of
commodities purchased for use in our supply chain. We manage our exposures through a combination of purchase orders
 long-term contracts with suppliers
 exchange-traded futures and options
 and over-the-counter options and swaps. We offset our


 2013
 the net notional value of commodity derivatives was $526 million
 of which $297 million related to agricultural inputs and $229 million related to energy inputs. These contracts
relate to inputs that generally will be utilized within the next 12 months. 
Equity price movements affect our compensation expense as certain investments made by our employees in our deferred compensation plan are revalued. We
use equity swaps to manage this risk. As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
VALUE AT RISK
The estimates in the table below are intended to measure the maximum potential fair value we could lose in one day from adverse changes
in market interest rates
 foreign exchange rates
 commodity prices
 and equity prices under normal market conditions. A Monte Carlo value-at-risk (VAR) methodology was used to quantify the market risk for our exposures. The models assumed normal
The VAR calculation used historical interest rates
 foreign exchange rates
 and
commodity and equity prices from the past year to estimate the potential volatility and correlation of these rates in the future. The market data were drawn from the RiskMetrics&#153; data set. The calculations are not intended to represent actual
losses in fair value that we expect to incur. Further
 since the hedging instrument (the derivative) inversely correlates with the underlying exposure
 we would expect that any loss or gain in the fair value of our derivatives would be generally
offset by an increase or decrease in the fair value of the underlying exposure. The positions included in the calculations were: debt; investments; interest rate swaps; foreign exchange forwards; commodity swaps
 futures and options; and equity


 foreign currency
 commodity
 and equity market-risk-sensitive instruments
outstanding as of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 and May&nbsp;27
 2012
 and the average fair value impact during the year ended May&nbsp;26
 2013. 























May&nbsp;26









May&nbsp;27










































































 








 Inc. is
responsible for the fairness and accuracy of the consolidated financial statements. The statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles that are generally accepted in the United States
 using management&#146;s best estimates


 in
accordance with management&#146;s authorization. We maintain a strong audit program that independently evaluates the adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls. Our internal controls provide for appropriate separation of duties and
responsibilities
 and there are documented policies regarding use of our assets and proper financial reporting. These formally stated and regularly communicated policies demand highly ethical conduct from all employees. 
The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors meets regularly with management
 internal auditors
 and our independent registered public accounting firm
to review internal control
 auditing
 and financial reporting matters. The independent registered public accounting firm
 internal auditors
 and employees have full and free access to the Audit Committee at any time. 
The Audit Committee reviewed and approved the Company&#146;s annual financial statements. The Audit Committee recommended
 and the Board of Directors
approved
 that the consolidated financial statements be included in the Annual Report. The Audit Committee also appointed KPMG LLP to serve as the Company&#146;s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal 2014
 subject to ratification
by the stockholders at the annual meeting. 



































July&nbsp;3
 2013 
 



 

General Mills
We have audited the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets of General Mills
 Inc. and subsidiaries as of May&nbsp;26
 2013 and May&nbsp;27
 2012
 and the related consolidated statements of earnings
 comprehensive income
 total equity and redeemable interest
 and cash
flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended May&nbsp;26
 2013. In connection with our audits of the consolidated financial statements
 we have audited the accompanying financial statement schedule. We also have audited General
Mills
 Inc.&#146;s internal control over financial reporting as of May&nbsp;26
 2013
&nbsp;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (COSO). General Mills
 Inc.&#146;s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule
 for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
 and for its
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 included in Management&#146;s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements
We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial
reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the
assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
A company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(1)&nbsp;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the company; and (3)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company&#146;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of General
Mills
 Inc. and subsidiaries as of May&nbsp;26
 2013 and May&nbsp;27
 2012
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended May&nbsp;26
 2013
 in conformity with U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion
 the accompanying financial statement schedule
 when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole
 presents fairly
 in all material respects
 the
information set forth therein. Also in our opinion
 General Mills
 Inc. maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of May&nbsp;26
 2013

Integrated Framework (1992)
Minneapolis
July&nbsp;3
 2013

 



 
GENERAL MILLS


 Except per Share Data) 








































17
774.1



16
657.9



14
880.2










11
350.2



10
613.2



8
926.7







Selling
 general
 and administrative expenses


3
552.3



3
380.7



3
192.0


























Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs



































2
851.8



2
562.4



2
774.5







Interest
 net



































2
534.9



2
210.5



2
428.2



























































Net earnings
 including earnings attributable to redeemable and noncontrolling interests


1
892.5



1
589.1



1
803.5











































1
855.2



1
567.3



1
798.3



















































































































 



 
GENERAL MILLS







































Net earnings
 including earnings attributable to redeemable and noncontrolling interests


1
892.5



1
589.1



1
803.5







Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax:
























































































































































































Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax



































2
074.7







2
280.3











































2
013.6







2
274.4
















 



 
GENERAL MILLS


 Except Par Value) 














May 26



May 27




































1
446.4



1
323.6





1
545.5



1
478.8







































4
298.9



3
691.4






Land
 buildings
 and equipment


3
878.1



3
652.7





8
622.2



8
182.5





5
015.1



4
704.9





























22
658.0



21
096.8







































1
423.2



1
148.9





1
443.3



















1
827.7



1
426.6



















5
293.9



3
843.2









5
926.1



6
161.9





1
389.1



1
171.4





1
952.9



2
189.8



















14
562.0



13
366.3












































Common stock
 754.6 shares issued
 $0.10 par value












1
166.6



1
308.4





10
702.6



9
958.5


Common stock in treasury
 at cost
 shares of 113.8 and 106.1


(3
687.2



(3
177.0





(1
585.3



(1
743.7



















6
672.2



6
421.7

































7
128.5



6
882.7



















22
658.0



21
096.8












 



 
GENERAL MILLS


 Except per Share Data) 








































































(One
Billion Shares Authorized)













































































Balance as of May&nbsp;30
 2010










1
307.1







(2
615.2



8
122.4



(1
486.9







5
648.0





























1
798.3











2
280.3



































































(1
163.5















(1
163.5














































































































































































Balance as of May&nbsp;29
 2011










1
319.8







(3
210.3



9
191.3



(1
010.8







6
612.2





























1
567.3


































































































































































































































































































































































Balance as of May&nbsp;27
 2012










$1
308.4







$(3
177.0



$&nbsp;&nbsp;9
958.5



$(1
743.7







$&nbsp;&nbsp;6
882.7





























1
855.2











2
031.9





























(1
111.1











(1
111.1

























(1
014.9















(1
044.9
























































































































































































































Balance as of May&nbsp;26
 2013










$1
166.6







$(3
687.2)



$10
702.6



$(1
585.3)







$&nbsp;&nbsp;7
128.5
















































 



 
GENERAL MILLS
















































Net earnings
 including earnings attributable to redeemable and noncontrolling interests


1
892.5



1
589.1



1
803.5














































































































































Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs













Changes in current assets and liabilities
 excluding the effects of acquisitions













Other
 net



































2
926.0



2
407.2



1
531.1



































Purchases of land
 buildings
 and equipment













Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired






(1
050.1






Investments in affiliates
 net













Proceeds from disposal of land
 buildings
 and equipment









































Other
 net



































(1
515.4



(1
870.8
























































1
001.1



1
390.5



1
200.0









(1
450.1





































(1
044.9







(1
163.5






























Other
 net



































(1
140.2









































































































































Cash Flow from Changes in Current Assets and Liabilities
 excluding the effects of acquisitions:


































































































































 



 
GENERAL MILLS


Our Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of General Mills
 Inc. and all subsidiaries in which we have a controlling
financial interest. Intercompany transactions and accounts
 including any noncontrolling and redeemable interests&#146; share of those transactions




ends of all our operations
 we have changed the reporting period of certain countries within our International segment from an April fiscal year end to a May fiscal year end to match our fiscal calendar. Accordingly
 in the year of change
 our
results include 13 months of results from the affected operations compared to 12 months in previous fiscal years. We changed the reporting period for our operations in Europe and Australia in fiscal 2013
 and we changed the reporting period for our
operations in China in fiscal 2012. The impact of these changes was not material to our consolidated results of operations and
 therefore
 we did not restate prior period financial statements for comparability. Our Yoplait S.A.S.
 Yoplait Marques
S.A.S.
 Yoki Alimentos S.A. (Yoki)
Certain reclassifications to our previously
NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING

<FONT

lower of cost
 using the last-in
 first-out (LIFO) method
 or market. Grain inventories and all related cash contracts and derivatives are valued at market with all net changes in value recorded in earnings currently. 
Inventories outside of the United States are generally valued at the lower of cost
 using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method
 or market. 
Shipping costs associated with the distribution of finished product to our customers are recorded as cost of sales
 and are recognized when the related
Land
 Buildings
 Equipment
 and Depreciation 
Land is recorded at historical cost. Buildings and equipment
 including capitalized interest and internal engineering costs
 are recorded at cost and
depreciated over estimated useful lives
 primarily using the straight-line method. Ordinary maintenance and repairs are charged to cost of sales. Buildings are usually depreciated over 40 to 50 years
 and equipment
 furniture
 and software are
usually depreciated over 3 to 10 years. Fully depreciated assets are retained in buildings and equipment until disposal. When an item is sold or retired
 the accounts are relieved of its cost and related accumulated depreciation and the resulting
gains and losses
 if any
 are recognized in earnings. As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
Long-lived assets are
reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset (or asset group) may not be recoverable. An impairment loss would be recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows from the
operation and disposition of the asset group are less than the carrying amount of the asset group. Asset groups have identifiable cash flows and are largely independent of other asset groups. Measurement of an impairment loss would be based on the
excess of the carrying amount of the asset group over its fair value. Fair value is measured using a discounted cash flow model or independent appraisals
 as appropriate. 
 





for each of our reporting units. We compare the carrying value of a reporting unit
 including goodwill
 to the fair value of the unit. Carrying value is based on the assets and liabilities associated with the operations of that reporting unit
 which
often requires allocation of shared or corporate items among reporting units. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 we revalue all assets and liabilities of the reporting unit
 excluding goodwill
 to determine if the
fair value of the net assets is greater than the net assets including goodwill. If the fair value of the net assets is less than the carrying amount of net assets including goodwill
 impairment has occurred. Our estimates of fair value are
determined based on a discounted cash flow model. Growth rates for sales and profits are determined using inputs from our annual long-range planning process. We also make estimates of discount rates
 perpetuity growth assumptions
 market
comparables
 and other factors. We performed our fiscal 2013 assessment as of November&nbsp;26
 2012
 and determined there was no impairment of goodwill for any of our reporting units as their related fair values were substantially in excess of
We evaluate the useful lives of our other intangible assets
 mainly brands
 to determine if they are finite or
indefinite-lived. Reaching a determination on useful life requires significant judgments and assumptions regarding the future effects of obsolescence
 demand
 competition
 other economic factors (such as the stability of the industry
 known
technological advances
 legislative action that results in an uncertain or changing regulatory environment
 and expected changes in distribution channels)
 the level of required maintenance expenditures
 and the expected lives of other related
groups of assets. Intangible assets that are deemed to have definite lives are amortized on a straight-line basis
 over their useful lives


 mainly intangible assets primarily associated with the 
 
 
 
 

Paso
 
brands
 are also tested for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. We performed our fiscal 2013 assessment of
our brand intangibles as of November&nbsp;26
 2012. Our estimate of the fair value of the brands was based on a discounted cash flow model using inputs which included projected revenues from our annual long-range plan
 assumed royalty rates that
could be payable if we did not own the brands
 and a discount rate. As of our assessment date
 there was no impairment of any of our indefinite-lived intangible assets as their related fair values were substantially in excess of the carrying values.
Our finite-lived intangible assets
 primarily acquired franchise agreements and customer relationships
 are reviewed for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. An impairment loss would be recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows from the operation and disposition of the asset are less
than the carrying amount of the asset. Assets generally have identifiable cash flows and are largely independent of other assets. Measurement of an impairment loss would be based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset over its fair value.
Fair value is measured using a discounted cash flow model or other similar valuation model
Investments in Joint
Our investments in companies over which we have the ability to exercise significant influence are stated at cost plus our
share of undistributed earnings or losses. We receive royalty income from certain joint ventures
 incur various expenses (primarily research and development)
 and record the tax impact of certain joint venture operations that are structured as
partnerships. In addition
 we make advances to our joint ventures in the form of loans or capital investments. We also sell certain raw materials
 semi-finished goods
 and finished goods to the joint ventures
 generally at market prices. 
In addition
 we assess our investments in our joint ventures if we have reason to believe an impairment may have occurred including
 but not limited to
ongoing operating losses
 projected decreases in earnings
 increases in the weighted average cost of capital or significant business disruptions. The significant assumptions used to estimate fair value include revenue growth and profitability
royalty rates
 capital spending
 depreciation and taxes
 foreign 
 



 
currency exchange rates and a discount rate. By their nature
 these projections and assumptions are uncertain. If we were to determine the current fair value of our investment was less than the
carrying value of the investment
 then we would assess if the shortfall was of a temporary or permanent nature and write down the investment to its fair value if we concluded the impairment is other than temporary. 
On
July&nbsp;1
 2011
 we acquired a 51 percent controlling interest in Yoplait S.A.S.
 a consolidated entity. Sodiaal International (Sodiaal) holds the remaining 49 percent interest in Yoplait S.A.S. Sodiaal has the ability to put a limited portion of
its redeemable interest to us at fair value once per year up to a maximum of 9 years. This put option requires us to classify Sodiaal&#146;s interest as a redeemable interest outside of equity on our Consolidated Balance Sheets for as long as the
put is exercisable by Sodiaal. When the put is no longer exercisable
 the redeemable interest will be reclassified to noncontrolling interests on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We adjust the value of the redeemable interest through additional
paid-in capital on our Consolidated Balance Sheets quarterly to the redeemable interest&#146;s redemption value
 which approximates its fair value. During the third quarter of fiscal 2013
 we adjusted the redeemable interest&#146;s redemption value
based on a discounted cash flow model. The significant assumptions used to estimate the redemption value include projected revenue growth and profitability from our long range plan
 capital spending
 depreciation and taxes
 foreign currency rates


 2013
 we had invested in four variable interest entities (VIEs). None of our VIEs are material to our results of operations
 financial condition
 or liquidity as of and for the year
ended May&nbsp;26
 2013. We determined whether or not we were the primary beneficiary (PB) of each VIE using a qualitative assessment that considered the VIE&#146;s purpose and design
 the involvement of each of the interest holders
 and the risks
and benefits of the VIE. We are the PB of three of the VIEs. We provided minimal financial or other support to our VIEs during fiscal 2013
 and there are no arrangements related to VIEs that would require us to provide significant financial support


 trade
promotion and other costs
 including estimated allowances for returns
 unsalable product
 and prompt pay discounts. Sales
 use
 value-added
 and other excise taxes are not recognized in revenue. Coupons are recorded when distributed
 based on
estimated redemption rates. Trade promotions are recorded based on estimated participation and performance levels for offered programs at the time of sale. We generally do not allow a right of return. However
 on a limited case-by-case basis with
prior approval
 we may allow customers to return product. In limited circumstances
 product returned in saleable condition is resold to other customers or outlets. Receivables from customers generally do not bear interest. Terms and collection
patterns vary around the world and by channel. The allowance for doubtful accounts represents our estimate of probable non-payments and credit losses in our existing receivables
 as determined based on a review of past due balances and other
Environmental
Environmental costs relating to existing conditions caused by past operations that do not contribute to current or future revenues are
expensed. Liabilities for anticipated remediation costs are recorded on an undiscounted basis when they are probable and reasonably estimable
 generally no later than the completion of feasibility studies or our commitment to a plan of action.


All
expenditures for research and development (R&amp;D) are charged against earnings in the year incurred. R&amp;D includes expenditures for new product and manufacturing process innovation
 and the annual expenditures are comprised primarily of
internal salaries
 wages
 consulting
 and other supplies attributable to time spent on R&amp;D activities. Other costs include depreciation and maintenance of research facilities
 including assets at facilities that are engaged in pilot plant
activities. 
 





 the functional currency is the local currency. Assets and liabilities of these operations are translated at the period-end exchange rates. Income statement accounts
are translated using the average exchange rates prevailing during the year. Translation adjustments are reflected within accumulated other comprehensive loss (AOCI) in stockholders&#146; equity. Gains and losses from foreign currency transactions
are included in net earnings for the period
 except for gains and losses on investments in subsidiaries for which settlement is not planned for the foreseeable future and foreign exchange gains and losses on instruments designated as net investment
hedges. These gains and losses are recorded in AOCI. 
All derivatives are recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value based on quoted market prices or our estimate of their fair value
 and are
recorded in either current or noncurrent assets or liabilities based on their maturity. Changes in the fair values of derivatives are recorded in net earnings or other comprehensive income
 based on whether the instrument is designated and effective
as a hedge transaction and
 if so
 the type of hedge transaction. Gains or losses on derivative instruments reported in AOCI are reclassified to earnings in the period the hedged item affects earnings. If the underlying hedged transaction ceases to
exist


restricted stock units using the value of a share of our stock on the date of grant. We estimate the value of stock option grants using a Black-Scholes valuation model. Stock compensation is recognized straight line over the vesting period. Our
stock compensation expense is recorded in selling
 general and administrative (SG&amp;A) expenses and cost of sales in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and allocated to each reportable segment in our segment results. 
Certain equity-based compensation plans contain provisions that accelerate vesting of awards upon retirement
 termination or death of eligible employees
and directors. We consider a stock-based award to be vested when the employee&#146;s retention of the award is no longer contingent on providing subsequent service. Accordingly
 the related compensation cost is recognized immediately for awards
granted to retirement-eligible individuals or over the period from the grant date to the date retirement eligibility is achieved


 thereby reducing net operating cash flows and increasing net financing cash flows. 
Defined Benefit Pension
 Other Postretirement


 health care
 and other welfare benefits to retired employees. Under certain circumstances
 we also provide accruable
benefits to former or inactive employees in the United States and Canada and members of our Board of Directors
 including severance and certain other benefits payable upon death. We recognize an obligation for any of these benefits that vest or
accumulate with service. Postemployment benefits that do not vest or accumulate with service (such as severance based solely on annual pay rather than years of service) are charged to expense when incurred. Our postemployment benefit plans are
We recognize the underfunded or overfunded status of a defined benefit postretirement plan as an asset or liability and recognize
changes in the funded status in the year in which the changes occur through AOCI. 
Preparing our Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires us to make
estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting
period. These estimates include our accounting for promotional expenditures
 valuation of long-lived assets
 intangible assets
 redeemable interest
 stock-based compensation
 income taxes
 and defined benefit pension
 post-retirement and
post-employment benefits. Actual results could differ from our estimates. 
 





 we adopted new accounting guidance for the presentation of other comprehensive income (OCI). This guidance requires entities to present net income and OCI in either a single continuous
statement or in separate consecutive statements. The guidance does not change the components of net income or OCI
 when OCI should be reclassified to net income
 or the earnings per share (EPS) calculation. This guidance did not have an impact our
In fiscal 2013
 we adopted new accounting guidance intended to simplify indefinite-lived
intangible asset impairment testing. Entities are allowed to perform a qualitative assessment of indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment to determine whether a quantitative assessment is necessary. We adopted this guidance for our annual
indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment test for fiscal 2013
 which was conducted as of the first day of the third quarter. The adoption of this guidance did not have an impact on our results of operations or financial position. 
In fiscal 2012
 we adopted new accounting guidance for fair value measurements providing common fair value measurement and disclosure requirements. The
In fiscal 2012
 we adopted new
accounting guidance on employer&#146;s disclosures about participation in multiemployer benefit plans. The adoption of the guidance did not have an impact on our results of operations or financial condition. 
In fiscal 2012
 we adopted new accounting guidance intended to simplify goodwill impairment testing. Entities are allowed to perform a qualitative
assessment of goodwill impairment to determine whether a quantitative assessment is necessary. We adopted this guidance for our annual goodwill impairment test for fiscal 2012. The adoption of this guidance did not have an impact on our results of
In fiscal 2011
 we adopted new accounting guidance on the consolidation model for VIEs. The guidance
requires companies to qualitatively assess the determination of the primary beneficiary of a VIE based on whether the company (1)&nbsp;has the power to direct matters that most significantly impact the VIE&#146;s economic performance
 and
(2)&nbsp;has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The adoption of the guidance did not have an impact on our results of operations or financial condition.
On
August&nbsp;1
 2012
 we acquired Yoki
 a privately held food company headquartered in Sao Bernardo do Campo
 Brazil
 for an aggregate purchase price of $939.8 million
 including $88.8 million of non-cash consideration for net debt assumed. Yoki
operates in several food categories
 including snacks
 convenient meals
 basic foods
 and seasonings. We consolidated Yoki into our Consolidated Balance Sheets and recorded goodwill of $363.0 million. Indefinite lived intangible assets acquired
include brands of $253.0 million. Finite lived intangible assets acquired primarily include customer relationships of $17.5 million. The pro forma effects of this acquisition were not material. 
During the first quarter of fiscal 2012
 we acquired a 51 percent controlling interest in Yoplait S.A.S. and a 50 percent interest in Yoplait Marques
S.A.S. from PAI Partners and Sodiaal for an aggregate purchase price of $1.2 billion
 including $261.3 million of non-cash consideration for debt assumed. We consolidated both entities into our Consolidated Balance Sheets and recorded goodwill of
$1.5 billion. Indefinite lived intangible assets acquired primarily include brands of $476.0 million. Finite lived intangible assets acquired primarily include franchise agreements of $440.2 million and customer relationships of $107.3 million. In
addition
 we purchased a zero coupon exchangeable note due in 2016 from Sodiaal with a notional amount of $131.6 million and a fair value of $110.9 million. As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 $16.2 million of the exchangeable note has been repaid. The pro
forma effects of this acquisition were not material. 
 



NOTE 4. RESTRUCTURING
 IMPAIRMENT
 AND OTHER EXIT COSTS 
We view our restructuring activities as actions that help us meet our long-term growth targets. Activities we undertake must meet internal rate of return
and net present value targets. Each restructuring action normally takes one to two years to complete. At completion (or as each major stage is completed in the case of multi-year programs)
 the project begins to deliver cash savings and/or reduced
depreciation. These activities result in various restructuring costs
 including asset write-offs
 exit charges including severance
 contract termination fees
 and decommissioning and other costs. Depreciation associated with restructured assets
 as
used in the context of our disclosures regarding restructuring activity
 refers to the increase in depreciation expense caused by shortening the useful life or updating the salvage value of depreciable fixed assets to coincide with the end of
In
fiscal 2013
 we recorded restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs pursuant to approved plans as follows: 








Expense
 in Millions





















In fiscal 2013
 we recorded an $18.6 million restructuring charge related to a productivity and cost savings plan
approved in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012
 consisting of $10.6 million of employee severance expense and other exit costs of $8.0 million. All of our operating segments were affected by these actions including $15.9 million related to our
International segment
 $1.8 million related to our U.S. Retail segment
 and $0.9 million related to our Bakeries and Foodservice segment. These restructuring actions are expected to be completed by the end of fiscal 2014. In addition
 we recorded
$1.2 million of charges associated with other previously announced restructuring actions. In fiscal 2013


 we recorded restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs pursuant to approved plans as follows: 








Expense
 in Millions



























In fiscal 2012
 we recorded a $100.6 million restructuring charge related to a productivity and cost savings plan
approved in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012. The plan was designed to improve organizational effectiveness and focus on key growth strategies
 and included organizational changes to strengthen business alignment and actions to accelerate
administrative efficiencies across all of our operating segments and support functions. In connection with this initiative
 we eliminated approximately 850 positions globally. The restructuring charge consisted of $87.6 million of employee severance
expense and a non-cash charge of $13.0 million related to the write-off of certain long-lived assets in our U.S. Retail segment. All of our operating segments and support functions were affected by these actions including $69.9 million related to
our U.S. Retail segment
 $12.2 million related to our Bakeries and Foodservice segment
 $9.5 million related to our International segment
 and $9.0 million related to our administrative functions. In fiscal 2012
 we paid $3.8 million in cash related
In fiscal 2011
 we recorded restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs
pursuant to approved plans as follows: 








Expense
 in Millions




























 



The roll forward of our restructuring and other exit cost reserves
 included in other current liabilities
is as follows: 





































Reserve balance as of May&nbsp;30
 2010

















2011 charges
 including foreign currency translation



































Reserve balance as of May&nbsp;29
 2011

















2012 charges
 including foreign currency translation



































Reserve balance as of May&nbsp;27
 2012

















2013 charges
 including foreign currency translation



































Reserve balance as of May&nbsp;26
 2013


































The charges recognized in the roll forward of our reserves for restructuring and other exit costs do not include items
charged directly to expense (e.g.
 asset impairment charges
 the gain or loss on the sale of restructured assets
 and the write-off of spare parts) and other periodic exit costs recognized as incurred
 as those items are not reflected in our
restructuring and other exit cost reserves on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
We have a 50 percent equity interest in Cereal Partners Worldwide (CPW)
 which manufactures and markets ready-to-eat cereal products in more than 130
countries and republics outside the United States and Canada. CPW also markets cereal bars in several European countries and manufactures private label cereals for customers in the United Kingdom. We have guaranteed a portion of CPW&#146;s debt and
We also have a 50 percent equity interest in H&auml;agen-Dazs Japan
 Inc. (HDJ). This joint
venture manufactures
 distributes
Results from our CPW and HDJ
joint ventures are reported for the 12 months ended March&nbsp;31. 















May&nbsp;26




May&nbsp;27





































































































































 



 


















































2
132.2



2
152.6



2
067.2



















2
552.7



2
581.5



2
452.2



















1
057.3



1
084.1



1
073.6


























































May&nbsp;26




May&nbsp;27

















1
088.2



1
078.0





1
717.4



1
671.0





































May&nbsp;26




May&nbsp;27







8
622.2



8
182.5

























4
499.5



4
217.1












Franchise agreements
 customer relationships


































5
015.1



4
704.9





13
637.3



12
887.4











Based on the carrying value of finite-lived intangible assets as of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 amortization expense for each of
the next five fiscal years is estimated to be approximately $30 million. 
 



The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for fiscal 2011
 2012
 and 2013 are as follows: 










































Balance as of May&nbsp;30
 2010


$5
098.3















$6
592.8














































Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation





















Balance as of May&nbsp;29
 2011


5
142.9















6
750.8





















1
616.7


Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation





















Balance as of May&nbsp;27
 2012


5
813.2















8
182.5
























Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation





















Balance as of May&nbsp;26
 2013


$5
841.4



$1
387.0











$8
622.2























The changes in the carrying amount of other intangible assets for fiscal 2011
 2012
 and 2013 are as follows: 



































Balance as of May&nbsp;30
 2010


$3
206.6











$3
715.0




















Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation

















Balance as of May&nbsp;29
 2011


3
242.5











3
813.3









1
050.3







1
108.5


Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation

















Balance as of May&nbsp;27
 2012


3
297.0



1
344.1







4
704.9




















Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation

















Balance as of May&nbsp;26
 2013


$3
312.4



$1
638.2







$5
015.1




















 



NOTE 7. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
 RISK MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES
 AND FAIR VALUES 
The carrying
values of cash and cash equivalents
 receivables
 accounts payable
 other current liabilities
 and notes payable approximate fair value. Marketable securities are carried at fair value. As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 and May&nbsp;27
 2012
 a comparison of
cost and market values of our marketable debt and equity securities is as follows: 



































































































































































































































































Earnings include less than $1 million of realized gains from sales of available-for-sale marketable securities. Gains and
losses are determined by specific identification. Classification of marketable securities as current or noncurrent is dependent upon our intended holding period
 the security&#146;s maturity date
 or both. The aggregate unrealized gains and losses
on available-for-sale securities
 net of tax effects
Scheduled maturities of our
marketable securities are as follows: 





















































































Marketable securities with a market value of $2.3 million as of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 were pledged as collateral for
The fair value and carrying amounts of long-term debt
 including the current portion
 were $8
027.3 million and
$7
369.4 million
 respectively
 as of May&nbsp;26
 2013. The fair value of long-term debt was estimated using market quotations and discounted cash flows based on our current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of instruments. Long-term
debt is a Level 2 liability in the fair value hierarchy. 
As a part of our ongoing operations
 we are exposed to market risks such as changes in interest and foreign currency exchange rates and commodity and
equity prices. To manage these risks
 we may enter into various derivative transactions (e.g.
 futures
 options


products are exposed to market price risks. We utilize derivatives to manage price risk for our principal ingredients and energy costs
 including grains (oats
 wheat
 and corn)
 oils (principally soybean)
 non-fat dry milk
 natural gas
 and diesel
fuel. Our primary objective when entering into these derivative contracts is to achieve certainty with regard to the future price of commodities purchased for use in our supply chain. We manage our exposures through a combination of purchase orders
long-
 



 
term contracts with suppliers
 exchange-traded futures and options
 and over-the-counter options and swaps. We offset our exposures based on current and projected market conditions and generally
We use derivatives to manage our exposure to changes in commodity
prices. We do not perform the assessments required to achieve hedge accounting for commodity derivative positions. Accordingly
 the changes in the values of these derivatives are recorded currently in cost of sales in our Consolidated Statements of
Although we do not meet the criteria for cash flow hedge accounting
 we nonetheless believe that these instruments are effective in
achieving our objective of providing certainty in the future price of commodities purchased for use in our supply chain. Accordingly
 for purposes of measuring segment operating performance these gains and losses are reported in unallocated
corporate items outside of segment operating results until such time that the exposure we are managing affects earnings. At that time we reclassify the gain or loss from unallocated corporate items to segment operating profit
 allowing our operating
segments to realize the economic effects of the derivative without experiencing any resulting mark-to-market volatility


 fiscal 2012 and fiscal 2011 included: 





































































































As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 the net notional value of commodity derivatives was $526.3 million
 of which $297.4 million


issuances of fixed-rate debt
 and existing and future issuances of floating-rate debt. Primary exposures include U.S. Treasury rates
 LIBOR
 Euribor
 and commercial paper rates in the United States and Europe. We use interest rate swaps
forward-starting interest rate swaps
 and treasury locks to hedge our exposure to interest rate changes
 to reduce the volatility of our financing costs
 and to achieve a desired proportion of fixed versus floating-rate debt
 based on current and
projected market conditions. Generally under these swaps
 we agree with a counterparty to exchange the difference between fixed-rate and floating-rate interest amounts based on an agreed upon notional principal amount. 
Floating Interest Rate Exposures &#151; Floating-to-fixed interest rate swaps are accounted for as cash flow hedges
 as are all hedges of forecasted
issuances of debt. Effectiveness is assessed based on either the perfectly effective hypothetical derivative method or changes in the present value of interest payments on the underlying debt. Effective gains and losses deferred to AOCI are
reclassified into earnings over the life of the associated debt. Ineffective gains and losses are recorded as net interest. The amount of hedge ineffectiveness was less than $1 million in each of fiscal 2013
 2012
 and 2011. 
Fixed Interest Rate Exposures &#151; Fixed-to-floating interest rate swaps are accounted for as fair value hedges with effectiveness assessed based on
changes in the fair value of the underlying debt and derivatives
 using incremental borrowing rates currently available on loans with similar terms and maturities. Ineffective gains and losses on these derivatives and the underlying hedged items are
recorded as net interest. The amount of hedge ineffectiveness was less than $1 million in each of fiscal 2013
 2012
 and 2011. 
 



During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013
 in advance of a planned debt refinancing
 we entered into $250.0
During the third quarter of fiscal 2013
 we entered into swaps to
convert $250.0 million of 0.875 percent fixed-rate notes due January&nbsp;29
 2016
During the second quarter of fiscal
2013
 in advance of a planned debt refinancing
 we entered into $200.0 million of treasury locks with an average fixed rate of 2.82 percent. All of these treasury locks were cash settled for $11.8 million during the third quarter of fiscal 2013
coincident with the issuance of our $500.0 million 30-year fixed-rate notes. As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 an $11.7 million pre-tax gain remained in AOCI
 which will be reclassified to earnings over the term of the underlying debt. 
During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011
 first quarter of fiscal 2012
 and second quarter of fiscal 2012
 we entered into $500.0 million
 $300.0
million
 and $200.0 million of forward starting swaps with average fixed rates of 3.9 percent
 2.7 percent
 and 2.4 percent
 respectively
 in advance of a planned debt financing. All of these forward starting swaps were cash settled for $100.4
million coincident with the issuance of our $1.0 billion 10-year fixed rate notes in November 2011. As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 an $84.7 million pre-tax loss remained in AOCI
 which will be reclassified to earnings over the term of the underlying debt.
During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011
 we entered into swaps to convert $300.0&nbsp;million of 1.55 percent fixed-rate notes due
May&nbsp;16
 2014
As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 a $15.1 million pre-tax loss on cash settled interest rate derivatives for our
$500.0 million 30-year fixed rate notes issued June&nbsp;1
 2010 remained in AOCI


 2013
 an $8.3 million pre-tax loss on cash settled interest rate swaps for our $1.0 billion 10-year note issued January&nbsp;24
 2007 remained in AOCI
 which will be reclassified to
The following table summarizes the notional amounts and weighted-average interest rates of our
interest rate derivatives. Average floating rates are based on rates as of the end of the reporting period. 














May&nbsp;
26



May&nbsp;
27





























































































































 intercompany loans
 product shipments
 and
foreign-denominated commercial paper. We are also exposed to the translation of foreign currency earnings to the U.S. dollar. Our principal exposures are to the Australian dollar
 Brazilian real
 British pound sterling
 Canadian dollar
 Chinese
renminbi
 euro
 Japanese yen
 Mexican peso
 and Swiss franc. We mainly use foreign currency forward contracts to selectively hedge our 
 



 
foreign currency cash flow exposures. We also generally swap our foreign-denominated commercial paper borrowings and nonfunctional currency intercompany loans back to U.S. dollars or the
functional currency of the entity with foreign exchange exposure; the gains or losses on these derivatives offset the foreign currency revaluation gains or losses recorded in earnings on the associated borrowings. We generally do not hedge more than
As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 the net notional value of foreign exchange derivatives was $985.1 million. The amount of hedge
ineffectiveness was less than $1 million in each of fiscal 2013
 2012
We also have many net investments in foreign subsidiaries
that are denominated in euros. We previously hedged a portion of these net investments by issuing euro-denominated commercial paper and foreign exchange forward contracts. As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 we had deferred net foreign currency transaction
losses of $95.7 million in AOCI associated with hedging activity. 
Equity price movements affect our compensation expense as certain investments made by our employees in our deferred compensation plan are revalued. We
use equity swaps to manage this risk. As of May&nbsp;26
 2013


assets
 liabilities
 and derivative positions recorded at fair value and their respective levels in the fair value hierarchy as of May&nbsp;26
 2013 and May&nbsp;27
 2012
 were as follows: 







































May&nbsp;26
 2013


May&nbsp;26
 2013


















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Total assets
 liabilities
 and derivative






































































These contracts and investments are recorded as prepaid expenses and other current assets
 other assets
 other current liabilities or other liabilities
 as appropriate
based on whether in a gain or loss position. Certain marketable investments are recorded as cash and cash equivalents. 







These contracts are recorded as prepaid expenses and other current assets or as other current liabilities
 as appropriate
 based on whether in a gain or loss position.













 









































May&nbsp;27
 2012


May&nbsp;27
 2012
































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Total assets
 liabilities
 and derivative






































































These contracts and investments are recorded as prepaid expenses and other current assets
 other assets
 other current liabilities or other liabilities
 as appropriate
based on whether in a gain or loss position. Certain marketable investments are recorded as cash and cash equivalents. 







These contracts are recorded as prepaid expenses and other current assets or as other current liabilities
 as appropriate
 based on whether in a gain or loss position.














 



Information related to our cash flow hedges
 fair value hedges
 and other derivatives not designated as
hedging instruments for the fiscal years ended May&nbsp;26
 2013
 and May&nbsp;27
 2012
 follows: 















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Loss reclassified from AOCI into earnings is reported in interest
 net for interest rate swaps and in cost of sales and SG&amp;A expenses for foreign exchange
contracts. 



Gain (loss) recognized in earnings is related to the ineffective portion of the hedging relationship
 including SG&amp;A expenses for foreign exchange contracts and
interest
 net for interest rate contracts. No amounts were reported as a result of being excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness. 



Gain (loss) recognized in earnings is reported in interest
 net for interest rate contracts
 in cost of sales for commodity contracts
 and in SG&amp;A expenses for
equity contracts and foreign exchange contracts. 
Unrealized losses from interest rate cash flow hedges recorded in AOCI as of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 totaled $53.5 million after tax. These deferred losses
are primarily related to interest rate swaps that we entered into in contemplation of future borrowings and other financing requirements and that are being reclassified into net interest over the lives of the hedged forecasted transactions.
Unrealized gains from foreign currency cash flow hedges recorded in AOCI as of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 were $11.8 million after-tax. The net amount of pre-tax gains and losses in AOCI as of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 that we expect to be reclassified into net
earnings within the next 12 months is $3.5 million of income. 
Certain of our derivative instruments contain provisions that require us to maintain an investment grade credit rating on our debt from each of the major
credit rating agencies. If our debt were to fall below investment grade
 the counterparties to the derivative instruments could request full collateralization on derivative instruments in net liability positions. The aggregate fair value of all
derivative instruments with credit-risk-related contingent features that were in a liability position on May&nbsp;26
 2013
 was $3.9 million. We have posted no collateral under these contracts. If the credit-risk-related contingent features
underlying these agreements had been triggered on May&nbsp;26
 2013
 we would have been required to post $3.9 million of collateral to counterparties. 
 



 
During fiscal 2013
 Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. and its affiliates (Wal-Mart) accounted for 21 percent of our consolidated net sales and 31 percent of our net
sales in the U.S. Retail segment. No other customer accounted for 10 percent or more of our consolidated net sales. Wal-Mart also represented 6 percent of our net sales in the International segment and 7 percent of our net sales in the Bakeries and
Foodservice segment. As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 Wal-Mart accounted for 28 percent of our U.S. Retail receivables
 5 percent of our International receivables
 and 7 percent of our Bakeries and Foodservice receivables. The five largest customers in our
U.S. Retail segment accounted for 54 percent of its fiscal 2013 net sales
 the five largest customers in our International segment accounted for 24 percent of its fiscal 2013 net sales
 and the five largest customers in our Bakeries and Foodservice
We enter into interest rate
 foreign exchange
 and certain commodity and
equity derivatives
 primarily with a diversified group of highly rated counterparties. We continually monitor our positions and the credit ratings of the counterparties involved and
 by policy
 limit the amount of credit exposure to any one party.
These transactions may expose us to potential losses due to the risk of nonperformance by these counterparties; however
 we have not incurred a material loss. We also enter into commodity futures transactions through various regulated exchanges.
The amount of loss due to the credit risk of the counterparties
 should the counterparties fail to perform according to the terms of the
contracts
 is $30.9 million against which we do not hold collateral. Under the terms of master swap agreements
 some of our transactions require collateral or other security to support financial instruments subject to threshold levels of exposure


payments at the sole discretion of the supplier and the third party. We have no economic interest in these financing arrangements and no direct relationship with the suppliers
 the third party
 or any financial institutions concerning this service.
All of our accounts payable remain as obligations to our suppliers as stated in our supplier agreements. As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 $178.3 million of our total accounts payable is payable to suppliers who utilize this third party service. 
Notes Payable
The components of notes payable and their respective weighted-average interest rates at the end of the periods were as follows:























May&nbsp;26
 2013


May&nbsp;27
 2012





























































































To ensure availability of funds
 we maintain bank credit lines sufficient to cover our outstanding short-term borrowings.
Commercial paper is a continuing source of short-term financing. We have commercial paper programs available to us in the United States and Europe. In April 2012
 we entered into fee-paid committed credit lines
 consisting of a $1.0 billion facility
scheduled to expire in April 2015 and a $1.7 billion facility scheduled to expire in April 2017. We also have $332.8 million in uncommitted credit lines that support our foreign operations. As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 there were no amounts outstanding
on the fee-paid committed credit lines and $84.2 million was drawn on the uncommitted lines. The credit facilities contain several covenants
 including a requirement to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 2.5 times. We were in
compliance with all credit facility covenants as of May&nbsp;26
 2013. 
 





 we issued $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of fixed rate notes. The issuance consisted of $250.0 million 0.875 percent notes due January&nbsp;29
 2016 and $500.0 million 4.15
percent notes due February&nbsp;15
 2043. Interest on the fixed-rate notes is payable semi-annually in arrears. The fixed rate notes due January&nbsp;29
 2016 may be redeemed in whole
 or in part
 at our option at any time for a specified make whole
amount. The fixed rate notes due February&nbsp;15
 2043 may be redeemed in whole
 or in part
 at our option at any time prior to August&nbsp;15
 2042 for a specified make whole amount and any time on or after that date at par. These notes are senior


 we issued $250.0 million floating rate notes due January&nbsp;29
 2016. The floating-rate notes bear interest equal to three-month LIBOR plus 30 basis points
 subject to quarterly reset.
Interest on the floating-rate notes is payable quarterly in arrears. The floating rate notes are not redeemable prior to maturity. These notes are senior unsecured obligations that include a change of control repurchase provision. The net proceeds
In September&nbsp;2012
 we repaid $520.8 million of 5.65 percent notes. In February
2012
 we repaid $1.0 billion of 6.0 percent notes. In November 2011
 we issued $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.15 percent notes due December&nbsp;15
 2021. The net proceeds were used to repay a portion of our notes due February 2012
reduce our commercial paper borrowings
 and for general corporate purposes. Interest on these notes is payable semi-annually in arrears. These notes may be redeemed at our option at any time prior to September&nbsp;15
 2021 for a specified make
whole amount and any time on or after that date at par. These notes are senior unsecured


 we consolidated $457.9 million of primarily euro-denominated Euribor-based floating-rate bank debt. In December 2011
 we refinanced this debt with $390.5
million of euro-denominated Euribor-based floating-rate bank debt due at various dates through December&nbsp;15
Certain of our
long-term debt agreements contain restrictive covenants. As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
As of
May&nbsp;26
 2013
 the $87.1 million pre-tax loss recorded in AOCI associated with our previously designated interest rate swaps will be reclassified to net interest over the remaining lives of the hedged transactions. The amount expected to be
reclassified from AOCI to net interest in fiscal 2014 is $11.6 million pre-tax. 
 



 















May&nbsp;26




May&nbsp;27




5.65% notes due February&nbsp;15
 2019


1
150.0



1
150.0


5.7% notes due February&nbsp;15
 2017


1
000.0



1
000.0


3.15% notes due December&nbsp;15
 2021


1
000.0



1
000.0


5.2% notes due March&nbsp;17
 2015









5.25% notes due August&nbsp;15
 2013









5.4% notes due June&nbsp;15
 2040









4.15% notes due February&nbsp;15
 2043









Floating-rate notes due May&nbsp;16
 2014









Euribor-based floating-rate note due December&nbsp;15
 2014









1.55% notes due May&nbsp;16
 2014









0.875% notes due January&nbsp;29
 2016









Floating-rate notes due January&nbsp;29
 2016









Medium-term notes
 0.1% to 6.4%
 due fiscal 2014 or later









5.65% notes due September&nbsp;10
 2012









Other
 including capital leases












7
369.4



6
903.1





(1
443.3









5
926.1



6
161.9











Principal payments due on long-term debt in the next five years based on stated contractual maturities
 our intent to
redeem
 or put rights of certain note holders are $1
443.3 million in fiscal 2014
 $1
181.9 million in fiscal 2015
 $500.5 million in fiscal 2016
 $1
000.0 million in fiscal 2017
 and $100.0 million in fiscal 2018. 


 Yoplait Marques S.A.S.
 and General Mills Cereals
 LLC (GMC) subsidiaries. In addition
 we have seven foreign
subsidiaries that have noncontrolling interests totaling $8.0 million as of May&nbsp;26
We have a 51 percent controlling interest in
Yoplait S.A.S. and a 50 percent interest in Yoplait Marques S.A.S. Sodiaal holds the remaining interests in each of the entities. On the acquisition date
 we recorded the $904.4 million fair value of Sodiaal&#146;s 49 percent euro-denominated
interest in Yoplait S.A.S. as a redeemable interest on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Sodiaal has the ability to put a limited portion of its redeemable interest to us once per year at fair value up to a maximum of 9 years. We adjust the value of
the redeemable interest through additional paid-in capital on our Consolidated Balance Sheets quarterly to the redeemable interest&#146;s redemption value
 which approximates its fair value. Yoplait S.A.S. pays dividends annually if it meets certain
financial metrics set forth in its shareholders agreement. As of May&nbsp;26
 2013


 we recorded the $263.8 million fair value of Sodiaal&#146;s 50 percent euro-denominated interest in Yoplait Marques S.A.S. as a noncontrolling interest on our Consolidated Balance
 and related trademarks. Yoplait Marques S.A.S. pays dividends annually based on its available cash as of its
In addition
 a subsidiary of Yoplait S.A.S. has entered into an exclusive milk supply agreement for its European operations
with Sodiaal at market-determined prices through July&nbsp;1
 2021. Net purchases totaled $263.5 million for fiscal 2013 and $235.7 million for fiscal 2012. 
 



During fiscal 2013
 we paid $32.5 million of dividends to Sodiaal under the terms of the Yoplait S.A.S. and
During the first quarter of fiscal 2013
 in conjunction with the consent of the Class&nbsp;A
investor
 we restructured GMC through the distribution of its manufacturing assets
 stock
 inventory
 cash and certain intellectual property to a wholly owned subsidiary.&nbsp;GMC retained the remaining intellectual property.&nbsp;Immediately
following the restructuring
 the Class&nbsp;A Interests of GMC were sold by the then current holder to another unrelated third-party investor. 
The holder of the GMC Class&nbsp;A Interests receives quarterly preferred distributions from available net income based on the application of a floating
preferred return rate
 currently equal to the sum of three-month LIBOR plus 110 basis points
 to the holder&#146;s capital account balance established in the most recent mark-to-market valuation (currently $251.5 million).&nbsp;The preferred return
For
financial reporting purposes
 the assets
 liabilities
 results of operations
 and cash flows of our non-wholly owned subsidiaries are included in our Consolidated Financial Statements. The third-party investor&#146;s share of the net earnings of


 2013


shares
 without par value
On June&nbsp;28
 2010
 our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to
100&nbsp;million shares of our common stock. Purchases under the authorization can be made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions
 including the use of call options and other derivative instruments
 Rule 10b5-1 trading plans
 and
During fiscal 2013
 we repurchased 24.2&nbsp;million
shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $1
014.9 million. During fiscal 2012
 we repurchased 8.3&nbsp;million shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $313.0 million. During fiscal 2011
 we repurchased
31.8&nbsp;million shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $1
During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013
 we
entered into an accelerated share repurchase (ASR) agreement with an unrelated third party financial institution to repurchase an aggregate of $300.0 million of our outstanding common stock. The total aggregate number of shares to be repurchased
pursuant to this agreement will be determined based on the volume weighted average price of our common stock during the purchase period
 less a fixed discount. Under the ASR agreement
 we paid $300.0 million to the financial institution and received
5.5&nbsp;million shares of common stock with a fair value of $270.0 million during the fourth quarter of 2013
 which represents approximately 90 percent of the total shares expected to be repurchased under the agreement. We will settle the remaining
shares upon the completion of the ASR agreement in the first quarter of fiscal 2014. We recorded this transaction as an increase in treasury stock of $270.0 million
 and recorded the remaining $30.0 million as a decrease to additional paid in
capital on our Consolidated Balance Sheets as of May&nbsp;26
 2013. We will reclassify the $30.0 million recorded in additional paid in capital to treasury stock at completion of the ASR. This forward contract is indexed to
 and potentially settled
in
 our common stock. In accordance with the terms of the ASR agreement
 we have the option to settle our delivery obligation
 if any
 under the forward contract in cash or shares and we may be required to settle in cash in very limited
circumstances that are under our control or that require the delivery of cash to all shareholders. Furthermore
 the contract specifies a maximum number of shares that we could be required to deliver to the counterparty
 and we have sufficient
authorized and unissued shares available to deliver the maximum share amount. Based on these circumstances
 the forward contract meets the requirements to be classified as permanent equity. The forward contract is accounted for as an equity
instrument and does not require hedge or derivative accounting treatment. As long as the forward contract continues to meet the requirements to be classified as 
 



 
permanent equity
 we will not record future changes in its fair value. The forward contract continued to meet those requirements as of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 and we expect it will continue to meet
The initial delivery of 5.5&nbsp;million shares of our
common stock reduced our outstanding shares used to determine our weighted average shares outstanding for purposes of calculating basic and diluted EPS for fiscal 2013. We have also evaluated the ASR agreement for the potential dilutive effects of



























































Net earnings
 including earnings attributable to redeemable and noncontrolling
interests










1
855.2

















































































































































































































































2
013.6



































Gain reclassified from AOCI into earnings is reported in interest
 net for interest rate swaps and in cost of sales and SG&amp;A expenses for foreign exchange
contracts. 




 




























































Net earnings
 including earnings attributable to redeemable and noncontrolling
interests










1
567.3



















































































































































































































(1
016.6

































































Gain reclassified from AOCI into earnings is reported in interest
 net for interest rate swaps and in cost of sales and SG&amp;A expenses for foreign exchange
contracts. 




















































Net earnings
 including earnings attributable to redeemable and noncontrolling
interests










1
798.3





































































































































































































2
274.4



























Gain reclassified from AOCI into earnings is reported in interest
 net for interest rate swaps and in cost of sales and SG&amp;A expenses for foreign exchange
contracts. 





 2012
 and 2011
 except for reclassifications to earnings
 changes in other comprehensive income (loss) were primarily non-cash items. 
 



Accumulated other comprehensive loss balances
 net of tax effects
 were as follows: 















May&nbsp;26




May&nbsp;27












































Pension
 other postretirement
 and postemployment benefits:












(1
801.5



(1
945.9















(1
585.3



(1
743.7













 2013
 a total of 35
492
790 shares were available for grant in
the form of stock options
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 and shares of unrestricted stock under the 2011 Stock Compensation Plan (2011 Plan) and the 2011 Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors. The 2011 Plan also provides for the
issuance of cash-settled share-based units
 stock appreciation rights
 and performance awards. Stock-based awards now outstanding include some granted under the 1998 (employee)
 2001
 2003
 2005
 2006
 2007
 and 2009 stock plans and the Executive
Incentive Plan (EIP)
 under which no further awards may be granted. The stock plans provide for accelerated vesting of awards upon retirement
 termination
 or death of eligible employees and directors. 
The estimated fair
values of stock options granted and the assumptions used for the Black-Scholes option-pricing model were as follows: 

































































































































The valuation of stock options is a significant accounting estimate that requires us to use judgments and assumptions
that are likely to have a material impact on our financial statements. Annually
 we make predictive assumptions regarding future stock price volatility
 employee exercise behavior
 dividend yield
 and the forfeiture rate. 
We estimate the fair value of each option on the grant date using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model
 which requires us to make predictive assumptions
regarding future stock price volatility
 employee exercise behavior
 and dividend yield. We estimate our future stock price volatility using the historical volatility over the expected term of the option
 excluding time periods of volatility we
believe a marketplace participant would exclude in estimating our stock price volatility. We also have considered
 but did not use
 implied volatility in our estimate
 because trading activity in options on our stock
 especially those with tenors of
greater than 6 months
Our expected term represents the period of time
that options granted are expected to be outstanding based on historical data to estimate option exercises and employee terminations within the valuation model. Separate groups of employees have similar historical exercise behavior and therefore were
aggregated into a single pool for valuation purposes. The weighted-average expected term for all employee groups is presented in the table above. The risk-free interest rate for periods during the expected term of the options is based on the U.S.
Treasury zero-coupon yield curve in effect at the time of grant. 
 



Any corporate income tax benefit realized upon exercise or vesting of an award in excess of that previously


earnings) are first offset against the cumulative balance of windfall tax benefits
 if any
 and then charged directly to income tax expense
 potentially resulting in volatility in our consolidated effective income tax rate. We calculated a
Options may be priced at
100 percent or more of the fair market value on the date of grant
 and generally vest four years after the date of grant. Options generally expire within 10 years and one month after the date of grant. 





































Balance as of May&nbsp;30
 2010


47
726.6







81
104.6

















5
234.3

















(18
665.4
























Balance as of May&nbsp;29
 2011


39
221.7







67
547.3

















4
069.0

















(10
279.3
























Balance as of May&nbsp;27
 2012


39
564.9







60
942.7

















3
407.7

















(16
534.6
























Balance as of May&nbsp;26
 2013


29
290.3







47
672.1























Stock-based compensation expense related to stock option awards was $17.5 million in fiscal 2013
 $23.9 million in fiscal
2012
Net cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options less shares used for withholding taxes and the
intrinsic value of options exercised were as follows: 










































































 



Restricted Stock
 Restricted Stock Units
 and Cash-Settled Share-Based Units 
Stock and units settled in stock subject to a restricted period and a purchase price
 if any (as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of
Directors)
 may be granted to key employees under the 2011 Plan. Certain restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards require the employee to deposit personally owned shares (on a one-for-one basis) during the restricted period. Restricted
stock and restricted stock units generally vest and become unrestricted four years after the date of grant. Participants are entitled to dividends on such awarded shares and units
 but only receive those amounts if the shares or units vest. The sale
or transfer of these shares and units is restricted during the vesting period. Participants holding restricted stock
 but not restricted stock units
 are entitled to vote on matters submitted to holders of common stock for a vote. 





























































Non-vested as of May&nbsp;27
 2012


8
551.8















3
991.5









2
330.4

























(2
495.0















(1
638.2
































Non-vested as of May&nbsp;26
 2013


8
042.2















2
287.8



































































2
404.9



2
785.7



3
751.6





























The total grant-date fair value of restricted stock unit awards that vested during fiscal 2013 was $134.1 million
 and
As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested stock options and
restricted stock units was $125.4 million. This expense will be recognized over 17 months
Stock-based compensation expense
related to restricted stock units and cash-settled share-based payment awards was $128.9 million for fiscal 2013
 $124.3 million for fiscal 2012
 and $141.2 million for fiscal 2011. 
 


























In Millions
 Except per Share Data













1
855.2



1
567.3



1
798.3


























































Restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 and other






















































































Incremental shares from stock options and restricted stock units are computed by the treasury stock method. Stock options and restricted stock units excluded from our
computation of diluted EPS because they were not dilutive were as follows: 





























































employees in the United States
 Canada
 France
 and the United Kingdom. Benefits for salaried employees are based on length of service and final average compensation. Benefits for hourly employees include various monthly amounts for each year of
credited service. Our funding policy is consistent with the requirements of applicable laws. We made $200.0 million of voluntary contributions to our principal U.S. plans in each of fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012. We do not expect to be required to
make any contributions in fiscal 2014. Our principal domestic retirement plan covering salaried employees has a provision that any excess pension assets would be allocated to active participants if the plan is terminated within five years of a
change in control. In fiscal 2012
 we announced changes to our U.S. defined benefit pension plans. All new salaried employees hired on or after June&nbsp;1
 2013 are eligible for a new retirement program that does not include a defined benefit
Other
We also sponsor plans that provide health care benefits to the majority of our retirees in the United States
Canada
 and Brazil. The United States salaried health care benefit plan is contributory
 with retiree contributions based on years of service. We make decisions to fund related trusts for certain employees and retirees on an annual basis. We did not
make voluntary contributions to these plans in fiscal 2013 or fiscal 2012. 
 








































































We review our health care cost trend rates annually. Our review is based on data we collect about our health care claims
experience and information provided by our actuaries. This information includes recent plan experience
 plan design
 overall industry experience and projections
 and assumptions used by other similar organizations. Our initial health care cost trend
rate is adjusted as necessary to remain consistent with this review
 recent experiences
 and short-term expectations. Our initial health care cost trend rate assumption is 8.0 percent for all retirees at the end of fiscal 2013. Rates are graded down
annually until the ultimate trend rate of 5.2 percent is reached in 2019 for all retirees. The trend rates are applicable for calculations only if the retirees&#146; benefits increase as a result of health care inflation. The ultimate trend rate is
adjusted annually
 as necessary
 to approximate the current economic view on the rate of long-term inflation plus an appropriate health care cost premium. Assumed trend rates for health care costs have an important effect on the amounts reported for
A one percentage point change in the health care cost trend rate would have the following effects:





































Effect on the other postretirement accumulated benefit obligation as of May&nbsp;26
 2013


















The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act
 as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010
(collectively
 the Act) was signed into law in March 2010. The Act codifies health care reforms with staggered effective dates from 2010 to 2018. Estimates of the future impacts of several of the Act&#146;s provisions are incorporated into our


 we also provide accruable benefits to former or inactive employees in the United States
 Canada
 and Mexico
 and members of our Board of Directors
 including severance and
certain other benefits payable upon death. We recognize an obligation for any of these benefits that vest or accumulate with service. Postemployment benefits that do not vest or accumulate with service (such as severance based solely on annual pay
We use our fiscal year end
as the measurement date for our defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans. 
 



Summarized financial information about defined benefit pension
 other postretirement
 and postemployment
benefit plans is presented below: 






























Pension
Plans






Benefit
Plans






























































4
353.9



4
264.0


































































































































































5
066.1



4
353.9


























































4
991.5



4
458.4



1
129.0



1
065.8

















































































































































































































































































5
381.4



4
991.5



1
148.2



1
129.0





























































The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit pension plans was $4
888.8 million as of May&nbsp;26
 2013
and $4
504.7 million as of May&nbsp;27
Amounts recognized in AOCI as of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 and May&nbsp;27
 2012
 are as follows:







































Pension
Plans


Benefit
Plans


Benefit
Plans
















































(1
625.1



(1
714.1



















(1
801.5



(1
945.9







































(1
643.6



(1
736.1



















(1
809.3



(1
953.1




































 



 







































Benefit
Plans






































































1
132.9



1
129.0









































































































Pension
Plans





Benefit
Plans



































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Pension
Plans


Benefit
Plans


Benefit
Plans















































































































 



Weighted-average assumptions used to determine fiscal year net periodic benefit expense are as follows:











































Pension
Plans






Benefit
Plans



































































































































































































 other postretirement
 and postemployment benefit plan obligations. We also use
the same discount rates to determine defined benefit pension
 other postretirement
 and postemployment benefit plan income and expense for the following fiscal year. We work with our outside actuaries to determine the timing and amount of expected
future cash outflows to plan participants and
 using the Aa Above Median corporate bond yield
 to develop a forward interest rate curve
 including a margin to that index based on our credit risk. This forward interest rate curve is applied to our
expected future cash outflows to determine our discount rate assumptions. 
The fair values of our pension and postretirement benefit plans&#146; assets and their respective levels in the fair value hierarchy at May&nbsp;26
 2013
and May&nbsp;27
 2012
 by asset category were as follows: 






































May&nbsp;26
 2013


May&nbsp;27
 2012



































































1
439.4











2
827.0



1
119.2











2
412.2

















1
277.6















1
153.3











































































































2
216.8



1
859.3







5
066.1



1
913.7



1
503.3







4
353.9























































































































































































































































































































Primarily publicly traded common stock and private equity partnerships for purposes of total return and to maintain equity exposure consistent with policy allocations.
Investments include: United States and international equity securities
 mutual funds
 and equity futures valued at closing prices from national exchanges; and commingled funds
 privately held securities
 and private equity partnerships valued at
unit values or net asset values provided by the investment managers
 which are based on the fair value of the underlying investments. Various methods are used to determine fair values and may include the cost of the investment
 most recent
financing
 and expected cash flows. For some of these investments
 realization of the estimated fair value is dependent upon transactions between willing sellers and buyers. 



Primarily government and corporate debt securities for purposes of total return and managing fixed income exposure to policy allocations. Investments include: fixed
income securities and bond futures generally valued at closing prices from national exchanges
 fixed income pricing models
 and independent financial analysts; and fixed income commingled funds valued at unit values provided by the investment
managers
 which are based on the fair value of the underlying investments. 



Publicly traded common stock and limited partnerships in the energy and real estate sectors for purposes of total return. Investments include: energy and real estate
securities generally valued at closing prices from national exchanges; and commingled funds
 private securities
 and limited partnerships valued at unit values or net asset values provided by the investment managers
 which are generally based on the
fair value of the underlying investments. 



Global balanced fund of equity
 fixed income
 and real estate securities for purposes of meeting Canadian pension plan asset allocation policies
 and insurance and
annuity contracts to provide a stable stream of income for retirees and to fund postretirement medical benefits. Fair values are derived from unit values provided by the investment managers
 which are generally based on the fair value of the
underlying investments and contract fair values from the providers. 
 



The following table is a roll forward of the Level 3 investments of our pension and postretirement benefit
plans&#146; assets during the years ended May&nbsp;26
 2013 and May&nbsp;27
 2012: 































May&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2012





Net&nbsp;Purchases
&nbsp;Sales
Issuances








May&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2013
































































































































































































































































































 



































May&nbsp;29
&nbsp;2011






Net&nbsp;Purchases
&nbsp;Sales
Issuances









May&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2012































































































































































































































































































The net change in level 3 assets attributable to unrealized losses at May&nbsp;26
 2013
 was $6.3&nbsp;million for our
pension plan assets
Expected Rate of Return on Plan Assets
Our expected rate of return on plan assets is determined by our asset allocation
 our historical long-term investment performance
 our
estimate of future long-term returns by asset class (using input from our actuaries
 investment services
 and investment managers)
 and long-term inflation assumptions. We review this assumption annually for each plan
 however
 our annual investment
performance for one particular year does not
 by itself
Weighted-average asset allocations for the
past two fiscal years for our defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans are as follows: 






















Pension
Plans


Benefit
Plans






























































































































































The investment objective for our defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans is to secure the benefit
obligations to participants at a reasonable cost to us. Our goal is to optimize the long-term return on plan assets at a moderate level of risk. The defined benefit pension plan and other postretirement benefit plan portfolios are broadly
diversified across asset classes. Within asset classes
 the portfolios are further diversified across investment styles and investment organizations. For the defined benefit pension plans
 the long-term investment policy allocation is: 25 percent to
equities in the United States; 15 percent to international equities; 10 percent to 
 



 
private equities; 35 percent to fixed income; and 15 percent to real assets (real estate
 energy
 and timber). For other postretirement benefit plans
 the long-term investment policy allocations
are: 30 percent to equities in the United States; 20 percent to international equities; 10 percent to private equities; 30 percent to fixed income; and 10 percent to real assets (real estate
 energy
 and timber). The actual allocations to these
Contributions and Future
We do not expect to be required to make contributions to our defined benefit
 other postretirement
 and postemployment
benefit plans in fiscal 2014. Actual fiscal 2014 contributions could exceed our current projections
 as influenced by our decision to undertake discretionary funding of our benefit trusts and future changes in regulatory requirements. Estimated
benefit payments
 which reflect expected future service
 as appropriate
 are expected to be paid from fiscal 2014 to 2023 as follows: 









































































































































1
512.3


















 hourly
 nonunion
 and certain union employees. This plan is a 401(k) savings plan that includes a number of
investment funds
 including a Company stock fund and an Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP). We sponsor another money purchase plan for certain domestic hourly employees with net assets of $19.4 million as of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 and $18.7 million as
of May&nbsp;27
 2012. We also sponsor defined contribution plans in many of our foreign locations. Our total recognized expense related to defined contribution plans was $46.0 million in fiscal 2013
 $41.8 million in fiscal 2012
 and $41.8 million
We matched a percentage of employee contributions to the General Mills Savings Plan. Effective April&nbsp;1
 2010
 the
Company match is directed to investment options of the participant&#146;s choosing. Prior to April&nbsp;1
 2010
 the Company match was invested in Company stock in the ESOP. The number of shares of our common stock allocated to participants in the
ESOP was 9.1&nbsp;million as of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 and 10.6&nbsp;million as of May&nbsp;27


 2013
 and May&nbsp;27
 2012. 
 


























































2
051.2



1
816.5



2
144.8






















2
534.9



2
210.5



2
428.2



























































































































































































The following table reconciles the United States statutory income tax rate with our effective income tax rate:


















































State and local income taxes
 net of federal tax benefits



















































































Other
 net









































 



The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to deferred tax assets and liabilities are as
follows: 














May&nbsp;26




May&nbsp;27

























































Stock
 partnership
 and miscellaneous investments













































1
649.8



1
982.8


















1
417.0



1
598.4








1
380.4



1
292.8










































Stock
 partnership
 and miscellaneous investments



































2
678.1



2
710.1








1
261.1



1
111.7




We have established a valuation allowance against certain of the categories of deferred tax assets described above as
current evidence does not suggest we will realize sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character (e.g.
 ordinary income versus capital gain income) within the carryforward period to allow us to realize these deferred tax benefits.
Of the total valuation allowance of $232.8 million
 $161.8 million relates to a deferred tax asset for losses recorded as part of the
Pillsbury acquisition. Of the remaining valuation allowance
 $67.1 million relates to state net operating loss carryforwards and various foreign loss carryforwards. During fiscal 2013
 we reversed deferred tax assets and related valuation allowances
of $85.6 million due to the expiration of certain capital loss carryovers. We have approximately $72 million of U.S. foreign tax credit carryforwards for which no valuation allowance has been recorded. As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 we believe it is
The carryforward periods on our foreign loss carryforwards
are as follows: $33.4 million do not expire; $4.6 million expire in fiscal 2014 and 2015; and $21.6 million expire in fiscal 2016 and beyond. 
We have not recognized a deferred tax liability for unremitted earnings of approximately $2.7 billion from our foreign operations because our
subsidiaries have invested or will invest the undistributed earnings indefinitely
 or the earnings will be remitted in a tax-neutral transaction. It is not practicable for us to determine the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liabilities on these


 we recorded a non-cash income tax charge and decrease to our deferred tax assets of $35.0 million related to a reduction of the tax deductibility of retiree health cost to the extent of
any Medicare Part D subsidy received beginning in fiscal 2013 under the enactment of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act
 as 
 



 
amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010. During fiscal 2013
 we took certain actions to restore part of the tax benefits associated with Medicare Part D subsidies and
During the first quarter of
fiscal 2013
 in conjunction with the consent of the Class&nbsp;A investor
 we restructured GMC through the distribution of its manufacturing assets
 stock
 inventory
 cash and certain intellectual property to a wholly owned subsidiary. GMC retained
the remaining intellectual property. Immediately following this restructuring
 the Class&nbsp;A Interests were sold by the then current holder to another unrelated third party investor. As a result of these transactions
 we recorded a $63.3 million
decrease to deferred income tax liabilities related to the tax basis of the investment in GMC and certain distributed assets
 with a corresponding discrete non-cash reduction to income taxes in fiscal 2013. 
We are subject to federal income taxes in the United States as well as various state
 local
 and foreign jurisdictions. A number of years may elapse
before an uncertain tax position is audited and finally resolved. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular uncertain tax position
 we believe that our liabilities for income taxes reflect
the most likely outcome. We adjust these liabilities
 as well as the related interest
 in light of changing facts and circumstances. Settlement of any particular position would usually require the use of cash. 
The number of years with open tax audits varies depending on the tax jurisdiction. Our major taxing jurisdictions include the United States (federal and
state) and Canada. Various tax examinations by United States state taxing authorities could be conducted for any open tax year
 which vary by jurisdiction
 but are generally from 3 to 5 years. 
The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) initiated its audit of our fiscal 2011 and fiscal 2012 tax years during fiscal 2013. Currently
 several state
During fiscal 2013
 the IRS concluded its field examination of our 2009 and 2010 tax years. The IRS has
proposed adjustments related to the timing for deducting accrued bonus expenses. We believe our position is supported by substantial technical authority and have filed an appeal with the IRS Appeals Division (IRS Appeals). The audit closure and
related proposed adjustments did not have a material impact on our current year results of operations or financial position. If we are unsuccessful in defending our position with respect to accrued bonuses
 we will incur a one-time cash tax payment
of approximately $80 million. As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 we have effectively settled all issues with the IRS for fiscal years 2008 and prior. 
Also during fiscal 2013
 the California Court of Appeal issued an adverse decision concerning our state income tax apportionment calculations. We had
previously recorded an $11.5 million increase in our total liabilities for uncertain tax positions in fiscal 2011 following an unfavorable decision by the Superior Court of the State of California related to this matter. We expect to pay a majority
During fiscal 2012
 we reached a settlement with IRS Appeals concerning research and


 we reached a settlement with IRS Appeals concerning certain corporate income tax adjustments for fiscal years 2002 to 2008. The adjustments primarily relate to the amount of capital
loss
 depreciation
 and amortization we reported as a result of the sale of noncontrolling interests in our GMC subsidiary. As a result
 we recorded a $108.1 million reduction in our total liabilities for uncertain tax positions in fiscal 2011. We
The Canadian Revenue Agency (CRA) reviewed our Canadian
income tax returns for fiscal years 2003 to 2005 and raised assessments for these years to which we have objected. During fiscal 2013
 the issue related to our 2003 fiscal year was resolved with no adjustment. The issue for fiscal years 2004 and
2005 is currently under review by the U.S. and Canadian competent authority divisions. The CRA initiated its audit of our fiscal years 2008 through 2011 during fiscal year 2013. The CRA audit for fiscal 2008 was closed with no significant
adjustments. The audit for fiscal years 2009 through 2011 is ongoing. 
 



We do not anticipate that any United States or Canadian tax adjustments will have a significant impact on
We apply a more-likely-than-not threshold to the recognition and derecognition of uncertain
tax positions. Accordingly
 we recognize the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement. Future changes in judgment related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax
The following table sets forth changes in our total gross unrecognized tax
benefit liabilities
 excluding accrued interest
 for fiscal 2013. Approximately $92 million of this total represents the amount that
 if recognized
 would affect our effective income tax rate in future periods. This amount differs from the gross
unrecognized tax benefits presented in the table because certain of the liabilities below would impact deferred taxes if recognized or are the result of stock compensation items impacting additional paid-in capital. We also would record a decrease
in U.S. federal income taxes upon recognition of the state tax benefits included therein. 




























Balance
 beginning of year















































































Balance
 end of year


















As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 we expect to pay approximately $12 million of unrecognized tax benefit liabilities and accrued
interest within the next 12 months. We are not able to reasonably estimate the timing of future cash flows beyond 12 months due to uncertainties in the timing of tax audit outcomes. The remaining amount of our unrecognized tax liability was
We report accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefit liabilities in income tax
expense. For fiscal 2013
 we recognized a net benefit of $3.0 million of tax-related net interest and penalties
 and had $53.1 million of accrued interest and penalties as of May&nbsp;26
 2013. For fiscal 2012
 we recognized $0.2 million associated
with tax-related interest and penalties
 and had $49.3 million of accrued interest and penalties as of May&nbsp;27
NOTE 15. LEASES
OTHER COMMITMENTS
 AND CONTINGENCIES 

































































































Some operating leases require payment of property taxes
 insurance
 and maintenance costs in addition to the rent
payments. Contingent and escalation rent in excess of minimum rent payments and sublease income netted in rent expense were insignificant. 
 



 






































































































































These future lease commitments will be partially offset by estimated future sublease receipts of approximately $8.3
As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 we have
issued guarantees and comfort letters of $356.3 million for the debt and other obligations of consolidated subsidiaries
 and guarantees and comfort letters of $258.7 million for the debt and other obligations of non-consolidated affiliates
 mainly
CPW. In addition
 off-balance sheet arrangements are generally limited to the future payments under non-cancelable operating leases
 which totaled $437.7 million as of May&nbsp;26


course of our business.&nbsp;In our opinion
 there were no claims or litigation pending as of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 that were reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of


 59.7 percent of our fiscal 2013 consolidated net sales;
International
 29.3 percent of our fiscal 2013 consolidated net sales; and Bakeries and Foodservice


 mass merchandisers
 membership stores
 natural food chains
 and drug
 dollar and discount chains operating throughout the
United States. Our product categories in this business segment include ready-to-eat cereals
 refrigerated yogurt
 ready-to-serve soup
 dry dinners
 shelf stable and frozen vegetables
 refrigerated and frozen dough products
 dessert and baking mixes
frozen pizza and pizza snacks
 grain
 fruit and savory snacks
 and a wide variety of organic products including granola bars
 cereal
 and soup. 
Our International segment consists of retail and foodservice businesses outside of the United States. In Canada
 our product categories include
ready-to-eat cereals
 shelf stable and frozen vegetables
 dry dinners
 refrigerated and frozen dough products
 dessert and baking mixes
 frozen pizza snacks
 refrigerated yogurt
 and grain and fruit snacks. In markets outside North America
 our
product categories include super-premium ice cream and frozen desserts
 refrigerated yogurt
 snacks
 shelf stable and frozen vegetables
 refrigerated and frozen dough products
 and dry dinners. Our International segment also includes products
manufactured in the United States for export
 mainly to Caribbean and Latin American markets
 as well as products we manufacture for sale to our international joint ventures. Revenues from export activities and franchise fees are reported in the
region or country where the end customer is located. 
 



In our Bakeries and Foodservice segment our product categories include ready-to-eat cereals
 snacks
refrigerated yogurt
 unbaked and fully baked frozen dough products
 baking mixes
 and flour. Many products we sell are branded to the consumer and nearly all are branded to our customers. We sell to distributors and operators in many customer
channels including foodservice
 convenience stores
 vending


 impairment
 and other exit costs. Unallocated corporate items include corporate overhead expenses
 variances to
planned domestic employee benefits and incentives
 contributions to the General Mills Foundation
 and other items that are not part of our measurement of segment operating performance. These include gains and losses arising from the revaluation of
certain grain inventories and gains and losses from mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions until passed back to our operating segments. These items affecting operating profit are centrally managed at the corporate level and are
excluded from the measure of segment profitability reviewed by executive management. Under our supply chain organization
 our manufacturing
 warehouse
 and distribution activities are substantially integrated across our operations in order to
maximize efficiency and productivity. As a result



















































10
614.9



10
480.2



10
163.9





5
200.2



4
194.3



2
875.5





1
959.0



1
983.4



1
840.8





17
774.1



16
657.9



14
880.2



















2
392.9



2
295.3



2
347.9

































3
197.7



3
011.6



2
945.6






























Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs
















2
851.8



2
562.4



2
774.5
















 



 





















































3
024.0



2
649.6



2
371.9





2
908.4



2
595.7



1
625.1





2
889.2



2
935.2



2
812.6





2
802.9



2
611.8



2
437.6





1
999.5



1
902.9



1
789.7





1
944.7



1
925.5



1
895.4





1
089.5



1
082.5



1
095.6

































17
774.1



16
657.9



14
880.2


































































12
573.1



12
462.1



11
987.8





5
201.0



4
195.8



2
892.4





17
774.1



16
657.9



14
880.2






























May&nbsp;26




May&nbsp;27














































































May&nbsp;26




May&nbsp;27




Land
 buildings
 and equipment:












2
752.7



2
804.9





1
125.4









3
878.1



3
652.7












 



















May&nbsp;26




May&nbsp;27

















1
466.3



1
345.3















1
446.4



1
323.6


























May&nbsp;26




May&nbsp;27



























1
228.7



1
211.8

























1
545.5



1
478.8















Inventories of $897.8 million as of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 and $930.2 million as of May&nbsp;27
 2012
 were valued at LIFO. During fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 LIFO
inventory layers were reduced. Results of operations were not materially affected by these liquidations of LIFO inventory. The difference between replacement cost and the stated LIFO inventory value is not materially different from the reserve for
the LIFO valuation method. 














May&nbsp;26




May&nbsp;27


































Derivative receivables
 primarily commodity-related































































May&nbsp;26




May&nbsp;27




Land
 buildings
 and equipment:






















2
168.3



1
980.6















5
731.1



5
257.2
































Total land
 buildings
 and equipment


8
932.9



8
284.7





(5
054.8



(4
632.0





3
878.1



3
652.7












 

















May&nbsp;26




May&nbsp;27


































































































May&nbsp;26




May&nbsp;27






















































Accrued interest
 including interest rate swaps




















































1
827.7



1
426.6


























May&nbsp;26




May&nbsp;27














Accrued compensation and benefits
 including obligations for underfunded other postretirement and postemployment benefit
plans


1
560.2



1
853.1

























1
952.9



2
189.8









































































Advertising and media expense (including production and communication
costs)



























 



The components of interest
 net are as follows: 






















Expense (Income)
 in Millions




















































Interest
 net











































































































































In Millions
 Except Per

































































4
051.0



3
847.6



4
881.8



4
623.8



4
430.6



4
120.1



4
410.7



4
066.4















1
628.3



1
446.5



1
742.3



1
594.7



1
522.7



1
507.4



1
530.6



1
496.1



















































































































































































































































































































During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013
 we finalized the purchase accounting for certain assets and liabilities related
During the fourth quarter of
fiscal 2012
 we finalized the purchase accounting for certain assets and liabilities related to the acquisitions of Yoplait S.A.S. and Yoplait Marques S.A.S. We recorded final adjustments that resulted in a $38.7 million decrease in goodwill.

 





payable
 long-term debt including current portion
 redeemable interest
 noncontrolling interests
 and stockholders&#146; equity excluding AOCI
 and certain after-tax earnings adjustments are used to calculate return on average total capital. The




with the end of production under an approved restructuring plan
Financial
instruments such as futures
 swaps
 options
 and forward contracts that we use to manage our risk arising from changes in commodity prices
 interest rates
 foreign exchange rates
 and stock prices. 
For purposes of fair value measurement
 we categorize assets and liabilities into one of three levels based on the
assumptions (inputs) used in valuing the asset or liability. Level 1 provides the most reliable measure of fair value
 while Level 3 generally requires significant management judgment. The three levels are defined as follows: 











Observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1
 such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets or quoted prices for identical
assets or liabilities in inactive markets. 





The sum of earnings before income taxes and fixed charges (before tax)
 divided by the sum of the fixed charges
Guidelines
 procedures
 and practices that we are required
The difference between the purchase


qualifying hedges that allows changes in a hedging instrument&#146;s fair value to offset corresponding changes in the hedged item in the same reporting period. Hedge accounting is permitted for certain hedging instruments and hedged items only if
the hedging relationship is highly effective
Interest
bearing instruments. 
 long-term debt
 including current portion
 cash and cash equivalents
 and certain interest bearing investments classified within prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets. 

The act of determining a value for financial instruments
 commodity contracts
 and related assets or liabilities based on the
current market price for that item. 
 



Realized and unrealized gains and losses
Net price
realization. 
Our
consolidated results for fiscal 2013 include operating activity from the acquisitions of Yoki Alimentos S.A. in Brazil (second quarter of fiscal 2013)
 Yoplait Ireland (first quarter of fiscal 2013)
 Food Should Taste Good in the United States
(fourth quarter of fiscal 2012)
 Parampara Foods in India (first quarter of fiscal 2013)
 Immaculate Baking Company in the United States (third quarter of fiscal 2013)
 and the assumption of the Canadian Yoplait franchise license (second quarter of
fiscal 2013).&nbsp;Also included in the first quarter of fiscal 2013 are two additional months of results from the acquisition of Yoplait S.A.S. (first quarter of fiscal 2012).&nbsp;Collectively
 these items are referred to as &#147;new
Interests of subsidiaries held by
The principal amount on which fixed-rate or floating-rate interest payments are calculated.


 divided by the sum of notes payable and long-term debt
 including current portion. 
Interest of subsidiaries held by a third party that can be redeemed outside of our control and therefore cannot be classified
An operating segment or a business one level below an operating segment.
Net earnings attributable to General Mills
 excluding after-tax net interest
 and adjusted for
certain items affecting year-over-year comparability
Segment
Costs incurred to produce and deliver product
including costs for ingredients and conversion
 inventory management
 logistics
Notes payable and
long-term debt
The impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements of
The impact of the conversion of our foreign
Variable interest
entities (VIEs). 
Current assets and current
liabilities
 all as of the last day of our fiscal year. 





 






We
 under the
supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 have evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule
13a-15(e) under the 1934 Act). Based on that evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that
 as of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the 1934 Act is (1)&nbsp;recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time periods specified in applicable rules and forms
 and (2)&nbsp;accumulated and communicated to our
management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer


 2013
 that have materially affected
or are reasonably likely to materially affect
MANAGEMENT&#146;S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL
The management of General Mills
 Inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control
over financial reporting
 as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the 1934 Act. The Company&#146;s internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and the Board of Directors regarding the preparation
and fair presentation of published financial statements. Under the supervision and with the participation of management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 we conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting as of May&nbsp;26
 2013. In making this assessment

Internal Control &#150; Integrated
Framework (1992)
 management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of May&nbsp;26
KPMG
LLP
 our independent registered public accounting firm
 has issued a report on the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 
























July&nbsp;3


Firm&#148; in Item&nbsp;8 of this report. 








Directors


&#148; &#147;Director Nominations
&#148; and &#147;Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance&#148; contained in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. 
 



 
The information regarding our Audit Committee
 including the members of the Audit Committee and audit committee financial experts
 set forth in the


 including our principal executive officer
 principal financial officer
 and principal accounting officer. A copy of the Code of Conduct is
available on our website at 




The information
contained in the sections entitled &#147;Executive Compensation
&#148; &#147;Director Compensation
&#148; and &#147;Compensation Risk Assessment&#148; in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated
herein by reference. 




The information contained in the section entitled &#147;Ownership of General Mills Common Stock by Directors
 Officers and Certain Beneficial
EQUITY
The following table provides certain information as of May&nbsp;26
 2013 with respect to our equity
compensation plans: 


















be
Outstanding Options



Exercise Price
Options
&nbsp;Warrants



Compensation
Plans





58
139
658







35
492
790





195
182













58
334
840







35
492
790























Includes 47
669
911 stock options
 8
416
230 restricted stock units
 and 2
053
517 restricted stock units that have vested and been deferred. We granted these awards
under the following active stockholder-approved plans: 2011 Stock Compensation Plan and 2011 Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors; and the following stockholder-approved plans that have been discontinued for stock awards: 2001 Compensation
Plan for Non-Employee Directors; 2003 Stock Compensation Plan; 2005 Stock Compensation Plan; 2006 Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors; 2007 Stock Compensation Plan; 2009 Stock Compensation Plan; and Executive Incentive Plan. No future stock
awards may be granted under any of the discontinued plans. 



Includes 2
200 stock options and 192
982 restricted stock units that have vested and been deferred. These awards include stock options granted to a broad group of
employees in fiscal 2003 and 2004
 and grants in lieu of salary increases and certain other compensation and benefits. We granted these awards under our 1998 Employee Stock Plan
 which provided for the issuance of stock options
 restricted stock and
restricted stock units to attract and retain employees and to align their interests with those of stockholders. We discontinued the 1998 Employee Stock Plan in September 2003
 and no future awards may be granted under that plan.




Includes stock options
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 shares of unrestricted stock
 stock appreciation rights
 and performance awards that we may award
under our 2011 Stock Compensation Plan
 which had 34
310
614 shares available for grant at May&nbsp;26
 2013. Also includes stock options and restricted stock units that we may award under our 2011 Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors
 which
had 1
182
176 shares available for grant at May&nbsp;26
 2013. 
100







Certain Relationships and Related Transactions


Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. 




The information contained in the section entitled &#147;Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees&#148; in our definitive Proxy Statement for
our 2013 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. 




Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules 





Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the fiscal years ended May&nbsp;26
 2013
&nbsp;May&nbsp;27
 2012
 and May&nbsp;29
 2011.
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended May&nbsp;26
 2013
&nbsp;May&nbsp;27
 2012
 and
May&nbsp;29
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 and May&nbsp;27
 2012. 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended May&nbsp;26
 2013
&nbsp;May&nbsp;27
 2012
 and May&nbsp;29
 2011.
Consolidated Statements of Total Equity and Redeemable Interest for the fiscal years ended May&nbsp;26
2013
&nbsp;May&nbsp;27
 2012
 and May&nbsp;29
 2011. 







 2013
&nbsp;May&nbsp;27
 2012
 and May&nbsp;29


101




















Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
May 31
 2009).






By-laws of the Registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 11
 2008).






Indenture
 dated as of February 1
 1996
 between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association (f/k/a First Trust of Illinois
 National Association) (incorporated herein by
reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed February 6
 1996 (File no. 333-00745)).






First Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of May 18
 2009
 between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to
Registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31
 2009).






1998 Employee Stock Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended February 22
2009).






2001 Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended
August 29
 2010).






2003 Stock Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended August 29
2010).






2005 Stock Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended August 29
2010).






2006 Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended
August 29
 2010).






2007 Stock Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended August 29
2010).






2009 Stock Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended August 29
2010).






2011 Stock Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended November 27
2011).






2011 Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended
November 27
 2011).






Executive Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended August 29
2010).






Executive Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended November 28
2010).






Separation Pay and Benefits Program for Officers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended
February 22
 2009).






Supplemental Savings Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended February 22
2009).
102












Supplemental Retirement Plan (Grandfathered) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended
February&nbsp;22
 2009).






2005 Supplemental Retirement Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended February 22
2009).






Deferred Compensation Plan (Grandfathered) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended
February 22
 2009).






2005 Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended February 22
2009).






Executive Survivor Income Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 29
2005).






Aircraft Time Sharing Agreement
 dated December 12
 2007
 between General Mills Sales
 Inc. and Kendall J. Powell (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 14
 2007).






Supplemental Benefits Trust Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended November 27
2011).






Supplemental Benefits Trust Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended November 27
2011).






Agreements
 dated November 29
 1989
 by and between the Registrant and Nestle S.A. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended May 28
 2000).






Protocol and Addendum No. 1 to Protocol of Cereal Partners Worldwide
 dated November 21
 1989
 between the Registrant and Nestle S.A. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
10.16 to Registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 27
 2001).






Addendum No. 2 to the Protocol of Cereal Partners Worldwide
 dated March 16
 1993
 between the Registrant and Nestle S.A. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to
Registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 30
 2004).






Addendum No. 3 to the Protocol of Cereal Partners Worldwide
 effective as of March 15
 1993
 between the Registrant and Nestle S.A. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2
to Registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 28
 2000).




&nbsp;
+

Addenda Nos. 4 and 5 to the Protocol of Cereal Partners Worldwide between the Registrant and Nestle S.A. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to Registrant&#146;s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31
 2009).






Addendum No. 10 to the Protocol of Cereal Partners Worldwide
 dated January 1
 2010
 among the Registrant
 Nestle S.A. and CPW S.A. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1
to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended February 28
 2010).




&nbsp;
+

Addendum No. 11 to the Protocol of Cereal Partners Worldwide
 dated July 17
 2012
 among the Registrant
 Nestle S.A.
 and CPW S.A. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1
to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended August 26
 2012).






Five-Year Credit Agreement
 dated as of April 16
 2012
 among the Registrant
 the several financial institutions from time to time party to the agreement
 and JPMorgan Chase Bank
N.A.
 as Administrative Agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 20
 2012).
103












Three-Year Credit Agreement
 dated as of April&nbsp;16
 2012
 among the Registrant
 the several financial institutions from time to time party to the agreement
 and JPMorgan Chase
Bank
 N.A.
 as Administrative Agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April&nbsp;20
 2012).






Amendment No. 1 to Five-Year Credit Agreement
 dated as of May 18
 2012
 among the Registrant
 the several financial institutions from time to time party to the agreement
 and
JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 as Administrative Agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to Registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 27
 2012).






Amendment No. 1 to Three-Year Credit Agreement
 dated as of May 18
 2012
 among the Registrant
 the several financial institutions from time to time party to the agreement
 and
JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 as Administrative Agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to Registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 27
 2012).























































The following materials from the Registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 26
 2013 formatted in eXtensible Business Reporting Language: (i) the
Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Earnings; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Total Equity and Redeemable Interest; (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash
Flows; (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements; and (vii) Schedule II &#150; Valuation of Qualifying Accounts.








Confidential


 copies of certain instruments defining the rights of holders of our long-term debt are not filed and
 in lieu thereof
 we agree to furnish copies to
the SEC upon request. 
104






 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly
authorized. 














GENERAL MILLS
 INC.






Dated: July&nbsp;3
 2013





















Title:&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Executive Vice President



105




Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by
the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 





















Chairman of the Board
 Chief Executive Officer


July&nbsp;3
 2013











July&nbsp;3
 2013








Vice President
 Controller


July&nbsp;3
 2013










June 30
 2013










June 25
 2013










June 25
 2013










July&nbsp;3
 2013










July&nbsp;3
 2013










June 25
 2013










June 25
 2013










July&nbsp;3
 2013










July&nbsp;3
 2013










July&nbsp;3
 2013










July&nbsp;3
 2013










June 25
 2013

106




General Mills



































































































































































Adjustments due to acquisition
 translation of amounts
 and other





























































Additions charged to expense
 including translation amounts













































































































107




 






























































The following materials from the Registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 26
 2013 formatted in eXtensible Business Reporting Language: (i) the
Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Earnings; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Total Equity and Redeemable Interest; (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash
Flows; (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements; and (vii) Schedule II &#150; Valuation of Qualifying Accounts.

108













































In Millions
 Except Ratios

May 26




May 27




May 29




May 30




May 31










2
534.9



2
210.5



2
428.2



2
204.5



1
942.2














































Plus: Amortization of capitalized interest
 net of interest capitalized



























3
050.3



2
704.8



2
911.4



2
716.3



2
471.9

















































































































































For purposes of computing the ratio of earnings to fixed charges
 earnings represent earnings before income taxes and
after-tax earnings of joint ventures
 distributed income of equity investees
 fixed charges
 and amortization of capitalized interest
 net of interest capitalized. Fixed charges represent gross interest expense (excluding interest on taxes) and
subsidiary preferred distributions to noncontrolling interest holders
 plus one-third (the proportion deemed representative of the interest factor) of rent expense. 





























AESR
 LLC



























COLOMBO
 INC.







FOODSHOULDTASTEGOOD
 INC.



GARDETTO&#146;S BAKERY
 INC.



GCOM ENTERPRISES
 INC.



GENERAL MILLS (CHINA) HOLDING CO.
 LTD.











GENERAL MILLS ARGENTINA L.S.
 LLC























GENERAL MILLS BELGIUM
 VOF































GENERAL MILLS CAPITAL
 INC.











GENERAL MILLS CEREALS PROPERTIES
 LLC



GENERAL MILLS CEREALS
 LLC















GENERAL MILLS DE MEXICO
 S. DE R.L. DE C.V.



GENERAL MILLS DE VENEZUELA
 C.A.



GENERAL MILLS DIRECT MARKETING
 INC.















GENERAL MILLS FINANCE
 INC.



















GENERAL MILLS FOODS (SANHE) CO.
 LTD.







GENERAL MILLS FOODS
 INC.























































































































GENERAL MILLS IBERICA
 S.A. UNIPERSONAL







GENERAL MILLS INTERNATIONAL (THAILAND) CO.
 LTD.



GENERAL MILLS INTERNATIONAL BUSINESSES TWO
 INC.



GENERAL MILLS INTERNATIONAL BUSINESSES
 INC.



GENERAL MILLS INTERNATIONAL FINANCE
 LLC







GENERAL MILLS INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS
 LLC











GENERAL MILLS IP HOLDINGS I
 LLC



GENERAL MILLS IP HOLDINGS II
 LLC











GENERAL MILLS KOREA CO.
 LTD.

Korea
&nbsp;Republic&nbsp;of

























GENERAL MILLS MAARSSEN HOLDING
 INC.















GENERAL MILLS MARKETING
 INC.



GENERAL MILLS MAURITIUS
 INC.















GENERAL MILLS MISSOURI
 INC.











GENERAL MILLS OPERATIONS
 LLC







GENERAL MILLS PROPERTIES
 INC.



GENERAL MILLS RH
 INC.



GENERAL MILLS RIGHTS HOLDINGS
 LLC







GENERAL MILLS SALES
 INC.



GENERAL MILLS SAN ADRIAN
 S.L. UNIPERSONAL











GENERAL MILLS SERVICES
 INC.







GENERAL MILLS SPECIALTY PRODUCTS
 LLC



























GENERAL MILLS VENTAS DE MEXICO
 S. DE R.L. DE C.V.



GIGANTE VERDE
 LLC











GM CEREALS HOLDINGS
 INC.



GM CEREALS MANAGER
 INC.



GM CLASS B
 INC.



GREEN GIANT INTERNATIONAL
 LLC



GUANGZHOU PILLSBURY V. PEARL FOODS CO.
 LTD.











HAAGEN-DAZS INTERNATIONAL SHOPPE COMPANY
 INC.











HD DISTRIBUTORS (THAILAND) CO.
 LTD.



HD MARKETING&nbsp;&amp; DISTRIBUTION PHILIPPINES
 INC.















HDIP
 INC.































LIBERTE USA
 LLC



MILL CITY
 LLC



























PILLSBURY MEXICO
 S.A. DE C.V.



PILLSBURY PHILIPPINES INTERNATIONAL
 INC.



















SHANGHAI HAAGEN-DAZS FOOD TRADING CO.
 LTD.



SHANGHAI PILLSBURY FROZEN FOODS
 LIMITED



SMALL PLANET FOODS
 INC.



















THE PILLSBURY COMPANY
 LLC



















































































YOPLAIT USA
 INC.
















































CEREAL ASSOCIADOS PORTUGAL
 A.E.I.E.











CEREAL PARTNERS CZECH REPUBLIC
 s.r.o.



CEREAL PARTNERS ESPANA
 A.E.I.E.



CEREAL PARTNERS FRANCE
 SNC















CEREAL PARTNERS MEXICO
 S.A. DE C.V.















CEREAL PARTNERS SLOVAK REPUBLIC
 s.r.o.































































CPW PHILIPPINES
 INC.















CPW TRINIDAD AND TOBAGO
 LTD.







HAAGEN-DAZS JAPAN
 INC.



HAAGEN-DAZS KOREA CO.
 LTD.

Korea
 Republic of
























General Mills
 Inc.: 
We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No.&nbsp;333-176243 and 333-179621) on Form S-3 and registration statements
(No.&nbsp;2-50327
 2-53523
 2-95574
 33-27628
 33-32059
 333-32509
 333-65311
 333-90010
 333-90012
 333-109050
 333-131195
 333-139997
 333-148820
 333-163849
 and 333-179622) on Form S-8 of General Mills
 Inc. of our report dated July 3
 2013
with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of General Mills
 Inc. as of May 26
 2013 and May 27
 2012
 and the related consolidated statements of earnings
 comprehensive income
 total equity and redeemable interest
 and cash flows for each of
the years in the three-year period ended May 26
 2013
 and the related financial statement schedule
 and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of May 26
 2013
 which report appears in the May 26
 2013 annual report on
Form 10-K of General Mills


July 3
 2013 















 Kendall
J. Powell
 certify that: 



I have reviewed this annual report on Form&nbsp;10-K of General Mills
 Inc.; 




Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 



Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 



The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules&nbsp;13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules&nbsp;13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 





designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 





designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 





evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 




disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and




The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the
registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 




all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 




any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial
reporting. 




Date: July 3
 2013


























 Donal L.
Mulligan
 certify that: 



I have reviewed this annual report on Form&nbsp;10-K of General Mills
 Inc.; 




Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in
light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 



Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 



The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules&nbsp;13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules&nbsp;13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 





designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material
information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 





designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 





evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#146;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 




disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and




The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the
registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 




all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 




any fraud
 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial
reporting. 




Date: July 3
 2013


























 Kendall
J. Powell
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of General Mills
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 certify
 pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 18&nbsp;U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 that: 




the Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended May&nbsp;26
 2013
 (the &#147;Report&#148;) fully complies with the requirements of
Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15&nbsp;U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and 



the information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.





Date:&nbsp;July 3
 2013


























 Donal L.
Mulligan
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of General Mills
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 certify
 pursuant to Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 18&nbsp;U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 that: 




the Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K of the Company for the fiscal year ended May&nbsp;26
 2013
 (the &#147;Report&#148;) fully complies with the requirements of
Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15&nbsp;U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and 



the information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company.





Date:&nbsp;July 3
 2013



























      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      



    


    




        


        




    


    


    

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  





 we have changed the reporting period of certain countries within our International segment from an April fiscal year end to a May fiscal year end to match our fiscal calendar. Accordingly
 in the year of change


 therefore




  
  
  

 using the last-in
 first-out (LIFO) method

 using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method
 or market.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;Shipping costs associated with the distribution of finished product to our customers are recorded as cost of sales
 and are recognized when the related finished product is shipped to and accepted by the customer.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;margin-left:0px;&gt;Land
 Buildings
 Equipment

 including capitalized interest and internal engineering costs
 are recorded at cost and depreciated over estimated useful lives
 primarily using the straight-line method. Ordinary maintenance and repairs are charged to cost of sales. Buildings are usually depreciated over 40 to 50 years
 and equipment
 furniture


 if any
 are recognized in earnings. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;May 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 assets held for sale were insignificant.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset (or asset group) may not be recoverable. An impairment loss would be recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows from the operation and disposition of the asset group are less than the carrying amount of the asset group. Asset groups have identifiable cash flows and are largely independent of other asset groups. Measurement of an impairment loss would be based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset group over its fair value. Fair value is measured using a discounted cash flow model or independent appraisals

 including goodwill
 to the fair value of the unit. Carrying value is based on the assets and liabilities associated with the operations of that reporting unit
 which often requires allocation of shared or corporate items among reporting units. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 we revalue all assets and liabilities of the reporting unit
 excluding goodwill
 to determine if the fair value of the net assets is greater than the net assets including goodwill. If the fair value of the net assets is less than the carrying amount of net assets including goodwill
 impairment has occurred. Our estimates of fair value are determined based on a discounted cash flow model. Growth rates for sales and profits are determined using inputs from our annual long-range planning process. We also make estimates of discount rates
 perpetuity growth assumptions


 201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;2

 mainly brands
 to determine if they are finite or indefinite-lived. Reaching a determination on useful life requires significant judgments and assumptions regarding the future effects of obsolescence
 demand
 competition
 other economic factors (such as the stability of the industry
 known technological advances
 legislative action that results in an uncertain or changing regulatory environment
 and expected changes in distribution channels)
 the level of required maintenance expenditures

 over their useful lives












&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; and a discount rate. As of our assessment date

 primarily acquired franchise agreements and customer relationships


 incur various expenses (primarily research and development)
 and record the tax impact of certain joint venture operations that are structured as partnerships. In addition
 we make advances to our joint ventures in the form of loans or capital investments. We also sell certain raw materials
 semi-finished goods
 and finished goods to the joint ventures
 generally at market prices.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;In addition

 but not limited to
 ongoing&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; operating losses
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; projected decreases in earnings

 royalty rates
 capital spending
 depreciation and taxes

 these projections and assumptions are uncertain. If we were to determine the current fair value of our investment was less than the carrying value of the investment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 2011




 we adjusted the redeemable interest's redemption value based on a discounted cash flow model. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;The significant assumptions used to estimate the redemption value include projected revenue growth and profitability from our long range plan
 capital spending
 depreciation and taxes
 foreign currency rates

 2013

 financial condition
 or liquidity as of and for the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;May 26

 the involvement of each of the interest holders


 trade promotion and other costs
 including estimated allowances for returns
 unsalable product
 and prompt pay discounts. Sales
 use
 value-added
 and other excise taxes are not recognized in revenue. Coupons are recorded when distributed
 based on estimated redemption rates. Trade promotions are recorded based on estimated participation and performance levels for offered programs at the time of sale. We generally do not allow a right of return. However
 on a limited case-by-case basis with prior approval
 we may allow customers to return product. In limited circumstances
 product returned in saleable condition is resold to other customers or outlets. Receivables from customers generally do not bear interest. Terms and collection patterns vary around the world and by channel. The allowance for doubtful accounts represents our estimate of probable non-payments and credit losses in our existing receivables


 and the annual expenditures are comprised primarily of internal salaries
 wages
 consulting
 and other supplies attributable to time spent on R&amp;amp;D activities. Other costs include depreciation and maintenance of research facilities



 and are recorded in either current or noncurrent assets or liabilities based on their maturity. Changes in the fair values of derivatives are recorded in net earnings or other comprehensive income

 if so




 the related compensation cost is recognized immediately for awards granted to retirement-eligible individuals or over the period from the grant date to the date retirement eligibility is achieved
 if less than the stated vesting period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;We report the benefits of tax deductions in excess of recognized compensation cost as a financing cash flow
 thereby reducing net operating cash flows and increasing net financing cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;margin-left:0px;&gt;Defined Benefit Pension
 Other Postretirement

 health care
 and other welfare benefits to retired employees. Under certain circumstances
 we also provide accruable benefits to former or inactive employees in the United States and Canada and members of our Board of Directors

 disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates include our accounting for promotional expenditures
 valuation of long-lived assets
 intangible assets
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; redeemable interest
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; stock-based compensation
 income taxes
 and defined benefit pension

 we adopted new accounting guidance for the presentation of other comprehensive income (OCI). This guidance requires entities to present net income and OCI in either a single continuous statement or in separate consecutive statements. The guidance does not change the components of net income or OCI
 when OCI should be reclassified to net income
 or the earnings per share (EPS) calculation. This guidance did not have an impact our results of operations or financial position.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;In fiscal 2013
 we adopted new accounting guidance intended to simplify indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment testing. Entities are allowed to perform a qualitative assessment of indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment to determine whether a quantitative assessment is necessary. We adopted this guidance for our annual indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment test for fiscal 2013
 which was conducted as of the first day of the third quarter. The adoption of this guidance did not have an impact on our results of operations or financial position. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;In fiscal 2012



 we adopted new accounting guidance on the consolidation model for VIEs. The guidance requires companies to qualitatively assess the determination of the primary beneficiary of a VIE based on whether the company (1) has the power to direct matters that most significantly impact the VIE's economic performance

  

 using the last-in
 first-out (LIFO) method

 using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method
 or market.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;Shipping costs associated with the distribution of finished product to our customers are recorded as cost of sales


 Buildings
 Equipment

 including capitalized interest and internal engineering costs
 are recorded at cost and depreciated over estimated useful lives
 primarily using the straight-line method. Ordinary maintenance and repairs are charged to cost of sales. Buildings are usually depreciated over 40 to 50 years
 and equipment
 furniture


 if any
 are recognized in earnings. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;May 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 assets held for sale were insignificant.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset (or asset group) may not be recoverable. An impairment loss would be recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows from the operation and disposition of the asset group are less than the carrying amount of the asset group. Asset groups have identifiable cash flows and are largely independent of other asset groups. Measurement of an impairment loss would be based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset group over its fair value. Fair value is measured using a discounted cash flow model or independent appraisals


 including goodwill
 to the fair value of the unit. Carrying value is based on the assets and liabilities associated with the operations of that reporting unit
 which often requires allocation of shared or corporate items among reporting units. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 we revalue all assets and liabilities of the reporting unit
 excluding goodwill
 to determine if the fair value of the net assets is greater than the net assets including goodwill. If the fair value of the net assets is less than the carrying amount of net assets including goodwill
 impairment has occurred. Our estimates of fair value are determined based on a discounted cash flow model. Growth rates for sales and profits are determined using inputs from our annual long-range planning process. We also make estimates of discount rates
 perpetuity growth assumptions


 201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;2

 mainly brands
 to determine if they are finite or indefinite-lived. Reaching a determination on useful life requires significant judgments and assumptions regarding the future effects of obsolescence
 demand
 competition
 other economic factors (such as the stability of the industry
 known technological advances
 legislative action that results in an uncertain or changing regulatory environment
 and expected changes in distribution channels)
 the level of required maintenance expenditures

 over their useful lives












&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; and a discount rate. As of our assessment date

 primarily acquired franchise agreements and customer relationships


  
  

 incur various expenses (primarily research and development)
 and record the tax impact of certain joint venture operations that are structured as partnerships. In addition
 we make advances to our joint ventures in the form of loans or capital investments. We also sell certain raw materials
 semi-finished goods
 and finished goods to the joint ventures
 generally at market prices.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;In addition

 but not limited to
 ongoing&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; operating losses
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; projected decreases in earnings

 royalty rates
 capital spending
 depreciation and taxes

 these projections and assumptions are uncertain. If we were to determine the current fair value of our investment was less than the carrying value of the investment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 2011




 we adjusted the redeemable interest's redemption value based on a discounted cash flow model. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;The significant assumptions used to estimate the redemption value include projected revenue growth and profitability from our long range plan
 capital spending
 depreciation and taxes
 foreign currency rates


 2013

 financial condition
 or liquidity as of and for the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;May 26

 the involvement of each of the interest holders



 trade promotion and other costs
 including estimated allowances for returns
 unsalable product
 and prompt pay discounts. Sales
 use
 value-added
 and other excise taxes are not recognized in revenue. Coupons are recorded when distributed
 based on estimated redemption rates. Trade promotions are recorded based on estimated participation and performance levels for offered programs at the time of sale. We generally do not allow a right of return. However
 on a limited case-by-case basis with prior approval
 we may allow customers to return product. In limited circumstances
 product returned in saleable condition is resold to other customers or outlets. Receivables from customers generally do not bear interest. Terms and collection patterns vary around the world and by channel. The allowance for doubtful accounts represents our estimate of probable non-payments and credit losses in our existing receivables



  

 and the annual expenditures are comprised primarily of internal salaries
 wages
 consulting
 and other supplies attributable to time spent on R&amp;amp;D activities. Other costs include depreciation and maintenance of research facilities





 and are recorded in either current or noncurrent assets or liabilities based on their maturity. Changes in the fair values of derivatives are recorded in net earnings or other comprehensive income

 if so





 the related compensation cost is recognized immediately for awards granted to retirement-eligible individuals or over the period from the grant date to the date retirement eligibility is achieved
 if less than the stated vesting period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;We report the benefits of tax deductions in excess of recognized compensation cost as a financing cash flow


 Other Postretirement

 health care
 and other welfare benefits to retired employees. Under certain circumstances
 we also provide accruable benefits to former or inactive employees in the United States and Canada and members of our Board of Directors


 disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates include our accounting for promotional expenditures
 valuation of long-lived assets
 intangible assets
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; redeemable interest
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; stock-based compensation
 income taxes
 and defined benefit pension


 we adopted new accounting guidance for the presentation of other comprehensive income (OCI). This guidance requires entities to present net income and OCI in either a single continuous statement or in separate consecutive statements. The guidance does not change the components of net income or OCI
 when OCI should be reclassified to net income
 or the earnings per share (EPS) calculation. This guidance did not have an impact our results of operations or financial position.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;In fiscal 2013
 we adopted new accounting guidance intended to simplify indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment testing. Entities are allowed to perform a qualitative assessment of indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment to determine whether a quantitative assessment is necessary. We adopted this guidance for our annual indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment test for fiscal 2013
 which was conducted as of the first day of the third quarter. The adoption of this guidance did not have an impact on our results of operations or financial position. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;In fiscal 2012



 we adopted new accounting guidance on the consolidation model for VIEs. The guidance requires companies to qualitatively assess the determination of the primary beneficiary of a VIE based on whether the company (1) has the power to direct matters that most significantly impact the VIE's economic performance

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2012

 a privately held food company headquartered in Sao Bernardo do Campo
 Brazil
 for an aggregate purchase price of $939.8 million

 including snacks
 convenient meals
 basic foods


 including $261.3 million of non-cash consideration for debt assumed. We consolidated both entities into our Consolidated Balance Sheets and recorded goodwill of $1.5 billion. Indefinite lived intangible assets acquired primarily include brands of $476.0 million. Finite lived intangible assets acquired primarily include franchise agreements of $440.2 million and customer relationships of $107.3 million. In addition

 2013

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 IMPAIRMENT

 the project begins to deliver cash savings and/or reduced depreciation. These activities result in various restructuring costs

 exit charges including severance
 contract termination fees
 and decommissioning and other costs. Depreciation associated with restructured assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 we r&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;ecorded restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs pursuant to approved plans as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 388px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:388px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Expense







 we recorded restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs pursuant to approved plans as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 391px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:391px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Expense

 we recorded a $100.6 million restructuring charge related to a productivity and cost savings plan approved in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; The plan was designed to improve organizational effectiveness and focus on key growth strategies
 and included organizational changes to strengthen business alignment and actions to accelerate administrative efficiencies across all of our operating segments and support functions. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;In connection with this initiative

 $12.2 million related to our Bakeries and Foodservice segment
 $9.5 million related to our International segment

 we paid $3.8 million in cash related to restructuring actions taken in fiscal 2012 and previous years. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;In fiscal 2011
 we recorded restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs pursuant to approved plans as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 391px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:391px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Expense

 included in other current liabilities

Termination&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 11px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:11px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 61px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:61px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Other


 including foreign


 including foreign


 including foreign


 asset impairment charges
 the gain or loss on the sale of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; restructured assets



 we r&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;ecorded restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs pursuant to approved plans as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 388px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:388px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Expense

 we recorded restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs pursuant to approved plans as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 391px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:391px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Expense

 we recorded restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs pursuant to approved plans as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 391px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:391px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Expense

  
  
  

Termination&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 11px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:11px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 61px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:61px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Other


 including foreign


 including foreign


 including foreign


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



 distributes

2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 23px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:23px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 50px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:50px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27




552.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 50px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:50px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2
581.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2

057.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:2px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 50px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:50px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
084.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:2px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 23px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:23px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 50px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:50px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27

088.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 23px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:23px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 50px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:50px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

717.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 23px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:23px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 50px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:50px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

  


  

2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 23px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:23px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 50px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:50px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




552.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 50px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:50px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2
581.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2

057.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:2px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 50px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:50px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
084.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:2px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 23px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:23px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 50px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:50px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27

088.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 23px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:23px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 50px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:50px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

717.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 23px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:23px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 50px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:50px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1


2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 22px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:22px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 59px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:59px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27



499.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 22px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:22px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 59px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:59px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 4

 customer relationships

015.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 22px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:22px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 59px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:59px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 4


887.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;ased on the carrying value of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;finite-lived intangible assets as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;May 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;





 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 1px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:1px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 56px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:56px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 5


616.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 195px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:195px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Other activity

 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 1px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:1px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 56px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:56px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 5






622.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;The changes in the carrying amount of other intangible assets for fiscal 2011
 2012






 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 75px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:75px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 3



108.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 202px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:202px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Other activity

 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 75px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:75px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 3
297.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 4px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:4px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 15px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 78px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:78px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1







  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 22px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:22px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 59px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:59px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27



499.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 22px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:22px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 59px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:59px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 4

 customer relationships

015.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 22px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:22px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 59px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:59px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 4



  
  
  
  
  
  
  





 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 1px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:1px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 56px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:56px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 5


616.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 195px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:195px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Other activity

 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 1px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:1px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 56px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:56px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 5







  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  






 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 75px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:75px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 3



108.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 202px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:202px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Other activity

 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 75px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:75px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 3
297.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 4px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:4px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 15px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 78px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:78px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1







  
  
  
  



 receivables
 accounts payable
 other current liabilities
 and notes payable approximate fair value. Marketable securities are carried at fair value. As of May 26
 2013
 and May 27
 2012

 the security's maturity date
 or both. The aggregate unrealized gains and losses o&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;n available-for-sale securities
 net of tax effects


 2013

 including the current portion
 were $8
027.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; million and $7

 respectively
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of May 26


 we may enter into various derivative transactions (e.g.
 futures
 options

 including grains (oats
 wheat
 and corn)
 oils (principally soybean)
 non-fat dry milk
 natural gas
 and diesel fuel. Our primary objective when entering into these derivative contracts is to achieve certainty with regard to the future price of commodities purchased for use in our supply chain. We manage our exposures through a combination of purchase orders
 long-term contracts with suppliers
 exchange-traded futures and options
 and over-the-counter options and swaps. We offset our exposures based on current and projected market conditions and generally seek to acquire the inputs at as close to our planned cost as possible.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;We use derivatives to manage our exposure to changes in commodity prices. We do not perform the assessments required to achieve hedge accounting for commodity derivative positions. Accordingly
 the changes in the values of these derivatives are recorded currently in cost of sales in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:10.5pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;Although we do not meet the criteria for cash flow hedge accounting
 we nonetheless believe that these instruments are effective in achieving our objective of providing certainty in the future price of commodities purchased for use in our supply chain. Accordingly
 for purposes of measuring segment operating performance these gains and losses are reported in unallocated corporate items outside of segment operating results until such time that the exposure we are managing affects earnings. At that time we reclassify the gain or loss from unallocated corporate items to segment operating profit
 allowing our operating segments to realize the economic effects of the derivative without experiencing any resulting mark-to-market volatility




 2013


 and existing and future issuances of floating-rate debt. Primary exposures include U.S. Treasury rates
 LIBOR

 and commercial paper rates in the United States and Europe. We use interest rate swaps
 forward-starting interest rate swaps
 and treasury locks to hedge our exposure to interest rate changes
 to reduce the volatility of our financing costs
 and to achieve a desired proportion of fixed versus floating-rate debt
 based on current and projected market conditions. Generally under these swaps


 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 in advance of a planned debt&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; refinancing

 we entered into swaps to convert $250.0 million of 0.875 percent fixed-rate notes due January&amp;#160;29
 2016
 to floating rates. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:10.5pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;During the second quarter of fiscal 2013
 in advance of a planned debt refinancing
 we entered into $200.0 million of treasury locks with an average fixed rate of 2.82 percent. All of these treasury locks were cash settled for $11.8 million during the third quarter of fiscal 2013
 coincident with the issuance of our $500.0 million 30-year fixed-rate notes. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;May 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 which will be reclassified to earnings over the term of the underlying debt. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:10.5pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011
 first quarter of fiscal 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; and second quarter of fiscal 2012
 we entered into $500.0 million
 $300.0 million
 and $200.0 million of forward starting swaps with average fixed rates of 3.9 percent
 2.7 percent
 and 2.4 percent
 respectively

 2013

 which will be reclassified to earnings over the term of the underlying debt. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:10.5pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011
 we entered into swaps to convert $300.0&amp;#160;million of 1.55 percent fixed-rate notes due May&amp;#160;16
 2014

 2013

 2010 remained in AOCI
 which will be reclassified to earnings over the term of the underlying debt. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;As of May 26
 2013

 2007 remained in AOCI



 intercompany loans
 product shipments
 and foreign-denominated commercial paper. We are also exposed to the translation of foreign currency earnings to the U.S. dollar. Our principal exposures are to the Australian dollar
 Brazilian real
 British pound sterling
 Canadian dollar

 euro
 Japanese yen
 Swiss franc
 and Mexican peso. We mainly use foreign currency forward contracts to selectively hedge our foreign currency cash flow exposures. We also generally swap our foreign-denominated commercial paper borrowings and nonfunctional currency intercompany loans back to U.S. dollars or the functional currency of the entity with foreign exchange exposure; the gains or losses on these derivatives offset the foreign currency revaluation gains or losses recorded in earnings on the associated borrowings. We generally do not hedge more than 18 months forward.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;As of May 26
 2013

 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 2013

 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 liabilities

 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; and May 27
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 210px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:210px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8  style=width: 217px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:217px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;May 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 4px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:4px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8  style=width: 220px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:220px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;May 26




 liabilities
 and derivative


 other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; or other liabilities
 as appropriate

 as appropriate

 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 4px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:4px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8  style=width: 220px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:220px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;May 27




 liabilities
 and derivative



 as appropriate

 as appropriate

 fair value hedges
 and other derivatives not designated as hedging instruments for the fiscal years ended May 26
 2013
 and May 27
 2012


 Relationships:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 36px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:36px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 35px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:35px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 35px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 226px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:226px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 8pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;  Amount of gain (loss) recognized in other



 Relationships:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 36px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:36px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 35px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:35px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 30px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 226px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:226px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 8pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;  Amount of net gain (loss) recognized








 2013

 2013
 were $11.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; million after-tax. The net amount of pre-tax gains and losses in AOCI as of May 26
 2013


 2013

 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 Wal-Mart Stores

 2013
 Wal-Mart accounted for 28&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; percent of our U.S. Retail receivables
 5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; percent of our International receivables
 and 7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; percent of our Bakeries and Foodservice receivables. The five largest customers in our U.S. Retail segment accounted for 54 percent of its fiscal 2013 net sales
 the five largest customers in our International segment accounted for 24 percent of its fiscal 2013 net sales
 and the five largest customers in our Bakeries and Foodservice segment accounted for 41 percent of its fiscal 2013 net sales.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;We enter into interest rate
 foreign exchange
 and certain commodity and equity derivatives
 primarily with a diversified group of highly rated counterparties. We continually monitor our positions and the credit ratings of the counterparties involved and
 by policy
 limit the amount of credit exposure to any one party. These transactions may expose us to potential losses due to the risk of nonperformance by these counterparties; however

 should the counterparties fail to perform according to the terms of the contracts


 the third party
 or any financial institutions concerning this service. All of our accounts payable remain as obligations to our suppliers as stated in our supplier agreements. As of May 26
 2013

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 4px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:4px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8  style=width: 220px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:220px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;May 26




 liabilities
 and derivative


 other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; or other liabilities
 as appropriate

 as appropriate

 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 4px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:4px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8  style=width: 220px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:220px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;May 27




 liabilities
 and derivative



 as appropriate

 as appropriate

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 Relationships:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 36px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:36px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 35px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:35px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 35px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 226px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:226px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 8pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;  Amount of gain (loss) recognized in other



 Relationships:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 36px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:36px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 35px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:35px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 30px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 226px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:226px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 8pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;  Amount of net gain (loss) recognized








  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 30px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:30px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3  style=width: 149px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:149px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;May 27

Payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 7px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:7px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 84px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:84px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Weighted-
Average
Interest Rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 30px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:30px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 67px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:67px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Notes
Payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 77px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:77px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Weighted-
Average


 we entered into &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;fee-paid committed credit lines

 2013
 there were no amounts outstanding on the fee-paid committed credit lines and $84.2 million was drawn on the uncommitted lines. The credit facilities contain several covenants


 we issued $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of fixed rate notes. The issuance consisted of $250.0 million 0.875 percent notes due January&amp;#160;29
 2016 and $500.0 million 4.15 percent notes due February&amp;#160;15
 2043. Interest on the fixed-rate notes is payable semi-annually in arrears. The fixed rate notes due January&amp;#160;29
 2016 may be redeemed in whole
 or in part
 at our option at any time for a specified make whole amount. The fixed rate notes due February&amp;#160;15
 2043 may be redeemed in whole
 or in part
 at our option at any time prior to August&amp;#160;15
 2042 for a specified make whole amount and any time on or after that date at par. These notes are senior unsecured obligations that include a change of control repurchase provision. The net proceeds were used to reduce our commercial paper borrowings. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:10.5pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;In January 2013
 we issued $250.0 million floating rate notes due January&amp;#160;29
 2016. The floating-rate notes bear interest equal to three-month LIBOR plus 30 basis points

 we repaid $520.8 million of 5.65 percent notes. In February 2012
 we repaid $1.0 billion of 6.0 percent notes. In November 2011
 we issued $1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of 3.15 percent notes due December&amp;#160;15
 2021. The net proceeds were used to repay a portion of our notes due February 2012
 reduce our commercial paper borrowings
 and for general corporate purposes. Interest on these notes is payable semi-annually in arrears. These notes may be redeemed at our option at any time prior to September&amp;#160;15
 2021 for a specified make whole amount and any time on or after that date at par. These notes are senior unsecured
 unsubordinated obligations that include a change of control repurchase provision. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;As part of our acquisition of Yoplait S.A.S.



 2013
 we were in compliance with all of these covenants.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;As of May 26
 2013

2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 22px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:22px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27
2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 317px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:317px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: left;&gt;5.65% notes due February 15


150.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 317px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:317px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: left;&gt;5.7% notes due February 15
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 89px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:89px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
000.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 22px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:22px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
000.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 317px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:317px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: left;&gt;3.15% notes due December 15
 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 89px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:89px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
000.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 22px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:22px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
000.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 317px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:317px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: left;&gt;5.2% notes due March 17









 0.1% to 6.4%



369.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 22px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:22px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 6




 our intent to redeem
 or put rights of certain note holders are $1
443.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; million in fiscal 2014
 $1
181.9 million in fiscal 2015
 $500.5 million in fiscal 2016
 $1
000.0 million in fiscal 2017


 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 30px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:30px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3  style=width: 149px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:149px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;May 27

Payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 7px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:7px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 84px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:84px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Weighted-
Average
Interest Rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 30px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:30px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 67px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:67px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Notes
Payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 77px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:77px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Weighted-
Average

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 22px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:22px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27
2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 317px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:317px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: left;&gt;5.65% notes due February 15


150.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 317px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:317px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: left;&gt;5.7% notes due February 15
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 89px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:89px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
000.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 22px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:22px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
000.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 317px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:317px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: left;&gt;3.15% notes due December 15
 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 89px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:89px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
000.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 22px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:22px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
000.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 317px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:317px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: left;&gt;5.2% notes due March 17









 0.1% to 6.4%



369.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 22px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:22px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 6




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 and&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; General Mills Cereals





 2013







 stock
 inventory
 cash and certain intellectual property to a wholly owned subsidiary.&amp;#160;GMC retained the remaining intellectual property.&amp;#160;Immediately following the restructuring

 currently equal to the sum of three-month LIBOR plus 110 basis points

 the assets
 liabilities
 results of o&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;perations

 2013

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 without par value
 is authorized but unissued.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;On June 28
 2010

 including the use of call options and other derivative instruments
 Rule 10b5-1 trading plans
 and accelerated repurchase programs. The authorization has no specified termination date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;During fiscal 2013
 we repurchased 24.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; million shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $1
014.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; million. During fiscal 2012

 we repurchased 31.8 million shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $1
163.5 million.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013

 less a fixed discount.  Under the ASR agreement




 and potentially settled in
 our common stock.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; In accordance with the terms of the ASR agreement

 if any

 the contract specifies a maximum number of shares that we could be required to deliver to the counterparty
 and we have sufficient authorized and unissued shares available to deliver the maximum share amount. Based on these circumstances


 2013

 including earnings
  attributable to redeemable and





 including earnings
  attributable to redeemable and





 including earnings
  attributable to redeemable and





 2012

 e&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;xcept for reclassifications to earnings

 net of tax effects

2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 61px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:61px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27

 other postretirement

801.5)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 61px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:61px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; (1



  

 including earnings
  attributable to redeemable and





 including earnings
  attributable to redeemable and





 including earnings
  attributable to redeemable and





  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 61px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:61px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27

 other postretirement

801.5)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 61px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:61px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; (1



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2013
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;a total of 35
492
790&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares were available for grant in the form of stock options

 restricted stock units

 stock appreciation rights

 2001
 2003
 2005
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;2006
 2007
 and 2009&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; stock plans and the Executive Incentive Plan (EIP)

 termination

 we make predictive assumptions regarding future stock price volatility
 employee exercise behavior
 dividend yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 which requires us to make predictive assumptions regarding future stock price volatility
 employee exercise behavior
 and dividend yield. We estimate our future stock price volatility using the historical volatility over the expected term of the option
 excluding time periods of volatility we believe a marketplace participant would exclude in estimating our stock price volatility. We also have considered
 but did not use
 implied volatility in our estimate
 because trading activity in options on our stock
 especially those with tenors of greater than 6 months

 if any
 and then charged directly to income tax expense



Price Per Share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 169px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:169px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Balance as of May 30
 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 78px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:78px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt; 47




 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 78px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:78px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt; 39




 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 78px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:78px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt; 39




 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 78px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:78px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt; 29




 Restricted Stock Units
 and Cash-Settled Share-Based Units&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;Stock and units settled in stock subject to a restricted period and a purchase price
 if any (as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors)


 but not restricted stock units

Grant-Date

Grant-Date

Grant-Date
Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 166px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:166px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Non-vested as of May 27
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 11px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:11px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 72px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:72px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 8





 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 11px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:11px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 72px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:72px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 8


404.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2
785.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 3

 and $106.0 million vested during fiscal 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;As of May 26
 2013


 $124.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; million for fiscal 2012

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 which requires us to make predictive assumptions regarding future stock price volatility
 employee exercise behavior
 and dividend yield. We estimate our future stock price volatility using the historical volatility over the expected term of the option
 excluding time periods of volatility we believe a marketplace participant would exclude in estimating our stock price volatility. We also have considered
 but did not use
 implied volatility in our estimate
 because trading activity in options on our stock
 especially those with tenors of greater than 6 months
 is insufficient to provide a reliable measure of expected volatility.

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


Price Per Share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 169px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:169px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Balance as of May 30
 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 78px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:78px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt; 47




 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 78px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:78px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt; 39




 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 78px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:78px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt; 39




 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 78px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:78px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt; 29


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 if any (as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors)
 may be granted to key employees under the 2011 Plan. Certain restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards require the employee to deposit personally owned shares (on a one-for-one basis) during the restricted period. Restricted stock and restricted stock units generally vest and become unrestricted four years after the date of grant. Participants are entitled to dividends on such awarded shares and units
 but only receive those amounts if the shares or units vest. The sale or transfer of these shares and units is restricted during the vesting period. Participants holding restricted stock
 but not restricted stock units


Grant-Date

Grant-Date

Grant-Date
Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 166px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:166px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Non-vested as of May 27
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 11px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:11px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 72px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:72px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 8





 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 11px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:11px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 72px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:72px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 8


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

404.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2
785.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 3

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  





 restricted stock units






 restricted stock units

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Canad&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;a


 we announced changes to our U.S. defined benefit pension plans. All new salaried employees hired on or after June 1




 plan design
 overall industry experience and projections
 and assumptions used by other similar organizations. Our initial health care cost trend rate is adjusted as necessary to remain consistent with this review
 recent experiences

 as necessary

Percentage
Point
Increase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 69px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:69px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;One
Percentage
Point


 as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 we also provide accruable benefits to former or inactive employees in the United States
 Canada
 and Mexico
 and members of our Board of Directors

 other postretirem&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;ent

Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 11px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:11px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 122px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:122px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Other
Postretirement
Benefit Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 11px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:11px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 108px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:108px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Postemployment















 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4


 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;

Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 10px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:10px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 108px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:108px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Other Postretirement
Benefit Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 10px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:10px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 95px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:95px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Postemployment





 accumulated other





Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 121px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:121px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Other Postretirement
Benefit Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 106px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:106px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Postemployment

132.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1




Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 91px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:91px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Other
Postretirement
Benefit Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 97px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:97px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Postemployment

Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 130px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:130px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Other Postretirement
Benefit Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 134px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:134px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Postemployment

Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6  style=width: 170px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:170px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Other Postretirement
Benefit Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6  style=width: 170px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:170px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Postemployment


 other &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;postretirement

 other &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;postretirement
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; and postemployment benefit plan income and expense for the following fiscal year. We work with our outside actuaries to determine the timing and amount of expected future cash outflows to plan participants and

 to develop a forward interest rate curve


 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 by asset category were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 20px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 233px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:233px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8  style=width: 260px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:260px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;May 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8  style=width: 284px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:284px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;May 27















 mutual funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 privately held securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; and private equity partnerships valued at unit values or net asset values provided by the investment managers

 most recent financing
 and e&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;xpected cash flows. For some of these investments

 fixed income pricing models&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 private securities
 and limited partnerships valued at unit values or net asset values provided by the investment managers

 fixed income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;






 Sales
Issuances
 and
Settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 74px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:74px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Net
Gain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 87px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:87px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Balance as of May 26

May 29
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 67px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:67px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Net Transfers
Out&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 112px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:112px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Net Purchases
 Sales
Issuances
 and
Settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 74px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:74px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Net
Gain (Loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 87px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:87px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Balance as of
May 27



 2013


 our historical long-term investment performance
 our estimate of future long-term returns by asset class (using input from our actuaries
 investment services
 and investment managers)
 and long-term inflation assumptions. We review this assumption annually for each plan
 however
 our annual investment performance for one particular year does not
 by itself

Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 18px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:18px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 158px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:158px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Other Postretirement

 the portfolios are further diversified across investment styles and investment organizations. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;For the defined benefit pension plans
 the long-term investment policy allocation is: 25 percent to equities in the United States; 15 percent to international equities; 10 percent to private equities; 35 percent to fixed income; and 15 percent to real assets (real estate
 energy
 and timber). For other postretirement benefit plans
 the long-term investment policy allocations are: 30 percent to equities in the United States; 20 percent to international equities; 10 percent to private equities; 30 percent to fixed income; and 10 percent to real assets (real estate
 energy

 other postretirem&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;ent

 as influenced by our decision to undertake discretionary funding of our benefit trusts and future changes in regulatory requirements. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;Estimated benefit payments
 which reflect expected future service
 as appropriate

Benefit
Pension
Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 94px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:94px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Other
Postretirement
Benefit Plans
Gross Payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Medicare
Subsidy
Receipts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 99px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:99px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Postemployment
Benefit


 hourly
 nonunion


 2013
 and $18.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; million as of May 27
 2012. We also sponsor defined contribution plans in many of our foreign locations. Our total recognized expense related to defined contribution plans was $46.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; million in fiscal 2013
 $41.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; million in fiscal 2012

 2010

 2010

 2013
 and 10.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; million as of May 27

 2013
 and May 27

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Percentage
Point
Increase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 69px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:69px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;One
Percentage
Point


  
  
  
  

Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 11px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:11px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 122px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:122px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Other
Postretirement
Benefit Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 11px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:11px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 108px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:108px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Postemployment














  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 10px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:10px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 108px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:108px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Other Postretirement
Benefit Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 10px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:10px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 95px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:95px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Postemployment





 accumulated other





  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 121px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:121px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Other Postretirement
Benefit Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 106px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:106px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Postemployment

132.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




  
  
  
  
  
  

Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 91px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:91px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Other
Postretirement
Benefit Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 97px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:97px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Postemployment


Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 130px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:130px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Other Postretirement
Benefit Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 134px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:134px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Postemployment

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6  style=width: 170px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:170px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Other Postretirement
Benefit Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6  style=width: 170px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:170px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Postemployment


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8  style=width: 284px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:284px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;May 27















 mutual funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 privately held securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; and private equity partnerships valued at unit values or net asset values provided by the investment managers

 most recent financing
 and e&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;xpected cash flows. For some of these investments

 fixed income pricing models&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 private securities
 and limited partnerships valued at unit values or net asset values provided by the investment managers

 fixed income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 Sales
Issuances
 and
Settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 74px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:74px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Net
Gain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 87px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:87px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Balance as of May 26

May 29
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 67px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:67px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Net Transfers
Out&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 112px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:112px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Net Purchases
 Sales
Issuances
 and
Settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 74px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:74px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Net
Gain (Loss)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 87px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:87px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Balance as of
May 27



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 18px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:18px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 158px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:158px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Other Postretirement

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Benefit
Pension
Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 94px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:94px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Other
Postretirement
Benefit Plans
Gross Payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Medicare
Subsidy
Receipts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 99px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:99px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Postemployment
Benefit


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  











2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 65px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:65px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27

 partnership

649.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 65px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:65px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

417.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 65px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:65px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

380.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 65px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:65px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

 partnership

678.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 65px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:65px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2


111.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;We have established a valuation allowance against certain of the categories of deferred tax assets described above as current evidence does not suggest we will realize sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character (e.g.

 $161.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; million relates to a deferred tax asset for losses recorded as part of the Pillsbury acquisition. Of the remaining valuation allowance


 2013



 as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010.  During fiscal 2013


 we restructured GMC through the distribution of its manufacturing assets
 stock
 inventory
 cash and certain intellectual property to a wholly owned subsidiary. GMC retained the remaining intellectual property. Immediately following this restructuring

 we recorded a $63.3 million decrease to deferred income tax liabilities related to the tax basis of the investment in GMC and certain distributed assets

 local
 and foreign jurisdictions. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;A number of years may elapse before an uncertain tax position is audited and finally resolved. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular uncertain tax position
 we believe that our liabilities for income taxes reflect the most likely outcome. We adjust these liabilities
 as well as the related interest

 which vary by jurisdiction

 several state examinations are in progress.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;During fiscal 2013


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; 2013
 we have effectively settled all issues with the IRS for fiscal years 2008 and prior.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;Also during fiscal 2013

 we reached a settlement with IRS Appeals concerning research and development tax credits claimed for fiscal years 2002 to 2008. This settlement did not have a material impact on our results of operations or financial position.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;During fiscal 2011

 depreciation




 excluding accrued interest

 if recognized



 2013



 2013. For fiscal 2012



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  









  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 65px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:65px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27

 partnership

649.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 65px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:65px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

417.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 65px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:65px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

380.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 65px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:65px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

 partnership

678.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 65px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:65px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



 insurance

Leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 63px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:63px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Capital

 2013
 we have issued guarantees and comfort letters of $356.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; million for the debt and other obligations of consolidated subsidiaries
 and guarantees and comfort letters of $258.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; million for the debt and other obligations of non-consolidated affiliates
 mainly CPW. In addition
 off-balance sheet arrangements are generally limited to the future payments under non-cancelable operating leases
 which totaled $437.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; million as of May 26

 there were no claims or litigation pending as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;May 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 63px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:63px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Capital

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




 mass merchandisers
 membership stores
 natural food chains
 and drug
 dollar and discount chains operating throughout the United States. Our product categories in this business segment include ready-to-eat cereals
 refrigerated yogurt
 ready-to-serve soup
 dry dinners
 shelf stable and frozen vegetables
 refrigerated and frozen dough products
 dessert and baking mixes
 frozen pizza and pizza snacks
 grain
 fruit and savory snacks
 and a wide variety of organic products including granola bars
 cereal
 and soup.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:10.5pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;Our International segment consists of retail and foodservice businesses outside of the United States. In Canada
 our product categories include ready-to-eat cereals
 shelf stable and frozen vegetables
 dry dinners
 refrigerated and frozen dough products
 dessert and baking mixes
 frozen pizza snacks
 refrigerated yogurt
 and grain and fruit snacks. In markets outside North America
 our product categories include super-premium ice cream and frozen desserts
 refrigerated yogurt
 snacks
 shelf stable and frozen vegetables
 refrigerated and frozen dough products
 and dry dinners. Our International segment also includes products manufactured in the United States for export
 mainly to Caribbean and Latin American markets
 as well as products we manufacture for sale to our international joint ventures. Revenues from export activities and franchise fees are reported in the region or country where the end customer is located. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:10.5pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;In our Bakeries and Foodservice segment our product categories include ready-to-eat cereals
 snacks

 unbaked and fully baked frozen dough products
 baking mixes
 and flour. Many products we sell are branded to the consumer and nearly all are branded to our customers. We sell to distributors and operators in many customer channels including foodservice
 convenience stores
 vending
 and supermarket bakeries. Substantially all of this segment's operations are located in the United States.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;Operating profit for these segments excludes unallocated corporate items and restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs. Unallocated corporate items include corporate overhead expenses
 variances to planned domestic employee benefits and incentives
 contributions to the General Mills Foundation
 and other items that are not part of our measurement of segment operating performance. These include gains and losses arising from the revaluation of certain grain inventories and gains and losses from mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions until passed back to our operating segments. These items affecting operating profit are centrally managed at the corporate level and are excluded from the meas&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;ure of segment profitability reviewed by executive management. Under our supply chain organization
 our manufacturing
 warehouse
 and distribution activities are substantially integrated across our operations in order to maximize efficiency and productivity. As a result




200.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 4
194.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2

959.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
983.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1







197.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 3
011.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2

 impairment







908.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;2
595.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

889.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;2
935.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2

802.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;2
611.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2

999.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;1
902.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

944.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;1
925.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

089.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;1
082.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1







201.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 58px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:58px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 4
195.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2




2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 58px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:58px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27

2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 58px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:58px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27
2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 238px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:238px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Land
 buildings










200.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 4
194.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2

959.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
983.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1







197.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 3
011.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2

 impairment




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




908.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;2
595.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

889.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;2
935.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2

802.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;2
611.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2

999.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;1
902.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

944.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;1
925.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

089.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;1
082.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




201.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 58px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:58px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 4
195.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2




2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 58px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:58px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27

2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 58px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:58px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27
2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 238px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:238px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Land
 buildings







2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27





2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 59px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:59px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27

228.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 59px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:59px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;1



 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 2012


2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27


2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27
2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 315px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:315px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Land
 buildings

168.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

731.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 5

 buildings
 and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 60px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:60px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 8
932.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 8

054.8)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; (4



2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27

2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27




2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27

 including
      obligations for underfunded other postretirement










2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27





  
  
  
  

2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 59px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:59px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27

228.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 59px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:59px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;1



 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 2012


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27
2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 315px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:315px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Land
 buildings

168.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

731.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 5

 buildings
 and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 60px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:60px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 8
932.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 8

054.8)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; (4



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27

  
  
  
  

2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27

 including
      obligations for underfunded other postretirement





  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Except Per









628.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
446.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 7px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:7px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 15px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 56px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:56px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
742.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 15px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
594.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 7px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:7px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 56px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:56px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
522.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 18px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:18px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
507.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 7px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:7px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 67px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:67px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
530.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 15px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
496.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 34px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 201px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:201px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: left;&gt;Net earnings attributable




 Except Per









628.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
446.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 7px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:7px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 15px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 56px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:56px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
742.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 15px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
594.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 7px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:7px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 56px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:56px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
522.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 18px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:18px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
507.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 7px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:7px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 67px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:67px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
530.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 15px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
496.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 34px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 201px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:201px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: left;&gt;Net earnings attributable

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 translation of amounts























                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 IMPAIRMENT

                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 OTHER COMMITMENTS

                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 RISK MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES

                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 Impairment

                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 Risk Management Activities

                
                
                



 Risk Management Activities

                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 Other Commitments

                
                
                



 Other Commitments

                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 Impairment

                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 Risk Management Activities

                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 Risk Management Activities

                
                
                



 Risk Management Activities

                
                
                



 Risk Management Activities

                
                
                



 Risk Management Activities

                
                
                



 Risk Management Activities

                
                
                



 Risk Management Activities

                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 other postretirement

                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 Impairment
 and Other Exit Costs (Schedule of restructuring
 impairment

                
                
                



 Impairment

                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                




                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                




                
                
                



 Other Commitments

                
                
                



 Other Commitments

                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                




                
                
                


                
                
                
                




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































        


        










        






        






        


        


        


        






        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        










        


        


        


        


        


        






        



 Share-based Compensation



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        






        



 Amortized Cost Basis



        


        


        






        






        


        


        


        


        



 Purchase Price Allocation



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Cash Equivalents



        


        


        


        



 Marketable Securities







        


        



 OTHER COMMITMENTS




 OTHER COMMITMENTS



        


        


        



 754.6 shares issued








 Common Stock
 Shares




 Common Stock
 Shares



        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Net of Tax



        


        


        



 Net of Tax



        


        



 Net of Tax



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        



 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage Rate Range








 Interest Rate Stated Percentage Rate Range







        



 Interest Rate



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits



        


        






        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        






        


        



 Goodwill and Intangible Assets







        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        



 Expected Future Benefit Payments



        


        


        


        


        






        










        


        


        







 Expected Future Benefit Payments



        



 Expected Future Benefit Payments



        


        


        






        



 Expected Future Benefit Payments



        


        



 Expected Future Benefit Payments



        


        


        


        


        


        










        


        



 Expected Future Benefit Payments



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        










        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Sales Issuances



        


        






        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        



 Fair Value



        



 Fair Value



        


        


        



 Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income
 Effective Portion



        


        


        



 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income



        


        


        


        


        


        



 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Effective Portion



        


        






        






        


        


        


        


        



 Common Stock



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        



 Deductions



        






        



 Nonvested Awards
 Total Compensation Cost Not Yet Recognized



        



 Nonvested Awards



        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 buildings



        



 buildings



        


        


        


        


        



 Summarized Financial Information



        


        


        


        


        



 Summarized Financial Information



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        










        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Measurement Inputs



        


        


        



 RISK MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES



        


        


















        


        


        






















        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        










        


        






        


        










        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        






        


        






        






        














        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        






        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        



 at Fair Value



        










        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 RISK MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES



        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        






        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        






        






        







 Period Contributions



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        






        


        


        


        



 Related Parties



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 rent expense



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        







 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Reclassification Adjustment on Derivatives Included in Net Income



        










        


        



 Reclassification Adjustment on Derivatives Included in Net Income



        



 Reclassification Adjustment on Derivatives Included in Net Income



        



 Amortization
 Pension AndOtherPostretirement Benefit Plans
 Net Prior Service Cost Recognized in Net Periodic Pension Cost



        






        



 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Net Unamortized Gain (Loss) Arising During Period



        



 Available-for-sale Securities Adjustment



        



 Amortization
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans



        







 Amortization of Defined Benefit Plan
 Net Prior ServiceCost Recognized in Net Periodic Pension Cost



        


        


        


        


        


        










        



 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Gain (Loss) Arising During Period



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 buildings




 buildings



        






        







 Other Postretirement



        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


















        






























        






        


        


        


        



 buildings



        


        


        







 Plant and Equipment







        



 Buildings
 Equipment




 buildings




 buildings







        



 buildings




 buildings



        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Equity
 Other




 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
 Equity
 Other




 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
 Equity
 Other



        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 impairment



        







 impairment




 Impairment




 IMPAIRMENT



        


        


        














        


        



 IMPAIRMENT



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Fair Value Assumptions



        


        






        


        


        














        






        



 Stock Options



        


        


        






        


        


        






        


        


        



 Stock Options



        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Impairment



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 general



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Equity Instruments Other Than Options
 Forfeitures



        



 Options
 Grants in Period



        


        


        



 Options
 Exercises in Period



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        










        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        










        


        



 Options







        


        



 Options
 Grants in Period



        



 Options



        










        


        






        


        










        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        







 Shares



        







 Value








 Value




 Shares








 Options



        


        



 Value
 Restricted Stock Award







        



 Stockholders' Equity




 Stockholders' Equity



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        











 Shares







        







 Treasury Stock




 Treasury Stock



        


        


        



 Value
 Acquired







        


        


        


        







 Pretax



        


        


        


        


        


        










        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Charged to Cost and Expense







        


        






        






        


        



 translation of amounts



        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 showing separately
 if applicable
 the effects of the following: actual return on plan assets
 foreign currency exchange rate changes
 contributions by the employer
 contributions by plan participants
 benefits paid
 business combinations
 divestitures
 settlements
 and service cost
 interest cost
 contributions by plan participants
 actuarial gains and losses
 foreign currency exchange rate changes
 benefits paid
 plan amendments
 business combinations
 divestitures
 curtailments
 settlements



        


        



 as of the balance sheet date
 for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans



        


        



 including assumed discount rates



        


        



 including assumed discount rates
 rate increase in compensation increase



        


        



 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1)
 Significant other observable inputs (Level 2)



        


        



 after tax
 included in accumulated other comprehensive income associated with a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan(s) because they have yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost. Gains and losses are due to changes in the value of either the benefit obligation or the plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed or from a change in an actuarial assumption



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 their beneficiaries
 and covered dependents after employment but before retirement
 except for: a) benefits provided through a pension or postretirement benefit plan
 b) individual deferred compensation arrangements
 c) termination benefits pertaining to exit or disposal activities
 and d) stock compensation plans. Benefits may be provided in cash or in kind and may be paid as a result of disability
 layoff
 death



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets and goodwill related to equity method investments
 as of the balance sheet date



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 in the aggregate
 material in relation to the financial position or results of operations of an investor
 it may be necessary to present summarized information as to assets of the investee
 or group of investments for which combined disclosure is appropriate
 either by individual financial statement caption or in groups
 as appropriate. Such summarized financial information may
 at a minimum



        


        


        


        



 including letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before



        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 including pension benefits
 death benefits
 and benefits due on termination of employment. Also includes payments made under a postretirement benefit plan
 including prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 when the entities to the transaction are consolidated
 combined



        


        



 after tax
 related to the increase (decrease) in fair value of interest rate derivatives designated as cash flow hedging instruments



        


        



 after tax



        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 such as for individual instruments




 General Mills Cereals



        


        


        



 as defined by the entity
 such as total net revenues
 product line revenues



        



 as defined by the entity
 such as total net revenues
 product line revenues



        



 as defined by the entity
 such as total net revenues
 product line revenues



        



 as defined by the entity
 such as total net BOTG revenues
 product line revenues



        



 as defined by the entity
 such as total net USRO revenues
 product line revenues



        



 as defined by the entity
 such as total net International revenues
 product line revenues



        



 as defined by the entity
 such as total net BOTG revenues
 product line revenues



        


        


        



 such as total receivables
 net revenues
 pretax results. Risk is the materially adverse effects of loss attributable to (a) the failure to collect a significant receivable from a major customer or group of homogeneous accounts



        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 partnership







        


        



 excluding brand intangibles
 and the basis of intangible assets computed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The difference in basis
 whether due to amortization or other reasons
 will increase future taxable income when such difference reverses. Intangible assets excluding brands include
 but are not limited to
 assets such as patents



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        







 as of the balance sheet date



        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 depreciable assets that include building structures held for productive use including any addition
 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 such as interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical



        


        






        


        


        


        







 if longer) and for underfunded plans recognized in the balance sheet that is associated with the defined benefit pension plans
 postemployment



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 other than those for employee severence and and contract termination
 resulting from the consolidation and relocation of operations



        






        


        






        


        






        


        






        


        






        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 partnership



        


        






        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        






        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        






        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        







 net of income taxes







        







 Net of Tax
 for the period
 including portion attributable to redeemable interest. Includes deferred gains (losses) on qualifying hedges
 unrealized holding gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities
 minimum pension liability







        






        


        


        



 including both controlling (parent)
 noncontrolling interests
 and redeemable interests. It includes all changes in equity during a period except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 including: (1) mortgages
 mortgage-backed and asset backed securities; (2) US government and agency obligations; (3) state and municipal government obligations; (4) other sovereign government debt; (5) corporate obligations; (6) corporate equities; (7) principal investments; (8) derivative contracts; and (9) physical commodities
 in addition to the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalent items which are restricted as to withdrawal or usage. Restrictions may include legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against borrowing arrangements
 contracts entered into with others
 or entity statements of intention with regard to particular deposits; however



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 300 Million



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Stockholders' Equity
 and Redeemable Interest items (or Partners' Capital
 as applicable)
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any
 and redeemable interest



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 (2) at the option of the holder of the noncontrolling interest



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 other postretirement



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 and under which borrowings outstanding may be either short-term or long-term



        


        


        


        


        


        






        






        






        


        



 Number Invested In



        


        


        


        



 weeks
 or days







        


        


        


        



 partners
 or other equity holders in one or more of the entities consolidated into the reporting entity's financial statements other than joint ventures
 limited partnerships



        


        


        


        


        














        






        


        


        











 which may be presented in a variety of ways (for example
 year
 month and year
 day
 month and year



        


        


        



 such as LIBOR or the US Treasury rate and the maturity of the reference rate used



        


        


        


        










        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 included in the consolidation of the parent entity



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        







 included in the consolidation of the parent entity



        


        






        


        


        






        



 impairment




 remediation costs
 and asset impairment loss during an accounting period. Generally
 these items are either unusual or infrequent



        


        



 extraordinary items



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 restricted stock units



        















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 net of taxes) (Details)


041002 - Disclosure - Stockholders' Equity (Schedule of accumulated other comprehensive loss balances
In Millions
 unless otherwise specified


Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax:
Accumulated adjustment
 net of tax
 that results from the process of translating subsidiary financial statements and foreign equity investments into the reporting currency from the functional currency of the reporting entity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 130
 -Paragraph 17
 18
 19
 22
 23
 24
 25
 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 14
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=20435746&amp;loc=d3e681-108580
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 11
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=20435746&amp;loc=d3e637-108580
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 10A
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=20435746&amp;loc=SL7669646-108580
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 14A
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=20435746&amp;loc=SL7669686-108580
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 830
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6915805&amp;loc=d3e32022-110900
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 830
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6450520&amp;loc=d3e32583-110901
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 52
 -Paragraph 12
 13
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 133
 -Paragraph 45
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 52
 -Paragraph 31
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.


Accumulated appreciation or loss
 net of tax
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 14
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=20435746&amp;loc=d3e681-108580
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 11
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=20435746&amp;loc=d3e637-108580
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 14A
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=20435746&amp;loc=SL7669686-108580
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 130
 -Paragraph 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 10A
 -Subparagraph (e)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=20435746&amp;loc=SL7669646-108580

Accumulated change
 net of tax
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 14
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=20435746&amp;loc=d3e681-108580
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 11
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=20435746&amp;loc=d3e637-108580
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 14A
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=20435746&amp;loc=SL7669686-108580
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 130
 -Paragraph 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 10A
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=20435746&amp;loc=SL7669646-108580
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7668309&amp;loc=d3e80784-113994


The total net actuarial (gain) loss
 after tax
 included in accumulated other comprehensive income associated with a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan(s) because they have yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost. Gains and losses are due to changes in the value of either the benefit obligation or the plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed or from a change in an actuarial assumption
 or the consequence of a decision to temporarily deviate from the substantive plan.

Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 14
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=20435746&amp;loc=d3e681-108580
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 11
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=20435746&amp;loc=d3e637-108580
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 14A
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=20435746&amp;loc=SL7669686-108580
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 31
 -Article 5
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP)
 -Number FAS115-1/124-1
 -Paragraph 15D
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 130
 -Paragraph 14
 17
 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Stockholders' Equity (Schedule of accumulated other comprehensive loss balances
 net of taxes) (Details) (USD $)










In Millions
 unless otherwise specified




The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
Net earnings
 including earnings attributable to redeemable and noncontrolling interests

The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 9
 -Article 5
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 18
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 323
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=16385135&amp;loc=d3e33749-111570
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 18
 -Paragraph 19
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.12)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 11
 -Article 7

This item represents disclosure of the amount of dividends or other distributions received from unconsolidated subsidiaries
 certain corporate joint ventures
 and certain noncontrolled corporation; these investments are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. This element excludes distributions that constitute a return of investment
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 18
 -Paragraph 19
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 13
 -Article 5

The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6889476&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph h
 -Article 4
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 6
 -Section I
 -Subsection 7
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 289
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Deferred Tax Expense (or Benefit)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6510177
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 9
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 24
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6576910&amp;loc=d3e11374-113907

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 25
 -Subparagraph (g)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3536-108585

The amount of pension and other (such as medical
 dental and life insurance) postretirement benefit costs recognized during the period for (1) defined benefit plans (periodic benefit costs include the following components: service cost
 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss) on assets
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) due to settlements or curtailments) and for (2) defined contribution plans (to the extent that a plan's defined contributions to an individual's account are to be made for periods in which that individual renders services
 the net cost for a period is the contribution called for in that period; if a plan calls for contributions for periods after an individual retires or terminates
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.4)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 70
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6414718&amp;loc=d3e28014-114942
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph h
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs (income)
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Changes in current assets and liabilities
 excluding the effects of acquisitions
Other cash or noncash adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by (used in) operating activities that are not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows (for example
  cash received or cash paid during the current period for miscellaneous operating activities
Other
 net
The net cash from (used in) all of the entity's operating activities
 including those of discontinued operations
 of the reporting entity. Operating activities generally involve producing and delivering goods and providing services. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value that are not defined as investing or financing activities. While for technical reasons this element has no balance attribute
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 24
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3521-108585
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 25
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3536-108585


The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Investing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6516133
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 13
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3213-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 17
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Purchases of land
 buildings
 and equipment
The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of a business
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Investing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6516133
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 13
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3213-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 15
 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired
The cash outflow associated with the purchase of or advances to an equity method investments
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 13
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3213-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 17
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Investment in affilates
 net
The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Investing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6516133
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 12
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3179-108585
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 16
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Proceeds from disposal of land
 buildings
 and equipment
The cash inflow associated with the amount received from the sale of a portion of the company's business
 for example a segment
 division
 branch or other business
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Investing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6516133
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 12
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3179-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 15
 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The cash inflow from a loan
 supported by a promissory note
 granted to related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Financing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6513228
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 18
 19
 20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 14
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3255-108585

The cash outflow for a loan
 supported by a promissory note
 granted to related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Financing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6513228
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 18
 19
 20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3291-108585

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Investing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6516133
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3095-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 9
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3098-108585
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Other
 net
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 24
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3521-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 26
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3574-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.


The net cash inflow or outflow for borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Financing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6513228
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 18
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 9
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3098-108585

The cash inflow from a debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Financing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6513228
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 18
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 14
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3255-108585
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 19
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The cash outflow for debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Financing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6513228
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 15
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3291-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 20
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 18
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The cash inflow associated with the amount received from holders exercising their stock options. This item inherently excludes any excess tax benefit
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Financing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6513228
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 18
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (j)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph i
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 14
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3255-108585
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 19
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 24
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6576910&amp;loc=d3e11374-113907

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Financing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6513228
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 18
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 15
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3291-108585
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 20
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Cash outflow in the form of capital distributions and dividends to common shareholders
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Financing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6513228
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 18
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 15
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3291-108585
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 20
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Payment of dividends or other distributions by the non-wholly owned subsidiary or partially owned entity
 included in the consolidation of the parent entity
 to the noncontrolling and redeemable interest holders.
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Financing Activities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6513228
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3095-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 9
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3098-108585
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 18
 19
 20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Other
 net
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 24
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3521-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 26
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3574-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 830
 -SubTopic 230
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6450594&amp;loc=d3e33268-110906
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 25
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 24
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3521-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Cash includes currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. It also includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits in that the customer may deposit additional funds at any time and effectively may withdraw funds at any time without prior notice or penalty. Cash equivalents
 excluding items classified as marketable securities
 include short-term
 highly liquid Investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash
 and so near their maturity that they present minimal risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally
 only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify under that definition. Original maturity means original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example
 both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However
 a Treasury note purchased three years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months. Short-term investments
 exclusive of cash equivalents
 generally consist of marketable securities intended to be sold within one year (or the normal operating cycle if longer) and may include trading securities
 available-for-sale securities
 or held-to-maturity securities (if maturing within one year)
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Cash
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6506951
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Cash Equivalents
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6507016
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 7
 8
 9
 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Cash includes currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. It also includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits in that the customer may deposit additional funds at any time and effectively may withdraw funds at any time without prior notice or penalty. Cash equivalents
 excluding items classified as marketable securities
 include short-term
 highly liquid Investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash
 and so near their maturity that they present minimal risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally
 only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify under that definition. Original maturity means original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example
 both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However
 a Treasury note purchased three years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months. Short-term investments
 exclusive of cash equivalents
 generally consist of marketable securities intended to be sold within one year (or the normal operating cycle if longer) and may include trading securities
 available-for-sale securities
 or held-to-maturity securities (if maturing within one year)
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Cash
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6506951
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Cash Equivalents
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6507016
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 7
 8
 9
 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Cash Flow from Changes in Current Assets and Liabilities
 excluding effects of acquisitions:
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585

The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585

The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the value of prepaid expenses and other assets not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows
 for example
 deferred expenses
 intangible assets
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585

Change in recurring obligations of a business that arise from the acquisition of merchandise
 materials
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585













    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      







          

        


        
        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

404
900

785
700

751
600


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

551
800
        
        


        

330
400
        
        


        

495
000)
        
        


        

000)
        
        


        

042
200
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

100
        
        


        

500
        
        


        

000)
        
        


        

400)
        
        


        

200
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

991
500
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

638
200)
        
        


        

500)
        
        


        

287
800
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    




























The fair value as of the reporting date of noncontrolling interests which are redeemable by the (parent) entity (1) at a fixed or determinable price on a fixed or determinable date
 (2) at the option of the holder of the noncontrolling interest
 or (3) upon occurrence of an event that is not solely within the control of the (parent) entity. The noncontrolling interest holder's ownership (or holders' ownership) is represented by an equity interest that does not conform to either common or preferred equity (noncontrolling) interests otherwise provided for in the taxonomy
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph (12)(c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph (16)(c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph 14
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number D-98
 -Paragraph 43
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number D-98
 -Paragraph 43
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 27
 -Subparagraph c
 -Appendix A
Beginning Balance
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
 Equity
 Other
 Fair Value
The fair value as of the reporting date of noncontrolling interests which are redeemable by the (parent) entity (1) at a fixed or determinable price on a fixed or determinable date
 (2) at the option of the holder of the noncontrolling interest
 or (3) upon occurrence of an event that is not solely within the control of the (parent) entity. The noncontrolling interest holder's ownership (or holders' ownership) is represented by an equity interest that does not conform to either common or preferred equity (noncontrolling) interests otherwise provided for in the taxonomy
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph (12)(c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph (16)(c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph 14
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number D-98
 -Paragraph 43
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number D-98
 -Paragraph 43
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 27
 -Subparagraph c
 -Appendix A
Beginning Balance
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
 Equity
 Other
 Fair Value
 at May. 31
 2009
The change in redeemable interests of a business enterprise during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources which are attributable to redeemable interests
 if any.
The change in redeemable interests of a business enterprise during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources which are attributable to redeemable interests
 if any.
The fair value as of the reporting date of noncontrolling interests which are redeemable by the (parent) entity (1) at a fixed or determinable price on a fixed or determinable date
 (2) at the option of the holder of the noncontrolling interest
 or (3) upon occurrence of an event that is not solely within the control of the (parent) entity. The noncontrolling interest holder's ownership (or holders' ownership) is represented by an equity interest that does not conform to either common or preferred equity (noncontrolling) interests otherwise provided for in the taxonomy
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph (12)(c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph (16)(c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph 14
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number D-98
 -Paragraph 43
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number D-98
 -Paragraph 43
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 27
 -Subparagraph c
 -Appendix A
Ending Balance
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
 Equity
 Other
 Fair Value
The fair value as of the reporting date of noncontrolling interests which are redeemable by the (parent) entity (1) at a fixed or determinable price on a fixed or determinable date
 (2) at the option of the holder of the noncontrolling interest
 or (3) upon occurrence of an event that is not solely within the control of the (parent) entity. The noncontrolling interest holder's ownership (or holders' ownership) is represented by an equity interest that does not conform to either common or preferred equity (noncontrolling) interests otherwise provided for in the taxonomy
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph (12)(c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph (16)(c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph 14
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number D-98
 -Paragraph 43
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number D-98
 -Paragraph 43
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 27
 -Subparagraph c
 -Appendix A
Ending Balance
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
 Equity
 Other
 Fair Value
 at May. 30
 2010
Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4568447-111683
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 25
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 16
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4568740-111683
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A3
 -Appendix A
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4I
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4590271-111686
Ending Balance
 Stockholders' Equity
 Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest
Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4568447-111683
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 25
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 16
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4568740-111683
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A3
 -Appendix A
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4I
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4590271-111686
Ending Balance
 Stockholders' Equity
 Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest
 at May. 30
 2010
Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 30
 -Article 5
Ending Balance
 Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued
Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 30
 -Article 5
Ending Balance
 Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued
 at May. 30
 2010
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Article 5
Beginning Balance
 Treasury Stock
 Shares
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Article 5
Beginning Balance
 Treasury Stock
 Shares
 at May. 30
 2010
The change in equity [net assets] of a business enterprise during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources which are attributable to the economic entity
 including both controlling (parent) and noncontrolling interests. It includes all changes in equity during a period except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A5
 -Appendix A
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4K
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4591552-111686
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 19
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4569616-111683
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The change in equity [net assets] of a business enterprise during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources which are attributable to the economic entity
 including both controlling (parent) and noncontrolling interests. It includes all changes in equity during a period except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A5
 -Appendix A
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4K
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4591552-111686
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 19
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4569616-111683
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6405813&amp;loc=d3e23239-112655
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 43
 -Section B
 -Paragraph 7
 -Subparagraph b
 -Chapter 1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Shares purchased
 value
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6405813&amp;loc=d3e23239-112655
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 43
 -Section B
 -Paragraph 7
 -Subparagraph b
 -Chapter 1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Shares purchased
 value
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Article 5
Shares purchased
 shares
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Article 5
Shares purchased
 shares
Equity impact of the value of treasury stock (units) reissued during the period
 excluding reissuance of shares (units) held in treasury used to satisfy equity-based compensation obligations exercised by the holders of such rights. Upon reissuance of shares (units) from treasury
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6405813&amp;loc=d3e23239-112655
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 43
 -Section B
 -Paragraph 7
 -Subparagraph b
 -Chapter 1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Stock compensation plans
 value (includes income tax benefits)
Equity impact of the value of treasury stock (units) reissued during the period
 excluding reissuance of shares (units) held in treasury used to satisfy equity-based compensation obligations exercised by the holders of such rights. Upon reissuance of shares (units) from treasury
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6405813&amp;loc=d3e23239-112655
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 43
 -Section B
 -Paragraph 7
 -Subparagraph b
 -Chapter 1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Stock compensation plans
 value (includes income tax benefits)
Number of treasury shares (units) reissued during the period
 excluding reissuance of shares (units) held in treasury used to satisfy equity-based compensation obligations exercised by the holders of such rights. Upon reissuance of shares (units) from treasury
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Stock compensation plans
 shares (includes income tax benefits)
Number of treasury shares (units) reissued during the period
 excluding reissuance of shares (units) held in treasury used to satisfy equity-based compensation obligations exercised by the holders of such rights. Upon reissuance of shares (units) from treasury
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Stock compensation plans
 shares (includes income tax benefits)
Value of stock related to Restricted Stock Awards issued during the period
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Value of stock related to Restricted Stock Awards issued during the period
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

This element represents the amount of recognized equity-based compensation during the period
 that is
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415241&amp;loc=d3e4534-113899
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5047-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6576910&amp;loc=d3e11149-113907
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6576910&amp;loc=d3e11178-113907
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 64
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A91
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 39
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

This element represents the amount of recognized equity-based compensation during the period
 that is
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415241&amp;loc=d3e4534-113899
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5047-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6576910&amp;loc=d3e11149-113907
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6576910&amp;loc=d3e11178-113907
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 64
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A91
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 39
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Decrease in noncontrolling interest balance from payment of dividends or other distributions by the non-wholly owned subsidiary or partially owned entity
 included in the consolidation of the parent entity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph c(2)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Decrease in noncontrolling interest balance from payment of dividends or other distributions by the non-wholly owned subsidiary or partially owned entity
 included in the consolidation of the parent entity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph c(2)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4568447-111683
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 25
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 16
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4568740-111683
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A3
 -Appendix A
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4I
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4590271-111686
Ending Balance
 Stockholders' Equity
 Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest
Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4568447-111683
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 25
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 16
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4568740-111683
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A3
 -Appendix A
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4I
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4590271-111686
Ending Balance
 Stockholders' Equity
 Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest
 at May. 29
 2011
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Article 5
Ending Balance
 Treasury Stock
 Shares
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Article 5
Ending Balance
 Treasury Stock
 Shares
 at May. 29
 2011
Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 30
 -Article 5
Ending Balance
 Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued
Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 30
 -Article 5
Ending Balance
 Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued
 at May. 29
 2011
The fair value as of the reporting date of noncontrolling interests which are redeemable by the (parent) entity (1) at a fixed or determinable price on a fixed or determinable date
 (2) at the option of the holder of the noncontrolling interest
 or (3) upon occurrence of an event that is not solely within the control of the (parent) entity. The noncontrolling interest holder's ownership (or holders' ownership) is represented by an equity interest that does not conform to either common or preferred equity (noncontrolling) interests otherwise provided for in the taxonomy
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph (12)(c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph (16)(c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph 14
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number D-98
 -Paragraph 43
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number D-98
 -Paragraph 43
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 27
 -Subparagraph c
 -Appendix A
Beginning Balance
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
 Equity
 Other
 Fair Value
The fair value as of the reporting date of noncontrolling interests which are redeemable by the (parent) entity (1) at a fixed or determinable price on a fixed or determinable date
 (2) at the option of the holder of the noncontrolling interest
 or (3) upon occurrence of an event that is not solely within the control of the (parent) entity. The noncontrolling interest holder's ownership (or holders' ownership) is represented by an equity interest that does not conform to either common or preferred equity (noncontrolling) interests otherwise provided for in the taxonomy
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph (12)(c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph (16)(c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph 14
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number D-98
 -Paragraph 43
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number D-98
 -Paragraph 43
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 27
 -Subparagraph c
 -Appendix A
Beginning Balance
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
 Equity
 Other
 Fair Value
 at May. 29
 2011
The change in equity [net assets] of a business enterprise during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources which are attributable to the economic entity
 including both controlling (parent) and noncontrolling interests. It includes all changes in equity during a period except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A5
 -Appendix A
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4K
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4591552-111686
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 19
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4569616-111683
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The change in equity [net assets] of a business enterprise during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources which are attributable to the economic entity
 including both controlling (parent) and noncontrolling interests. It includes all changes in equity during a period except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A5
 -Appendix A
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4K
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4591552-111686
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 19
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4569616-111683
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The change in redeemable interests of a business enterprise during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources which are attributable to redeemable interests
 if any.
The change in redeemable interests of a business enterprise during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources which are attributable to redeemable interests
 if any.
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6405813&amp;loc=d3e23239-112655
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 43
 -Section B
 -Paragraph 7
 -Subparagraph b
 -Chapter 1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Shares purchased
 value
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6405813&amp;loc=d3e23239-112655
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 43
 -Section B
 -Paragraph 7
 -Subparagraph b
 -Chapter 1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Shares purchased
 value
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Article 5
Shares purchased
 shares
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Article 5
Shares purchased
 shares
Equity impact of the value of treasury stock (units) reissued during the period
 excluding reissuance of shares (units) held in treasury used to satisfy equity-based compensation obligations exercised by the holders of such rights. Upon reissuance of shares (units) from treasury
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6405813&amp;loc=d3e23239-112655
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 43
 -Section B
 -Paragraph 7
 -Subparagraph b
 -Chapter 1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Stock compensation plans
 value (includes income tax benefits)
Equity impact of the value of treasury stock (units) reissued during the period
 excluding reissuance of shares (units) held in treasury used to satisfy equity-based compensation obligations exercised by the holders of such rights. Upon reissuance of shares (units) from treasury
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6405813&amp;loc=d3e23239-112655
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 43
 -Section B
 -Paragraph 7
 -Subparagraph b
 -Chapter 1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Stock compensation plans
 value (includes income tax benefits)
Number of treasury shares (units) reissued during the period
 excluding reissuance of shares (units) held in treasury used to satisfy equity-based compensation obligations exercised by the holders of such rights. Upon reissuance of shares (units) from treasury
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Stock compensation plans
 shares (includes income tax benefits)
Number of treasury shares (units) reissued during the period
 excluding reissuance of shares (units) held in treasury used to satisfy equity-based compensation obligations exercised by the holders of such rights. Upon reissuance of shares (units) from treasury
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Stock compensation plans
 shares (includes income tax benefits)
Value of stock related to Restricted Stock Awards issued during the period
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Value of stock related to Restricted Stock Awards issued during the period
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

This element represents the amount of recognized equity-based compensation during the period
 that is
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415241&amp;loc=d3e4534-113899
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5047-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6576910&amp;loc=d3e11149-113907
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6576910&amp;loc=d3e11178-113907
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 64
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A91
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 39
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

This element represents the amount of recognized equity-based compensation during the period
 that is
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415241&amp;loc=d3e4534-113899
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5047-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6576910&amp;loc=d3e11149-113907
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6576910&amp;loc=d3e11178-113907
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 64
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A91
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 39
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.





Decrease in noncontrolling interest balance from payment of dividends or other distributions by the non-wholly owned subsidiary or partially owned entity
 included in the consolidation of the parent entity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph c(2)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Decrease in noncontrolling interest balance from payment of dividends or other distributions by the non-wholly owned subsidiary or partially owned entity
 included in the consolidation of the parent entity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph c(2)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The fair value as of the reporting date of noncontrolling interests which are redeemable by the (parent) entity (1) at a fixed or determinable price on a fixed or determinable date
 (2) at the option of the holder of the noncontrolling interest
 or (3) upon occurrence of an event that is not solely within the control of the (parent) entity. The noncontrolling interest holder's ownership (or holders' ownership) is represented by an equity interest that does not conform to either common or preferred equity (noncontrolling) interests otherwise provided for in the taxonomy
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph (12)(c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph (16)(c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph 14
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number D-98
 -Paragraph 43
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number D-98
 -Paragraph 43
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 27
 -Subparagraph c
 -Appendix A
Ending Balance
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
 Equity
 Other
 Fair Value
The fair value as of the reporting date of noncontrolling interests which are redeemable by the (parent) entity (1) at a fixed or determinable price on a fixed or determinable date
 (2) at the option of the holder of the noncontrolling interest
 or (3) upon occurrence of an event that is not solely within the control of the (parent) entity. The noncontrolling interest holder's ownership (or holders' ownership) is represented by an equity interest that does not conform to either common or preferred equity (noncontrolling) interests otherwise provided for in the taxonomy
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph (12)(c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph (16)(c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph 14
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number D-98
 -Paragraph 43
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number D-98
 -Paragraph 43
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 27
 -Subparagraph c
 -Appendix A
Ending Balance
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
 Equity
 Other
 Fair Value
 at May. 27
 2012
Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4568447-111683
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 25
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 16
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4568740-111683
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A3
 -Appendix A
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4I
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4590271-111686
Ending Balance
 Stockholders' Equity
 Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest
Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4568447-111683
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 25
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 16
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4568740-111683
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A3
 -Appendix A
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4I
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4590271-111686
Ending Balance
 Stockholders' Equity
 Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest
 at May. 27
 2012
Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 30
 -Article 5
Ending Balance
 Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued
Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 30
 -Article 5
Ending Balance
 Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued
 at May. 27
 2012
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Article 5
Ending Balance
 Treasury Stock
 Shares
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Article 5
Ending Balance
 Treasury Stock
 Shares
 at May. 27
 2012
The change in equity [net assets] of a business enterprise during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources which are attributable to the economic entity
 including both controlling (parent) and noncontrolling interests. It includes all changes in equity during a period except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A5
 -Appendix A
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4K
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4591552-111686
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 19
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4569616-111683
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The change in equity [net assets] of a business enterprise during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources which are attributable to the economic entity
 including both controlling (parent) and noncontrolling interests. It includes all changes in equity during a period except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A5
 -Appendix A
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4K
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4591552-111686
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 19
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4569616-111683
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The change in redeemable interests of a business enterprise during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources which are attributable to redeemable interests
 if any.
The change in redeemable interests of a business enterprise during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources which are attributable to redeemable interests
 if any.
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6405813&amp;loc=d3e23239-112655
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 43
 -Section B
 -Paragraph 7
 -Subparagraph b
 -Chapter 1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Shares purchased
 value
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6405813&amp;loc=d3e23239-112655
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 43
 -Section B
 -Paragraph 7
 -Subparagraph b
 -Chapter 1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Shares purchased
 value
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Article 5
Shares purchased
 shares
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Article 5
Shares purchased
 shares
Equity impact of the value of treasury stock (units) reissued during the period
 excluding reissuance of shares (units) held in treasury used to satisfy equity-based compensation obligations exercised by the holders of such rights. Upon reissuance of shares (units) from treasury
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6405813&amp;loc=d3e23239-112655
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 43
 -Section B
 -Paragraph 7
 -Subparagraph b
 -Chapter 1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Stock compensation plans
 value (includes income tax benefits)
Equity impact of the value of treasury stock (units) reissued during the period
 excluding reissuance of shares (units) held in treasury used to satisfy equity-based compensation obligations exercised by the holders of such rights. Upon reissuance of shares (units) from treasury
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6405813&amp;loc=d3e23239-112655
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 43
 -Section B
 -Paragraph 7
 -Subparagraph b
 -Chapter 1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Stock compensation plans
 value (includes income tax benefits)
Number of treasury shares (units) reissued during the period
 excluding reissuance of shares (units) held in treasury used to satisfy equity-based compensation obligations exercised by the holders of such rights. Upon reissuance of shares (units) from treasury
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Stock compensation plans
 shares (includes income tax benefits)
Number of treasury shares (units) reissued during the period
 excluding reissuance of shares (units) held in treasury used to satisfy equity-based compensation obligations exercised by the holders of such rights. Upon reissuance of shares (units) from treasury
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Stock compensation plans
 shares (includes income tax benefits)
Value of stock related to Restricted Stock Awards issued during the period
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Value of stock related to Restricted Stock Awards issued during the period
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

This element represents the amount of recognized equity-based compensation during the period
 that is
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415241&amp;loc=d3e4534-113899
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5047-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6576910&amp;loc=d3e11149-113907
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6576910&amp;loc=d3e11178-113907
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 64
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A91
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 39
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

This element represents the amount of recognized equity-based compensation during the period
 that is
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415241&amp;loc=d3e4534-113899
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5047-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6576910&amp;loc=d3e11149-113907
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6576910&amp;loc=d3e11178-113907
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 64
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A91
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 39
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.



Decrease in noncontrolling and redeemable interest balance from payment of dividends or other distributions by the non-wholly owned subsidiary or partially owned entity
 included in the consolidation of the parent entity
 to the noncontrolling and redeemable interest holders.
Decrease in noncontrolling and redeemable interest balance from payment of dividends or other distributions by the non-wholly owned subsidiary or partially owned entity
 included in the consolidation of the parent entity
 to the noncontrolling and redeemable interest holders.
Decrease in noncontrolling interest balance from payment of dividends or other distributions by the non-wholly owned subsidiary or partially owned entity
 included in the consolidation of the parent entity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph c(2)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Decrease in noncontrolling interest balance from payment of dividends or other distributions by the non-wholly owned subsidiary or partially owned entity
 included in the consolidation of the parent entity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph c(2)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The fair value as of the reporting date of noncontrolling interests which are redeemable by the (parent) entity (1) at a fixed or determinable price on a fixed or determinable date
 (2) at the option of the holder of the noncontrolling interest
 or (3) upon occurrence of an event that is not solely within the control of the (parent) entity. The noncontrolling interest holder's ownership (or holders' ownership) is represented by an equity interest that does not conform to either common or preferred equity (noncontrolling) interests otherwise provided for in the taxonomy
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph (12)(c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph (16)(c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph 14
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number D-98
 -Paragraph 43
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number D-98
 -Paragraph 43
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 27
 -Subparagraph c
 -Appendix A
Ending Balance
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
 Equity
 Other
 Fair Value
The fair value as of the reporting date of noncontrolling interests which are redeemable by the (parent) entity (1) at a fixed or determinable price on a fixed or determinable date
 (2) at the option of the holder of the noncontrolling interest
 or (3) upon occurrence of an event that is not solely within the control of the (parent) entity. The noncontrolling interest holder's ownership (or holders' ownership) is represented by an equity interest that does not conform to either common or preferred equity (noncontrolling) interests otherwise provided for in the taxonomy
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph (12)(c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph (16)(c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph 14
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number D-98
 -Paragraph 43
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number D-98
 -Paragraph 43
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 27
 -Subparagraph c
 -Appendix A
Ending Balance
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
 Equity
 Other
 Fair Value
 at May. 26
 2013
Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4568447-111683
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 25
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 16
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4568740-111683
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A3
 -Appendix A
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4I
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4590271-111686
Ending Balance
 Stockholders' Equity
 Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest
Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4568447-111683
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 25
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 16
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7656940&amp;loc=SL4568740-111683
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A3
 -Appendix A
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 810
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 4I
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=18733213&amp;loc=SL4590271-111686
Ending Balance
 Stockholders' Equity
 Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest
 at May. 26
 2013
Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 30
 -Article 5
Ending Balance
 Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued
Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 30
 -Article 5
Ending Balance
 Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued
 at May. 26
 2013
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Article 5
Ending Balance
 Treasury Stock
 Shares
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Article 5
Ending Balance
 Treasury Stock
 Shares
 at May. 26
 2013








 other postretirement
 and postemployment benefit plans) (Details)


041303 - Disclosure - Retirement Benefits and Postemployment Benefits (Schedule of summarized financial information about defined benefit pension
 other postretirement
In Millions
 unless otherwise specified






Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The difference between fair value of plan assets at the end of the period and the fair value at the beginning of the period
 adjusted for contributions and payments of benefits during the period
 and after adjusting for taxes and other expenses
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 264
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 106
 -Paragraph 518
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Actual Return on Plan Assets (Component of Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6504192
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Actual Return on Plan Assets (Component of Net Periodic Pension Cost)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6504226
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)(4)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

The amount of payments made with asset investments for which participants are entitled under a pension plan
 including pension benefits
 death benefits
 and benefits due on termination of employment. Also includes payments made under a postretirement benefit plan
 including prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
 educational and advisory services.
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.


1) For defined benefit pension plans
 the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value as of a date of all benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered prior to that date.  2) For other postretirement defined benefit plans
 the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Projected Benefit Obligation
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6522206
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6503904
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph E1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 264
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 106
 -Paragraph 518
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (h)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph a
 h
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Service Cost (Component of Net Periodic Pension Cost)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6525008
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 264
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 106
 -Paragraph 518
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (h)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph a
 h
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The amount of increase or decrease due to a change in the terms of an existing plan or the initiation of a new plan. A plan amendment may increase or decrease benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 264
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 106
 -Paragraph 518
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Glossary Plan Amendment
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6520782
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 60
 -Glossary Plan Amendment
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6520743
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(7)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 264
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 106
 -Paragraph 518
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(10)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Plan Curtailment
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6520938
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 15
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph (a)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7577095&amp;loc=d3e8001-114927
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 88
 -Paragraph 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)(4)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

Amount of the period's gross receipts received from the prescription drug subsidy
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 60
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6414203&amp;loc=d3e39716-114964
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP)
 -Number FAS106-2
 -Paragraph 20
 21
 22
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Amount of gain (loss) from a decision to temporarily deviate from the substantive plan
 or from a change in benefit obligation or plan asset value from changes in actuarial assumptions
 for example
 but not limited to
 interest
 mortality
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Glossary Gain or Loss
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6514294
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(4)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 60
 -Glossary Gain or Loss
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6749293

The amount of payments made for which participants are entitled under a pension plan
 including pension benefits
 death benefits
 and benefits due on termination of employment. Also includes payments made under a postretirement benefit plan
 including prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Postretirement Benefits
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6521376
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 264
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 106
 -Paragraph 518
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 60
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6414203&amp;loc=d3e39716-114964
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Glossary Benefits
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6506267
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 60
 -Glossary Benefits
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6506309
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(6)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)(5)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP)
 -Number FAS106-2
 -Paragraph 22
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(5)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 141
 -Paragraph 51
 -Subparagraph e
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 141
 -Paragraph 37
 -Subparagraph h
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

1) For defined benefit pension plans
 the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value as of a date of all benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered prior to that date.  2) For other postretirement defined benefit plans
 the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Projected Benefit Obligation
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6522206
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6503904
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph E1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The funded status is measured as the difference between the fair value of plan assets and the benefit obligation. Will normally be the same as the net Defined Benefit Plan
 Amounts Recognized in Balance Sheet
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915240&amp;loc=d3e1703-114919




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The difference between fair value of plan assets at the end of the period and the fair value at the beginning of the period
 adjusted for contributions and payments of benefits during the period
 and after adjusting for taxes and other expenses
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 264
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 106
 -Paragraph 518
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Actual Return on Plan Assets (Component of Net Periodic Postretirement Benefit Cost)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6504192
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Actual Return on Plan Assets (Component of Net Periodic Pension Cost)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6504226
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)(4)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

The amount of payments made with asset investments for which participants are entitled under a pension plan
 including pension benefits
 death benefits
 and benefits due on termination of employment. Also includes payments made under a postretirement benefit plan
 including prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
 educational and advisory services.
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.


1) For defined benefit pension plans
 the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value as of a date of all benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered prior to that date.  2) For other postretirement defined benefit plans
 the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Projected Benefit Obligation
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6522206
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6503904
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph E1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 264
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 106
 -Paragraph 518
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (h)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph a
 h
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Service Cost (Component of Net Periodic Pension Cost)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6525008
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 264
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 106
 -Paragraph 518
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (h)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph a
 h
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The amount of increase or decrease due to a change in the terms of an existing plan or the initiation of a new plan. A plan amendment may increase or decrease benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 264
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 106
 -Paragraph 518
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Glossary Plan Amendment
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6520782
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 60
 -Glossary Plan Amendment
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6520743
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(7)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 264
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 106
 -Paragraph 518
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(10)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Plan Curtailment
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6520938
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 15
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph (a)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7577095&amp;loc=d3e8001-114927
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 88
 -Paragraph 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)(4)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

Amount of the period's gross receipts received from the prescription drug subsidy
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 60
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6414203&amp;loc=d3e39716-114964
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP)
 -Number FAS106-2
 -Paragraph 20
 21
 22
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Amount of gain (loss) from a decision to temporarily deviate from the substantive plan
 or from a change in benefit obligation or plan asset value from changes in actuarial assumptions
 for example
 but not limited to
 interest
 mortality
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Glossary Gain or Loss
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6514294
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(4)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 60
 -Glossary Gain or Loss
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6749293

The amount of payments made for which participants are entitled under a pension plan
 including pension benefits
 death benefits
 and benefits due on termination of employment. Also includes payments made under a postretirement benefit plan
 including prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Postretirement Benefits
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6521376
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 264
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 106
 -Paragraph 518
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 60
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6414203&amp;loc=d3e39716-114964
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Glossary Benefits
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6506267
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 60
 -Glossary Benefits
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6506309
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(6)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)(5)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP)
 -Number FAS106-2
 -Paragraph 22
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(5)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 141
 -Paragraph 51
 -Subparagraph e
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 141
 -Paragraph 37
 -Subparagraph h
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

1) For defined benefit pension plans
 the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value as of a date of all benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered prior to that date.  2) For other postretirement defined benefit plans
 the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Projected Benefit Obligation
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6522206
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6503904
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph E1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The funded status is measured as the difference between the fair value of plan assets and the benefit obligation. Will normally be the same as the net Defined Benefit Plan
 Amounts Recognized in Balance Sheet
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915240&amp;loc=d3e1703-114919




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)(4)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920


1) For defined benefit pension plans
 the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value as of a date of all benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered prior to that date.  2) For other postretirement defined benefit plans
 the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Projected Benefit Obligation
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6522206
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6503904
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph E1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 264
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 106
 -Paragraph 518
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (h)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph a
 h
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Service Cost (Component of Net Periodic Pension Cost)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6525008
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 264
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 106
 -Paragraph 518
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (h)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph a
 h
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The amount of increase or decrease due to a change in the terms of an existing plan or the initiation of a new plan. A plan amendment may increase or decrease benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 264
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 106
 -Paragraph 518
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Glossary Plan Amendment
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6520782
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 60
 -Glossary Plan Amendment
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6520743
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(7)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 264
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 106
 -Paragraph 518
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(10)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Plan Curtailment
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6520938
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 15
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph (a)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7577095&amp;loc=d3e8001-114927
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 88
 -Paragraph 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)(4)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

Amount of the period's gross receipts received from the prescription drug subsidy
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 60
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6414203&amp;loc=d3e39716-114964
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP)
 -Number FAS106-2
 -Paragraph 20
 21
 22
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Amount of gain (loss) from a decision to temporarily deviate from the substantive plan
 or from a change in benefit obligation or plan asset value from changes in actuarial assumptions
 for example
 but not limited to
 interest
 mortality
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Glossary Gain or Loss
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6514294
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(4)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 60
 -Glossary Gain or Loss
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6749293

The amount of payments made for which participants are entitled under a pension plan
 including pension benefits
 death benefits
 and benefits due on termination of employment. Also includes payments made under a postretirement benefit plan
 including prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Postretirement Benefits
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6521376
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 264
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 106
 -Paragraph 518
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 60
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6414203&amp;loc=d3e39716-114964
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Glossary Benefits
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6506267
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 60
 -Glossary Benefits
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6506309
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(6)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)(5)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP)
 -Number FAS106-2
 -Paragraph 22
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(5)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 141
 -Paragraph 51
 -Subparagraph e
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 141
 -Paragraph 37
 -Subparagraph h
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

1) For defined benefit pension plans
 the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value as of a date of all benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered prior to that date.  2) For other postretirement defined benefit plans
 the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Projected Benefit Obligation
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6522206
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Accumulated Postretirement Benefit Obligation
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6503904
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph E1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The funded status is measured as the difference between the fair value of plan assets and the benefit obligation. Will normally be the same as the net Defined Benefit Plan
 Amounts Recognized in Balance Sheet
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915240&amp;loc=d3e1703-114919
Retirement Benefits and Postemployment Benefits (Schedule of summarized financial information about defined benefit pension
 other postretirement
 and postemployment benefit plans) (Details) (USD $)












    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 13
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Supplemental Information (Schedule of the components of interest
 net) (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.7
8)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Millions
 unless otherwise specified


Amount of amortization expense expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Future amortization expense
 year one
Amount of amortization expense expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Future amortization expense
 year two
Amount of amortization expense expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Future amortization expense
 year three
Amount of amortization expense expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Future amortization expense
 year four
Amount of amortization expense expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Future amortization expense
 year five












    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


Medicare Subsidy Receipts
 Next Twelve Months
        


Medicare Subsidy Receipts
 Year Two
        


Medicare Subsidy Receipts
 Year Three
        


Medicare Subsidy Receipts
 Year Four
        


Medicare Subsidy Receipts
 Year Five
        


Medicare Subsidy Receipts
 Five Fiscal Years Thereafter
        



          

        


        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Next Twelve Months
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Two
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Three
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Four
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Five
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Five Fiscal Years Thereafter

512.3



          

        


        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Next Twelve Months
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Two
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Three
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Four
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Five
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Five Fiscal Years Thereafter
        



          

        


        
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Next Twelve Months
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Two
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Three
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Four
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Five
        


Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Five Fiscal Years Thereafter
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Millions
 unless otherwise specified












Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5





Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5





Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5





Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5





Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5


























    
  
      

Leases
 Other Commitments
 and Contingencies (Schedule of rent expense by type of property for operating leases) (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


Operating leases
 rent expense
 net
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Operating leases
 rent expense
 net
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Operating leases
 rent expense
 net
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Operating leases
 rent expense
 net
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including minimum and any contingent rent expense
 net of related sublease income.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Yoplait S.A.S.
Yoplait Marques S.A.S.
 General Mills Cereals
In addition
 of May 26
On the acquisition date
heets quarterly to the redeemable interest's redemption value
 agreement. As of May 26
 2013
On the acquisition date
In addition
 at market-determined prices through July 1
 2021. Net purchases totaled $263.5 million 
During the first quarter of fiscal 2013
 investor
 through the distribution of its manufacturing assets
 stock
 inventory
 cash and certain intellectual property to a wholly owned subsidiary.&#160;GMC retained the remaining intellectual property.&#160;Immediately following the restructuring
The holder of the GMC Class&#160;A Interests receives quarterly preferred distributions from available net income based on the application of a floating preferred return rate
 currently equal to the sum of three-month LIBOR plus 110 basis points
For financial reporting purposes
 the assets
 liabilities
perations
 interests contain restrictive covenants. As of May 26
 2013
 we were in complian




        
          

        
          
            

 which could include the name of the subsidiary
 the ownership percentage held by the parent
 the ownership percentage held by the noncontrolling owners
 the amount of the noncontrolling interest
 the location of this amount on the balance sheet (when not reported separately)
 an explanation of the increase or decrease in the amount of the noncontrolling interest
 the noncontrolling interest share of the net Income or Loss of the subsidiary
 the location of this amount on the income statement (when not reported separately)
 the nature of the noncontrolling interest such as background information and terms
 the amount of the noncontrolling interest represented by preferred stock
 a description of the preferred stock
 and the dividend requirements of the preferred stock.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


Future amortization expense
 year one
        


Future amortization expense
 year two
        


Future amortization expense
 year three
        


Future amortization expense
 year four
        


Future amortization expense
 year five
        




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

















 Risk Management Activities
 and Fair Values (Schedule of available for sale securities) (Details)


040701 - Disclosure - Financial Instruments
 Risk Management Activities
In Millions
 unless otherwise specified



This item represents the cost of debt and equity securities
 which are categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading
 net of adjustments including accretion
 amortization
 collection of cash
 previous other-than-temporary impairments recognized in earnings (less any cumulative-effect adjustments recognized
 as defined)
 and fair value hedge accounting adjustments
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP)
 -Number FAS115-1/124-1
 -Paragraph 7
 -Footnote 2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 115
 -Paragraph 19
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

This element represents the portion of the balance sheet assertion valued at fair value by the entity whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally
 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission. This item represents Available-for-sale Securities which consist of all investments in certain debt and equity securities neither classified as trading or held-to-maturity securities. A debt security represents a creditor relationship with an enterprise. Debt securities include
 among other items
 US Treasury securities
 US government securities
 municipal securities
 corporate bonds
 convertible debt
 commercial paper
 and all securitized debt instruments. An equity security represents an ownership interest in an enterprise or the right to acquire or dispose of an ownership interest in an enterprise at fixed or determinable prices. Equity securities include
 among other things
 common stock
 certain preferred stock
 warrant rights
 call options
 and put options
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 320
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 25
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7534914&amp;loc=d3e22054-111558
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 115
 -Paragraph 12
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Available-for-Sale Securities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6505594

This item represents the gross unrealized gains for securities
 at a point in time
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 133
 -Paragraph 22
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 320
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6872113&amp;loc=d3e27161-111563
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 115
 -Paragraph 13
 19
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

This item represents the gross unrealized losses for securities
 at a point in time
 which are categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading securities.



This item represents the cost of debt and equity securities
 which are categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading
 net of adjustments including accretion
 amortization
 collection of cash
 previous other-than-temporary impairments recognized in earnings (less any cumulative-effect adjustments recognized
 as defined)
 and fair value hedge accounting adjustments
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP)
 -Number FAS115-1/124-1
 -Paragraph 7
 -Footnote 2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 115
 -Paragraph 19
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

This element represents the portion of the balance sheet assertion valued at fair value by the entity whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally
 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission. This item represents Available-for-sale Securities which consist of all investments in certain debt and equity securities neither classified as trading or held-to-maturity securities. A debt security represents a creditor relationship with an enterprise. Debt securities include
 among other items
 US Treasury securities
 US government securities
 municipal securities
 corporate bonds
 convertible debt
 commercial paper
 and all securitized debt instruments. An equity security represents an ownership interest in an enterprise or the right to acquire or dispose of an ownership interest in an enterprise at fixed or determinable prices. Equity securities include
 among other things
 common stock
 certain preferred stock
 warrant rights
 call options
 and put options
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 320
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 25
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7534914&amp;loc=d3e22054-111558
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 115
 -Paragraph 12
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Available-for-Sale Securities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6505594

This item represents the gross unrealized gains for securities
 at a point in time
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 133
 -Paragraph 22
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 320
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6872113&amp;loc=d3e27161-111563
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 115
 -Paragraph 13
 19
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

This item represents the gross unrealized losses for securities
 at a point in time
 which are categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading securities.



This item represents the cost of debt and equity securities
 which are categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading
 net of adjustments including accretion
 amortization
 collection of cash
 previous other-than-temporary impairments recognized in earnings (less any cumulative-effect adjustments recognized
 as defined)
 and fair value hedge accounting adjustments
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP)
 -Number FAS115-1/124-1
 -Paragraph 7
 -Footnote 2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 115
 -Paragraph 19
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

This element represents the portion of the balance sheet assertion valued at fair value by the entity whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally
 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission. This item represents Available-for-sale Securities which consist of all investments in certain debt and equity securities neither classified as trading or held-to-maturity securities. A debt security represents a creditor relationship with an enterprise. Debt securities include
 among other items
 US Treasury securities
 US government securities
 municipal securities
 corporate bonds
 convertible debt
 commercial paper
 and all securitized debt instruments. An equity security represents an ownership interest in an enterprise or the right to acquire or dispose of an ownership interest in an enterprise at fixed or determinable prices. Equity securities include
 among other things
 common stock
 certain preferred stock
 warrant rights
 call options
 and put options
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 320
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 25
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7534914&amp;loc=d3e22054-111558
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 115
 -Paragraph 12
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Available-for-Sale Securities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6505594

This item represents the gross unrealized gains for securities
 at a point in time
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 133
 -Paragraph 22
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 320
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6872113&amp;loc=d3e27161-111563
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 115
 -Paragraph 13
 19
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

This item represents the gross unrealized losses for securities
 at a point in time
Financial Instruments
 Risk Management Activities
 and Fair Values (Schedule of available for sale securities) (Details) (USD $)












    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
        
        


        

446.4

323.6


        

545.5

478.8


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

298.9

691.4


Land
 buildings
 and equipment

878.1

652.7


        

622.2

182.5


        

015.1

704.9


        
        
        


        

658.0

096.8


        
        
        


        

423.2

148.9


        

443.3
        


        
        
        


        

827.7

426.6


        

293.9

843.2


        

926.1

161.9


        

389.1

171.4


        

952.9

189.8


        

562.0

366.3


        
        
        


        
        
        


Common stock
 754.6 shares issued
 $0.10 par value
        
        


        

166.6

308.4


        

702.6

958.5


Common stock in treasury
 at cost

687.2)

177.0)


        

585.3)

743.7)


        

672.2

421.7


        
        
        


        

128.5

882.7


        

658.0

096.8




        
          

        
          
            

 Stockholders' Equity
 and Redeemable Interest items (or Partners' Capital
 as applicable)
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any
 and redeemable interest
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 14
 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding items classified as marketable securities
 include short-term
 highly liquid Investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash
 and so near their maturity that they present minimal risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally
 only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify under that definition. Original maturity means original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example
 both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However
 a Treasury note purchased three years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months. Short-term investments
 exclusive of cash equivalents
 generally consist of marketable securities intended to be sold within one year (or the normal operating cycle if longer) and may include trading securities
 available-for-sale securities
 or held-to-maturity securities (if maturing within one year)
 as applicable.
              
 -Paragraph 7
 8
 9
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Paragraph 41
 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards net of valuation allowances expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
 -Paragraph 41
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is the cumulative amount paid and (if applicable) the fair value of any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree
 adjusted for any amortization recognized prior to the adoption of any changes in generally accepted accounting principles (as applicable) and for any impairment charges
 in excess of the fair value of net assets acquired in one or more business combination transactions.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
              
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
 -Paragraph 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is debt initially having maturities due after one year from the balance sheet date or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer
 but excluding the portions thereof scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer plus capital lease obligations due to be paid more than one year after the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the portion which is due in one year or less in the future.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered and of liabilities not separately disclosed.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 and the aggregate carrying amount of current assets
 as of the balance sheet date
 not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet. Current assets are expected to be realized or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.
              
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer) from outside sources
 including trade accounts receivable
 notes and loans receivable
 as well as any other types of receivables
 net of allowances established for the purpose of reducing such receivables to an amount that approximates their net realizable value.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
4)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) at the option of the holder of the noncontrolling interest
 or (3) upon occurrence of an event that is not solely within the control of the (parent) entity. The noncontrolling interest holder's ownership (or holders' ownership) is represented by an equity interest that does not conform to either common or preferred equity (noncontrolling) interests otherwise provided for in the taxonomy
 regardless of investee entity legal form.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
 -Subparagraph 2
 3
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
valued at the lower of cost
 using the last-in
 first-out (LIFO) method
valued at the lower of cost
 using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method
Shipping costs associated with the distribution of finished product to our customers are recorded as cost of sales
Land
 Buildings
 Equipment
Land is recorded at historical cost. Buildings and equipment
 including capitalized interest and internal engineering costs
 are recorded at cost and depreciated over estimated useful lives
 primarily using the straight-line method. Ordinary maintenance and repairs are charged to cost of sales. Buildings are usually depreciated over 40 to 50 years
 and equipment
 furniture
 years. Fully depreciated assets are retained in buildings and equipment until disposal. When an item is sold or retired
 the resulting gains and losses
 if any
May 26
 2013
Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset (or asset group) may not be recoverable. An impairment loss would be recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows from the operation and disposition of the asset group are less than the carrying amount of the asset group. Asset groups have identifiable cash flows and are largely independent of other asset groups. Measurement of an impairment loss would be based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset group over its fair value. Fair value is measured using a discounted cash flow model or independent appraisals
Goodwill is not subject to amortization and is tested for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. Impairment testing is performed for each of our reporting units. We compare the carrying value of a reporting unit
 including goodwill
 to the fair value of the unit. Carrying value is based on the assets and liabilities associated with the operations of that reporting unit
 which often requires allocation of shared or corporate items among reporting units. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 we revalue all assets and liabilities of the reporting unit
 excluding goodwill
 to determine if the fair value of the net assets is greater than the net assets including goodwill. If the fair value of the net assets is less than the carrying amount of net assets including goodwill
 impairment has occurred. Our estimates of fair value are determined based on a discounted cash flow model. Growth rates for sales and profits are determined using inputs from our annual long-range planning process. We also make estimates of discount rates
 perpetuity growth assumptions
 market 
 and other factors. We performed our fiscal 2013 assessment as of November 2
2
We evaluate the useful lives of our other intangible assets
 mainly brands
 to determine if they are finite or indefinite-lived. Reaching a determination on useful life requires significant judgments and assumptions regarding the future effects of obsolescence
 demand
 competition
 other economic factors (such as the stability of the industry
 known technological advances
 legislative action that results in an uncertain or changing regulatory environment
 and expected changes in distribution channels)
 the level of required maintenance expenditures
on a straight-line basis
 over their useful lives
Our indefinite-lived intangible assets
 mainly intangible assets primarily associated with the 
 
 
 
 
 
 
brands
 are also tested for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. We performed our fiscal 2013 assessment of our brand intangibles as of November 2
from our annual long-range plan
le if we did not own the brands
 and a discount rate. As of our assessment date
Our finite-lived intangible assets
 primarily acquired franchise agreements and customer relationships
Measurement of an impairment loss would be based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset over its fair value. Fair value is measured using a discounted cash flow model or other similar valuation model
Our investments in companies over which we have the ability to exercise significant influence are stated at cost plus our share of undistributed earnings or losses. We receive royalty income from certain joint ventures
 incur various expenses (primarily research and development)
 and record the tax impact of certain joint venture operations that are structured as partnerships. In addition
 we make advances to our joint ventures in the form of loans or capital investments. We also sell certain raw materials
 semi-finished goods
 and finished goods to the joint ventures
In addition
joint ventures if we have reason to believe an impairment may have occurred including
 but not limited to
 operating losses
 projected decreases in earnings
evenue growth and profitability
 royalty rates
 capital spending
 depreciation and taxes
 and a discount rate. By their nature
 these projections and assumptions are uncertain. If we were to determine the current fair value of our investment was less than the carrying value of the investment
On July 1
 2011
ling interest in Yoplait S.A.S.
. When the put is no longer exercisable
eets quarterly to the redeemable interest's redemption value
 which approximates its fair value.
The significant assumptions used to estimate the redemption value include projected revenue growth and profitability from our long range plan
 capital spending
 depreciation and taxes
 foreign currency rates
May 26
 2013
material to our results of operations
 financial condition
May 26
We determined whether or not we were the primary beneficiary (PB) of each VIE using a qualitative assessment that considered the VIE's purpose and design
 the involvement of each of the interest holders
fiscal 2013
We recognize sales revenue when the shipment is accepted by our customer. Sales include shipping and handling charges billed to the customer and are reported net of consumer coupon redemption
 trade promotion and other costs
 including estimated allowances for returns
 unsalable product
 and prompt pay discounts. Sales
 use
 value-added
 and other excise taxes are not recognized in revenue. Coupons are recorded when distributed
 based on estimated redemption rates. Trade promotions are recorded based on estimated participation and performance levels for offered programs at the time of sale. We generally do not allow a right of return. However
 on a limited case-by-case basis with prior approval
 we may allow customers to return product. In limited circumstances
 product returned in saleable condition is resold to other customers or outlets. Receivables from customers generally do not bear interest. Terms and collection patterns vary around the world and by channel. The allowance for doubtful accounts represents our estimate of probable non-payments and credit losses in our existing receivables
Environmental costs relating to existing conditions caused by past operations that do not contribute to current or future revenues are expensed. Liabilities for anticipated remediation costs are recorded on an undiscounted basis when they are probable and reasonably estimable
All expenditures for research and development (R&amp;D) are charged against earnings in the year incurred. R&amp;D includes expenditures for new product and manufacturing process innovation
 and the annual expenditures are comprised primarily of internal salaries
 wages
 consulting
 and other supplies attributable to time spent on R&amp;D activities. Other costs include depreciation and maintenance of research facilities
For all significant foreign operations
 the functional currency is the local currency. Assets and liabilities of these operations are translated at the period-end exchange rates. Income statement accounts are translated using the average exchange rates prevailing during the year. Translation adjustments are reflected within accumula
All derivatives are recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value based on quoted market prices or our estimate of their fair value
 and are recorded in either current or noncurrent assets or liabilities based on their maturity. Changes in the fair values of derivatives are recorded in net earnings or other comprehensive income
as a hedge transaction and
 if so
 are reclassified to earnings in the period the hedged item affects earnings. If the underlying hedged transaction ceases to exist
 selling
Certain equity-based compensation plans contain provisions that accelerate vesting of awards upon retirement
 or death of eligible employees and directors. We consider a stock-based award to be vested when the employee's retention of the award is no longer contingent on providing subsequent service. Accordingly
 the related compensation cost is recognized immediately for awards granted to retirement-eligible individuals or over the period from the grant date to the date retirement eligibility is achieved
We report the benefits of tax deductions in excess of recognized compensation cost as a financing cash flow
Defined Benefit Pension
 Other Postretirement
We sponsor several domestic and foreign defined benefit plans to provide pension
 health care
 and other welfare benefits to retired employees. Under certain circumstances
 we also provide accruable benefits to former or inactive employees in the United States and Canada and members of our Board of Directors
Preparing our Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates include our accounting for promotional expenditures
 valuation of long-lived assets
 intangible assets
 redeemable interest
 stock-based compensation
 income taxes
 and defined benefit pension
In fiscal 2013
 we adopted new accounting guidance for the presentation of other comprehensive income (OCI). This guidance requires entities to present net income and OCI in either a single continuous statement or in separate consecutive statements. The guidance does not change the components of net income or OCI
 when OCI should be reclassified to net income
In fiscal 2013
 we adopted new accounting guidance intended to simplify indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment testing. Entities are allowed to perform a qualitative assessment of indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment to determine whether a quantitative assessment is necessary. We adopted this guidance for our annual indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment test for fiscal 2013
In fiscal 2012
In fiscal 2012
 we adopted new accounting guidance on employer's disclosures about participation in multiemployer benefit plans. 
In fiscal 2011
 we adopted new accounting guidance on the consolidation model for VIEs. The guidance requires companies to qualitatively assess the determination of the primary beneficiary of a VIE based on whether the company (1) has the power to direct matters that most significantly impact the VIE's economic performance
 and (2) has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The adoption of the guidance did not have an impact on our results of operations or financial condition.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.4.0.3
 *
 */
var Show = {};
Show.LastAR = null
Show.hideAR = function(){
	Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
};
Show.showAR = function ( link
 id
 win ){
	if( Show.LastAR ){
		Show.hideAR();
	}
	var ref = link;
	do {
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
	if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
		var tmp = win ?
			win.document.getElementById(id) :
			document.getElementById(id);
		if( tmp ){
			ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
			ref.id = '';
			link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
		}
	}
	if( ref ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		Show.LastAR = ref;
	}
};
Show.toggleNext = function( link ){
	var ref = link;
	do{
		ref = ref.nextSibling;
	}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
	if( ref.style &&
		ref.style.display &&
		ref.style.display == 'none' ){
		ref.style.display = 'block';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
		}
	}else{
		ref.style.display = 'none';
		if( link.textContent ){
			link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}else{
			link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
		}
	}
};











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
U.S. Retail
 percent of our fiscal 2013 consolidated net sales; International
percent of our fiscal 2013 consolidated net sales; and Bakeries and Foodservice
Our U.S. Retail segment reflects business with a wide variety of grocery stores
 mass merchandisers
 membership stores
 natural food chains
 and drug
 dollar and discount chains operating throughout the United States. Our product categories in this business segment include ready-to-eat cereals
 refrigerated yogurt
 ready-to-serve soup
 dry dinners
 shelf stable and frozen vegetables
 refrigerated and frozen dough products
 dessert and baking mixes
 frozen pizza and pizza snacks
 grain
 fruit and savory snacks
 and a wide variety of organic products including granola bars
 cereal
Our International segment consists of retail and foodservice businesses outside of the United States. In Canada
 our product categories include ready-to-eat cereals
 shelf stable and frozen vegetables
 dry dinners
 refrigerated and frozen dough products
 dessert and baking mixes
 frozen pizza snacks
 refrigerated yogurt
 and grain and fruit snacks. In markets outside North America
 our product categories include super-premium ice cream and frozen desserts
 refrigerated yogurt
 snacks
 shelf stable and frozen vegetables
 refrigerated and frozen dough products
 and dry dinners. Our International segment also includes products manufactured in the United States for export
 mainly to Caribbean and Latin American markets
In our Bakeries and Foodservice segment our product categories include ready-to-eat cereals
 snacks
 yogurt
 unbaked and fully baked frozen dough products
 baking mixes
 and flour. Many products we sell are branded to the consumer and nearly all are branded to our customers. We sell to distributors and operators in many customer channels including foodservice
 convenience stores
 vending
Operating profit for these segments excludes unallocated corporate items and restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs. Unallocated corporate items include corporate overhead expenses
 variances to planned domestic employee benefits and incentives
 contributions to the General Mills Foundation
ure of segment profitability reviewed by executive management. Under our supply chain organization
 our manufacturing
 warehouse
 and distribution activities are substantially integrated across our operations in order to maximize efficiency and productivity. As a result
 10
 10
 10
 5
 4
 2
 1
 1
 1
 17
 16
 14
 2
 2
 2
 3
 3
 2
Restructuring
 impairment
 2
 2
 2
3
2
 2
2
2
 1
2
2
 2
2
2
 2
1
1
 1
1
1
 1
1
1
 1
17
16
 14
 12
 12
 11
 5
 4
 2
 17
 16
 14
May 26
May 27
May 26
May 27
Land
 buildings
 2
 2
 1
 3
 3
652.7




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

















 Impairment
 and Other Exist Costs (Tables)


030400 - Disclosure - Restructuring
 Impairment
 and Other Exist Costs (Tables)

RESTRUCTURING
 IMPAIRMENT
 AND OTHER EXIT COSTS [Abstract]
&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;In fiscal 2013
 we r&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;ecorded restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs pursuant to approved plans as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 388px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:388px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Expense

 we recorded restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs pursuant to approved plans as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 391px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:391px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Expense

 we recorded restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs pursuant to approved plans as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 391px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:391px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Expense
Tabular disclosure of restructuring and related costs by type of restructuring including the description of the restructuring costs
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 146
 -Paragraph 20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 420
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 5.P.4)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6394695&amp;loc=d3e140904-122747
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 420
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 5.P.3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6394695&amp;loc=d3e140864-122747
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 420
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6394359&amp;loc=d3e17939-110869
Restructuring
 Impairment
 and Other Exit Costs [Table Text Block]
&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 34px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 217px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:217px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;In Millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 61px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:61px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Severance&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 11px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:11px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 75px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:75px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Contract
Termination&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 11px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:11px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 61px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:61px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Other


 including foreign


 including foreign


 including foreign

Tabular disclosure of an entity's restructuring reserve that occurred during the period associated with the exit from or disposal of business activities or restructurings for each major type of cost. This element may also include a description of any reversal and other adjustment made during the period to the amount of an accrued liability for restructuring activities. This element may be used to encapsulate the roll forward presentations of an entity's restructuring reserve by type of cost and in total
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 420
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6394359&amp;loc=d3e17939-110869
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 420
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SAB Topic 5.P.4(b)(2))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6394695&amp;loc=d3e140904-122747
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 146
 -Paragraph 20
 -Subparagraph b(2)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Restructuring
 Impairment
 and Other Exist Costs (Tables)












    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      










        
        
        


        

369.4

903.1


        

443.3)
        


        

926.1

161.9



          

        
        


        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
        
        


        

150.0

150.0



          

        
        


        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
        
        


        

000.0

000.0



          

        
        


        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
        
        


        

000.0

000.0



          

        
        


        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage Rate Range
 Minimum
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate Stated Percentage Rate Range
 Maximum
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 including capital lease obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the highest stated (contractual) rate for funds borrowed under the debt agreement as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the lowest stated (contractual) rate for funds borrowed under the debt agreement as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is debt initially having maturities due after one year from the balance sheet date or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer
 but excluding the portions thereof scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer plus capital lease obligations due to be paid more than one year after the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the portion which is due in one year or less in the future.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Millions
 unless otherwise specified











Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.31)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 27
 -Article 5
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A3
 -Appendix A
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 7

Noncontrolling Interest Holders Capital Account
 General Mills Cereals
 LLC
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 805
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7659399&amp;loc=d3e1392-128463
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 141R
 -Paragraph 68
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The equity interest of noncontrolling shareholders
 partners or other equity holders in consolidated entity.
The fair value as of the reporting date of noncontrolling interests which are redeemable by the (parent) entity (1) at a fixed or determinable price on a fixed or determinable date
 (2) at the option of the holder of the noncontrolling interest
 or (3) upon occurrence of an event that is not solely within the control of the (parent) entity. The noncontrolling interest holder's ownership (or holders' ownership) is represented by an equity interest that does not conform to either common or preferred equity (noncontrolling) interests otherwise provided for in the taxonomy
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph (12)(c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph (16)(c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph 15
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 480
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 3A
 -Subparagraph 14
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14643745&amp;loc=SL6540498-122764
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number D-98
 -Paragraph 43
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number D-98
 -Paragraph 43
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 27
 -Subparagraph c
 -Appendix A

The percent ownership as of the reporting date of noncontrolling interests which the parent entity is required to redeem (1) at a fixed or determinable price on a fixed or determinable date
 (2) at the option of the holder of the noncontrolling interest
 or (3) upon occurrence of an event that is not solely within the control of the (parent) entity.
Payment of dividends or other distributions by the non-wholly owned subsidiary or partially owned entity
 included in the consolidation of the parent entity
 to the noncontrolling and redeemable interest holders.
The reference rate for the variable rate of the preferred distributions
 such as LIBOR or the US Treasury rate and the maturity of the reference rate used
 such as three months or six months LIBOR.


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 850
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39603-107864
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 850
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39622-107864
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 57
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 850
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864
Related Party Transaction
 Amounts of Transaction

Carrying amount of equity interests owned by noncontrolling shareholders
 partners
 or other equity holders in one or more of the entities consolidated into the reporting entity's financial statements other than joint ventures
 limited partnerships
 operating partnerships or interests held by preferred unit holders.
Number of equity interests owned by noncontrolling shareholders
 partners
 or other equity holders in one or more of the entities consolidated into the reporting entity's financial statements other than joint ventures
 limited partnerships
 operating partnerships or interests held by preferred unit holders.












    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














Intangible Assets
 Net [Line Items]
        
        
        


        

704.9

813.3

715.0


        
        

108.5
        


Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation
        
        
        


        

015.1

704.9

813.3



          

        
        
        


Intangible Assets
 Net [Line Items]
        
        
        


        

297.0

242.5

206.6


        
        
        
        


Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation
        
        
        


        

312.4

297.0

242.5



          

        
        
        


Intangible Assets
 Net [Line Items]
        
        
        


        

344.1
        
        


        
        

050.3
        


Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation
        
        
        


        

638.2

344.1
        



          

        
        
        


Intangible Assets
 Net [Line Items]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
              
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
 -Paragraph 42
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

















 excluding accrued interest) (Details)


041404 - Disclosure - Income Taxes (Schedule of changes in total gross unrecognized tax benefit liabilities
In Millions
 unless otherwise specified



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Unrecognized Tax Benefit
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6527854
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 15A
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=SL6600010-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN)
 -Number 48
 -Paragraph 21
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Balance
 beginning of year
The gross amount of increases in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions that have been or will be taken in the tax return for the current period
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 15A
 -Subparagraph (a)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=SL6600010-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN)
 -Number 48
 -Paragraph 21
 -Subparagraph a(2)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The gross amount of increases in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions taken in prior period tax returns
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 15A
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=SL6600010-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN)
 -Number 48
 -Paragraph 21
 -Subparagraph a(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The gross amount of decreases in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions taken in prior period tax returns
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 15A
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=SL6600010-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN)
 -Number 48
 -Paragraph 21
 -Subparagraph a(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 15A
 -Subparagraph (a)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=SL6600010-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN)
 -Number 48
 -Paragraph 21
 -Subparagraph a(3)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 15A
 -Subparagraph (a)(4)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=SL6600010-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN)
 -Number 48
 -Paragraph 21
 -Subparagraph a(4)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Unrecognized Tax Benefit
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6527854
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 15A
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=SL6600010-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN)
 -Number 48
 -Paragraph 21
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Balance
Income Taxes (Schedule of changes in total gross unrecognized tax benefit liabilities
 excluding accrued interest) (Details) (USD $)















The number of shares reserved for issuance under stock option agreements awarded under the plan that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(d)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Article 5

For presentations that combine terminations
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(3)-(4)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901

The number of shares reserved for issuance under stock option agreements awarded under the plan that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 d(2)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 d(2)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(3)-(4)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(1)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.













    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
million shares
 without par value
On June 28
 2010
 million shares of our common stock. Purchases under the authorization can be made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions
 including the use of call options and other derivative instruments
 Rule 10b5-1 trading plans
During fiscal 2013
 million shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $1
 million. During fiscal 2012
 million. During fiscal 2011
 we repurchased 31.8 million shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $1
During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013
 million of our outstanding common stock. The total aggregate number of shares to be repurchased pursuant to this agreement will be determined based on the volume weighted average price of our common stock during the purchase period
 less a fixed discount.  Under the ASR agreement
 million during the fourth quarter of 2013
 million
 as of May 26
This forward contract is indexed to
 and potentially settled in
 In accordance with the terms of the ASR agreement
our delivery obligation
 if any
. Furthermore
 the contract specifies a maximum number of shares that we could be required to deliver to the counterparty
 and we have sufficient authorized and unissued shares available to deliver the maximum share amount. Based on these circumstances
 contract is accounted for as an equity instrument and does not require hedge or derivative accounting treatment. As long as the forward contract continues to meet the requirements to be classified as permanent equity
contract continued to meet those requirements as of May 26
 2013
Net earnings
 including earnings
  attributable to redeemable and
 1
      Amortization of losses and
 2
nterest
Net earnings
 including earnings
  attributable to redeemable and
 1
     Amortization of losses and
 (1
nterest
Net earnings
 including earnings
  attributable to redeemable and
 1
     Amortization of losses and
 2
nterest
In fiscal 2013
 2012
 
xcept for reclassifications to earnings
 balances
 net of tax effects
May 26
May 27
Pension
 other postretirement
 (1
 (1
 (1
 (1
743.7)




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 if any
 including other comprehensive income (as applicable).  Including
 but not limited to: (1) balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings; (2) accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and total amount of comprehensive income; (3) amount and nature of changes in separate accounts
 including the number of shares authorized and outstanding
 number of shares issued upon exercise and conversion
 and for other comprehensive income
 the adjustments for reclassifications to net income; (4) rights and privileges of each class of stock authorized; (5) basis of treasury stock
 if other than cost
 and amounts paid and accounting treatment for treasury stock purchased significantly in excess of market; (6) dividends paid or payable per share and in the aggregate for each class of stock for each period presented; (7) dividend restrictions and accumulated preferred dividends in arrears (in aggregate and per share amount); (8) retained earnings appropriations or restrictions
 such as dividend restrictions; (9) impact of change in accounting principle
 initial adoption of new accounting principle and correction of an error in previously issued financial statements; (10) shares held in trust for Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP); (11) deferred compensation related to issuance of capital stock; (12) note received for issuance of stock; (13) unamortized discount on shares; (14) description
 terms
 and number of warrants or rights outstanding; (15) shares under subscription and subscription receivables
 effective date of new retained earnings after quasi-reorganization and deficit eliminated by quasi-reorganization and
 for a period of at least ten years after the effective date
 the point in time from which the new retained dates; and (16) retroactive effective of subsequent change in capital structure.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 15px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 157px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:157px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=10  style=width: 400px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:400px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 8pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Fiscal 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 29px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 157px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:157px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6  style=width: 214px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:214px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 8pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;General Mills&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 15px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 85px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:85px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 8pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Noncontrolling Interests&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 15px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 71px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:71px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 8pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Redeemable Interest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 15px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 157px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:157px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 8pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;In Millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 53px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:53px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 8pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Pretax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 15px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 53px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:53px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 8pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Tax&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 18px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:18px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 63px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:63px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 8pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 15px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 85px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:85px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 8pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 15px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 71px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:71px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 8pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Net&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 45px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 157px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:157px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 8pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Net earnings
 including earnings
  attributable to redeemable and





 including earnings
  attributable to redeemable and





 including earnings
  attributable to redeemable and




Tabular disclosure of components of comprehensive income (loss) including
 but not limited to: (a) foreign currency translation adjustments; (b) gains (losses) on foreign currency transactions that are designated as
 and are effective as
 economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity; (c) gains (losses) on intercompany foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature
 when the entities to the transaction are consolidated
 combined
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=20435746&amp;loc=d3e526-108580

&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 35px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 334px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:334px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;In Millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 7px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:7px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 61px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:61px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26
2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 61px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:61px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27

 other postretirement

801.5)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 61px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:61px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; (1


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 14A
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=20435746&amp;loc=SL7669686-108580




















Equipment
 Furniture and Software [Member]
Equipment
 Furniture and Software [Member]
Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
Property
 Plant and Equipment Useful Life
Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

The percent ownership as of the reporting date of noncontrolling interests which the parent entity is required to redeem (1) at a fixed or determinable price on a fixed or determinable date
 (2) at the option of the holder of the noncontrolling interest
 or (3) upon occurrence of an event that is not solely within the control of the (parent) entity.


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 805
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7659399&amp;loc=d3e1392-128463
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 141R
 -Paragraph 68
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.















    
  
      

          












          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

















 Risk Management Activities
 and Fair Values (Tables)


030700 - Disclosure - Financial Instruments
 Risk Management Activities
 and Fair Values (Tables)

FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
 RISK MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES
 AND FAIR VALUES [Abstract]
Tabular disclosure of available-for-sale securities which includes
 but is not limited to
 changes in the cost basis and fair value
 fair value and gross unrealized gain (loss)
 fair values by type of security
 contractual maturity and classification
 amortized cost basis
 contracts to acquire securities to be accounted for as available-for-sale
 debt maturities
 transfers to trading
 change in net unrealized holding gain (loss) net of tax
 continuous unrealized loss position fair value
 aggregate losses qualitative disclosures
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number 03-1
 -Paragraph 21
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 320
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 7
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6872113&amp;loc=d3e27337-111563
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 320
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6872113&amp;loc=d3e27198-111563
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 320
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6957658&amp;loc=d3e62557-112803
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 320
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6957658&amp;loc=d3e62586-112803
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 320
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6872113&amp;loc=d3e27161-111563
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 320
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 9
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6872113&amp;loc=d3e27357-111563
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 320
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6872113&amp;loc=d3e27290-111563
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 115
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 21
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP)
 -Number FAS115-1/124-1
 -Paragraph 17
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 198px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:198px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3  style=width: 108px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:108px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Available for Sale&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 34px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 198px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:198px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;In Millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 41px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:41px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Cost&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 53px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:53px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Market
Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 198px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:198px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Under 1 year (current)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 41px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:41px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 130.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 53px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:53px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 130.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 198px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:198px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;From 1 to 3 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 41px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:41px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 53px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:53px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 198px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:198px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;From 4 to 7 years&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 41px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:41px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 53px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:53px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 198px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:198px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Equity securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 41px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:41px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 53px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:53px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 6.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 198px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:198px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Total&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 41px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:41px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 135.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 53px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:53px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 140.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 366px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:366px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=7  style=width: 196px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:196px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 366px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:366px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;In Millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 50px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:50px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 7px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:7px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 50px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:50px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 50px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:50px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 366px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:366px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Net gain (loss) on mark-to-market valuation of commodity positions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 50px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:50px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; (7.6)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 7px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:7px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 50px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:50px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; (122.5)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 50px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:50px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 160.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 34px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 366px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:366px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Net loss (gain) on commodity positions reclassified from

 recognized in unallocated corporate items&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 50px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:50px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 4.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 7px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:7px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 50px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:50px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; (104.2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 50px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:50px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 95.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;
&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 34px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 212px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:212px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;In Millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 16px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:16px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26

Tabular disclosure of interest rate derivatives
 including
 but not limited to
 the fair value of the derivatives
 statement of financial position location
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4C
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5624171-113959

Tabular disclosure of pertinent information about a derivative or group of derivatives on a disaggregated basis
 such as for individual instruments
 or small groups of similar instruments. May include a combination of the type of instrument
 risks being hedged
 notional amount
 hedge designation
 related hedged item
 inception date
 maturity date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(n)(2))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=d3e41678-113959
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=d3e41620-113959
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1B
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5580258-113959
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1A
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5579245-113959
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5579240-113959
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 5
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=d3e41641-113959
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4C
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5624171-113959
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=d3e41638-113959
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4B
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5624163-113959
Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 25
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6886632&amp;loc=d3e76258-113986

&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 210px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:210px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8  style=width: 217px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:217px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;May 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 4px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:4px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8  style=width: 220px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:220px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;May 26




 liabilities
 and derivative


 other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; or other liabilities
 as appropriate

 as appropriate

 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 4px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:4px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8  style=width: 220px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:220px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;May 27




 liabilities
 and derivative



 as appropriate

 as appropriate
The entire disclosure of the fair value measurement of assets and liabilities
 which includes financial instruments measured at fair value that are classified in shareholders' equity
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 157
 -Paragraph 33
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 157
 -Paragraph 32
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 107
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 820
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7578670&amp;loc=d3e19279-110258
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 820
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7578670&amp;loc=d3e19190-110258
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 820
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7578670&amp;loc=d3e19207-110258
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 157
 -Paragraph 6
 -Footnote 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Fair Value
 Measurement Inputs
 Disclosure [Table Text Block]
&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 28px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 226px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:226px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3  style=width: 96px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:96px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 8pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Interest Rate Contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3  style=width: 96px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:96px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 8pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Foreign Exchange Contracts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3  style=width: 79px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:79px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 8pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Equity

 Relationships:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 36px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:36px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 35px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:35px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 35px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 226px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:226px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 8pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;  Amount of gain (loss) recognized in other



 Relationships:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 36px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:36px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 35px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:35px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 30px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 226px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:226px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 8pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;  Amount of net gain (loss) recognized







Tabular disclosure of the location and amount of gains and losses reported in the statement of financial performance
 or when applicable
 the statement of financial position. For example
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 133
 -Paragraph 205G
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 133
 -Paragraph 44C
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4C
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5624171-113959
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4A
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5618551-113959
Financial Instruments
 Risk Management Activities
 and Fair Values (Tables)













&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;margin-left:0px;&gt;NOTE 17&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;. SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;The components of certain Consolidated Balance Sheet accounts are as follows: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 34px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 272px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:272px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;In Millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 56px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:56px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26
2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27





2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 59px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:59px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27

228.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 59px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:59px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;1



 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 2012


2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27


2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27
2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 315px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:315px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Land
 buildings

168.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

731.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 5

 buildings
 and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 60px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:60px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 8
932.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 8

054.8)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; (4



2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27

2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27




2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27

 including
      obligations for underfunded other postretirement








The entire disclosures of supplemental information
 including descriptions and amounts
 related to the balance sheet
 income statement
 and/or cash flow statement.












    
  
      

Restructuring
 Impairment
 and Other Exit Costs (Schedule of restructuring and other exit cost reserves) (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Restructuring charges
 including foreign currency translation
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Restructuring charges
 including foreign currency translation
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Restructuring charges
 including foreign currency translation
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Restructuring charges
 including foreign currency translation
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding asset retirement obligations.
              
 -Subsection 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subsection 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 previously accrued type of restructuring cost.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subsection 3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 due to factors other than changes in the composition of the plan population by age and dependency status.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Millions
 unless otherwise specified


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 60
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6414203&amp;loc=d3e39716-114964
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Medicare Subsidy Receipts
 Next Twelve Months
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 60
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6414203&amp;loc=d3e39716-114964
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Medicare Subsidy Receipts
 Year Two
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 60
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6414203&amp;loc=d3e39716-114964
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Medicare Subsidy Receipts
 Year Three
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 60
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6414203&amp;loc=d3e39716-114964
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Medicare Subsidy Receipts
 Year Four
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 60
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6414203&amp;loc=d3e39716-114964
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Medicare Subsidy Receipts
 Year Five
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 60
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6414203&amp;loc=d3e39716-114964
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Medicare Subsidy Receipts
 Five Fiscal Years Thereafter



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Next Twelve Months
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Two
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Three
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Four
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Five
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Five Fiscal Years Thereafter



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Next Twelve Months
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Two
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Three
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Four
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Five
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Five Fiscal Years Thereafter



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Next Twelve Months
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Two
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Three
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Four
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Five
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Five Fiscal Years Thereafter





























Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 129
 -Paragraph 2
 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 22
 -Article 5



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 22
 -Article 5


The stated principal amount of the debt instrument at time of issuance
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 835
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6451184&amp;loc=d3e28551-108399
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 835
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6584090&amp;loc=d3e28878-108400
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 21
 -Paragraph 16
 20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682

The reference rate for the variable rate of the debt instrument
 such as LIBOR or the US Treasury rate and the maturity of the reference rate used
Debt Instrument
 Description of Variable Rate Basis
Debt Instrument
 Basis Spread on Variable Rate
Amount of unrealized gain (loss) related to the increase or decrease in fair value of interest rate derivatives designated as cash flow hedging instruments
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4C
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5624171-113959
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 133
 -Paragraph 46
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Interest Rate Cash Flow Hedges
 Pretax
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7668309&amp;loc=d3e80748-113994
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 133
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph b(2)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Amount of long-term debt
 sinking fund requirements
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 470
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6802200&amp;loc=d3e1835-112601
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 47
 -Paragraph 10
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Amount of long-term debt
 sinking fund requirements
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 470
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6802200&amp;loc=d3e1835-112601
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 47
 -Paragraph 10
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Amount of long-term debt
 sinking fund requirements
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 470
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6802200&amp;loc=d3e1835-112601
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 47
 -Paragraph 10
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Amount of long-term debt
 sinking fund requirements
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 470
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6802200&amp;loc=d3e1835-112601
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 47
 -Paragraph 10
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Amount of long-term debt
 sinking fund requirements
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 470
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6802200&amp;loc=d3e1835-112601
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 47
 -Paragraph 10
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.













    
  
      

Financial Instruments
 Risk Management Activities
 and Fair Values (Narrative) (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      










 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2013

          



 2007

          



 2013



          



 2010

          



 2011



          



 2011

          



 2011



          



 2013



          



 2011

          



 2011



          



 2011



          



 2013



          



 2013



          



 2012



          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013



          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Interest Rate Cash Flow Hedges
 Pretax
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

000.0
        
        
        
        
        
        

000.0
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Marketable Securities
 Realized Gain (Loss)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Long-term debt
 fair value

027.3
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Long-term debt
 carrying value

369.4

903.1
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 when the entities to the transaction are consolidated
 combined
 or accounted for by the equity method in the reporting enterprise's financial statements. Includes the gain or loss on a derivative instrument or nonderivative financial instrument that may give rise to a foreign currency transaction gain or loss under FAS 52 and that have been designated and have qualified as hedging instruments for hedges of the foreign currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including capital lease obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including: (1) mortgages
 mortgage-backed and asset backed securities; (2) US government and agency obligations; (3) state and municipal government obligations; (4) other sovereign government debt; (5) corporate obligations; (6) corporate equities; (7) principal investments; (8) derivative contracts; and (9) physical commodities
 in addition to the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalent items which are restricted as to withdrawal or usage. Restrictions may include legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against borrowing arrangements
 contracts entered into with others
 or entity statements of intention with regard to particular deposits; however
 time deposits and short-term certificates of deposit are not generally included in legally restricted deposits. Excludes compensating balance arrangements that are not agreements which legally restrict the use of cash amounts shown on the balance sheet. This element is for unclassified presentations; for classified presentations there is a separate and distinct element.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which relates to equity price movements in employee deferred compensation plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after tax
 related to the change in fair value of foreign currency exchange rate derivatives designated as cash flow hedging instruments. Recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income to the extent that the cash flow hedge is determined to be effective.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after tax
 related to the increase (decrease) in fair value of interest rate derivatives designated as cash flow hedging instruments
 which was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income to the extent that the cash flow hedge was determined to be effective.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 at the end of the reporting period
 as collateral for derivative instruments with credit-risk-related contingent features.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 based on the gross fair value of the financial instrument
 the entity would incur if parties to the financial instruments that make up the concentration failed completely to perform according to the terms of the contracts and the collateral or other security
 if any
 for the amount due proved to be of no value to the entity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may vary from the carrying amount because of unamortized premium or discount.
              
 -Paragraph 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the fair value amounts are the carrying value of the nonderivative hedging instrument
 including the adjustment for the foreign currency transaction gain (loss) on that instrument.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission. Fair value of Loans Payable at the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 available-for-sale
 or held-to-maturity. Additionally
 this item would include any losses recognized for other than temporary impairments (OTTI) of the subject investments in debt and equity securities.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding those forecasted transactions related to the payment of variable interest on existing financial instruments.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which relates to the currency amount specified in the interest rate derivative instruments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 fair value hedge or hedge of net investment in foreign operations.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income to the extent that the cash flow hedge was determined to be effective.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Earnings before income taxes and
 2
 1
 2
Total earnings before income taxes and
 2
 2
 2
428.2


        
State and local income taxes
Other
 net


        
May 26
May 27
Stock
 partnership
 1
 1
 1
 1
 1
 1
Stock
 partnership
 2
 2
 1
 1
111.7


        
Balance
Balance
 end of year




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 uncertain tax positions) and other types of income tax contingencies
 including: (1) the policy on classification of interest and penalties; (2) a tabular reconciliation of the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits at the beginning and end of the period; the total amount(s) of: (3) unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate
 and (4) interest and penalties recognized in each of the income statement and balance sheet; (5) for positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts unrecognized will significantly change within 12 months of the reporting date the: (i) nature of the uncertainty
 (ii) nature of the event that could occur that would cause the change
 and (iii) an estimate of the range of the reasonably possible change or a statement that an estimate of the range cannot be made; and (6) a description of tax years that remain subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
General Mills
Adjustments due to acquisition
 translation of amounts
Additions charged to expense
 including translation amounts




        
          

        
          
            

 as well as a reconciliation by type of activity during the period). Alternatively
 disclosure of the required information may be within the footnotes to the financial statements or a supplemental schedule to the financial statements.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
In Millions
 Except Per
 4
 3
 4
 4
 4
 4
 4
 4
 1
 1
 1
 1
 1
 1
 1
 1
Net earnings attributable
 quarter of fiscal 2013
During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012
 we finalized the purchase accounting for certain assets and liabilities related to the acquisitions of Yoplait S.A.S. and Yoplait Marques S.A.S. We recorded final adjustments that resulted in a 




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including revenues
 gross profit
 income or loss before extraordinary items and earnings per share data. It also includes an indication if the information in the note is unaudited
 comments on the aggregate effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability or are pertinent to an understanding of the information furnished.
              
 -Paragraph 23
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Millions
 unless otherwise specified


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (m)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph m
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (m)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph m
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (m)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (m)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920









 Other Commitments
 and Contingencies (Schedule of noncancelable future lease commitments) (Details)


041502 - Disclosure - Leases
 Other Commitments
In Millions
 unless otherwise specified


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 122
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 40
 -Subparagraph (Note 3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6584154&amp;loc=d3e38371-112697
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6453985&amp;loc=d3e41502-112717
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 16
 -Subparagraph b(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 122
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 40
 -Subparagraph (Note 3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6584154&amp;loc=d3e38371-112697
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6453985&amp;loc=d3e41502-112717
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 16
 -Subparagraph b(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 122
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 40
 -Subparagraph (Note 3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6584154&amp;loc=d3e38371-112697
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6453985&amp;loc=d3e41502-112717
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 16
 -Subparagraph b(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 122
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 40
 -Subparagraph (Note 3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6584154&amp;loc=d3e38371-112697
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6453985&amp;loc=d3e41502-112717
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 16
 -Subparagraph b(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 122
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 40
 -Subparagraph (Note 3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6584154&amp;loc=d3e38371-112697
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6453985&amp;loc=d3e41502-112717
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 16
 -Subparagraph b(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 122
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 40
 -Subparagraph (Note 3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6584154&amp;loc=d3e38371-112697
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6453985&amp;loc=d3e41502-112717
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 16
 -Subparagraph b(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 122
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 40
 -Subparagraph (Note 3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6584154&amp;loc=d3e38371-112697
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6453985&amp;loc=d3e41502-112717
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 16
 -Subparagraph b(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6455398&amp;loc=d3e45280-112737
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 16
 -Subparagraph a(ii)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6455398&amp;loc=d3e45280-112737
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 16
 -Subparagraph a(ii)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6455398&amp;loc=d3e45280-112737
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 16
 -Subparagraph a(ii)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6455398&amp;loc=d3e45280-112737
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 16
 -Subparagraph a(ii)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6455398&amp;loc=d3e45280-112737
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 16
 -Subparagraph a(ii)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6455398&amp;loc=d3e45280-112737
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 16
 -Subparagraph a(ii)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6455398&amp;loc=d3e45280-112737
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 16
 -Subparagraph a(ii)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6455398&amp;loc=d3e45280-112737
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 16
 -Subparagraph a(ii)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 7
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Present value of minimum lease payments for capital leases net of executory costs
 including amounts paid by the lessee to the lessor for insurance
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6455398&amp;loc=d3e45280-112737
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 16
 -Subparagraph a(ii)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Leases
 Other Commitments
 and Contingencies (Schedule of noncancelable future lease commitments) (Details) (USD $)










In Millions
 unless otherwise specified




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)(1)(i))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph h
 -Subparagraph 1(i)
 -Article 4

The portion of earnings or loss from continuing operations before income taxes that is attributable to foreign operations
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)(1)(i))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph h
 -Subparagraph 1(i)
 -Article 4

Sum of operating profit and nonoperating income or expense before Income or Loss from equity method investments
 income taxes
 extraordinary items
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)(1)(i))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph h
 -Subparagraph 1(i)
 -Article 4


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6889476&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Current Tax Expense (or Benefit)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6509736
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 9
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 45
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph h
 -Article 4
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 289
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 6
 -Section I
 -Paragraph Question 1-7

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6889476&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Current Tax Expense (or Benefit)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6509736
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 9
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 45
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph h
 -Article 4
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 6
 -Section I
 -Subsection 7
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 289
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 45
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph h
 -Article 4
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 9
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6889476&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Current Tax Expense (or Benefit)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6509736
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 9
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph h
 -Article 4
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 6
 -Section I
 -Subsection 7
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 289
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6889476&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph h
 -Article 4
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 6
 -Section I
 -Subsection 7
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Deferred Tax Expense (or Benefit)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6510177
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 9
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 8
 16
 17
 289
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6889476&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph h
 -Article 4
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 6
 -Section I
 -Subsection 7
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Deferred Tax Expense (or Benefit)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6510177
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 9
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 8
 16
 17
 289
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6889476&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph h
 -Article 4
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 6
 -Section I
 -Subsection 7
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 289
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Deferred Tax Expense (or Benefit)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6510177
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 9
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6889476&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph h
 -Article 4
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 6
 -Section I
 -Subsection 7
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 289
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Deferred Tax Expense (or Benefit)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6510177
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 9
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph h
 -Article 4
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 10
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32672-109319
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 9
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 25
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21917399&amp;loc=d3e32247-109318
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 45
 46
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN)
 -Number 48
 -Paragraph 15
 16
 19
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.











In Millions
 unless otherwise specified



Intangible Assets
 Net [Line Items]
Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6388964&amp;loc=d3e16212-109274
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 42
 45
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.


Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation
Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6388964&amp;loc=d3e16212-109274
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 42
 45
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.



Intangible Assets
 Net [Line Items]
Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6388964&amp;loc=d3e16212-109274
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 42
 45
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.


Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation
Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6388964&amp;loc=d3e16212-109274
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 42
 45
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.



Intangible Assets
 Net [Line Items]
Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6388964&amp;loc=d3e16212-109274
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 42
 45
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.


Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation
Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6388964&amp;loc=d3e16212-109274
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 42
 45
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.



Intangible Assets
 Net [Line Items]
Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6388964&amp;loc=d3e16212-109274
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 42
 45
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.


Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation
Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6388964&amp;loc=d3e16212-109274
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 42
 45
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.











In Millions
 unless otherwise specified












Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 41
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e9038-108599
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 131
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph a(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 41
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e9038-108599
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 131
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph a(2)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5



Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Cash
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6506951
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Cash Equivalents
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6507016
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 8
 9
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 7
 -Footnote 1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6361293&amp;loc=d3e6676-107765
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3044-108585
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 7
 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Amount of long-lived assets other than financial instruments
 long-term customer relationships of a financial institution
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred tax assets
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 41
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e9038-108599
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 131
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph b(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Land
 buildings
 and equipment - United States
Amount of long-lived assets other than financial instruments
 long-term customer relationships of a financial institution
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred tax assets
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 41
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e9038-108599
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 131
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph b(2)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Land
 buildings
 and equipment - non-United States
Amount
 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-110229
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 13
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 8
 -Article 7
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Total land
 buildings
 and equipment












    
  
      

Leases
 Other Commitments
 and Contingencies (Narrative) (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified







LEASES
 OTHER COMMITMENTS
 AND CONTINGENCIES [Abstract]
        


        
        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Restructuring
 Impairment
 and Other Exit Costs (Narrative) (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs
        
        
        


Restructuring and Related Cost
 Approximate Number of Positions Eliminated
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 45
 46
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 disposition or abandonment of operations or productive assets (that is
 for reorganizing and restructuring charges and other related expenses). These charges may be incurred in connection with a business combination
 change in strategic plan
 a managerial response to declines in demand
 increasing costs or other environmental factors.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 remediation costs
 and asset impairment loss during an accounting period. Generally
 these items are either unusual or infrequent
 but not both (in which case they would be extraordinary items).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding costs or losses pertaining to an entity newly acquired in a business combination or a discontinued operation as defined by generally accepted accounting principles and costs associated with one-time termination benefits.
              
 -Paragraph 8-13
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subsection 3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Net earnings
 including earnings
  attributable to redeemable and
 1
      Amortization of losses and
 2
nterest
Net earnings
 including earnings
  attributable to redeemable and
 1
     Amortization of losses and
 (1
nterest
Net earnings
 including earnings
  attributable to redeemable and
 1
     Amortization of losses and
 2
nterest
 net for interest rate swaps


        
May 26
May 27
Pension
 other postretirement
 (1
 (1
 (1
 (1
743.7)




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: (a) foreign currency translation adjustments; (b) gains (losses) on foreign currency transactions that are designated as
 and are effective as
 economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity; (c) gains (losses) on intercompany foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature
 when the entities to the transaction are consolidated
 combined
 or accounted for by the equity method in the reporting enterprise's financial statements; (d) change in the market value of a futures contract that qualifies as a hedge of an asset reported at fair value; (e) unrealized holding gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities and that resulting from transfers of debt securities from the held-to-maturity category to the available-for-sale category; (f) a net loss recognized as an additional pension liability not yet recognized as net periodic pension cost; and (g) the net gain (loss) and net prior service cost or credit for pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

















 Risk Management Activities
 and Fair Values (Narrative) (Details)


040700 - Disclosure - Financial Instruments
 Risk Management Activities
In Millions
 unless otherwise specified






































Aggregate notional amount of interest rate derivatives
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1A
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5579245-113959
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Notional Amount
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6519104
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1B
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5580258-113959

Aggregate notional amount of equity swaps
 which relates to equity price movements in employee deferred compensation plan.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682

The net cash outflow or inflow for a financial contract that meets the hedge criteria as either cash flow hedge
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3095-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 9
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3098-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 14
 -Footnote 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 27
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3581-108585

Amount of unrealized gain (loss) related to the increase or decrease in fair value of interest rate derivatives designated as cash flow hedging instruments
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4C
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5624171-113959
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 133
 -Paragraph 46
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Unrealized Gain (Loss) on Interest Rate Cash Flow Hedges
 Pretax
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
The stated principal amount of the debt instrument at time of issuance
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 835
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6451184&amp;loc=d3e28551-108399
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 835
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6584090&amp;loc=d3e28878-108400
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 21
 -Paragraph 16
 20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4C
 -Subparagraph (d)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5624171-113959
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 133
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph b(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 133
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph a(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 25
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6886632&amp;loc=d3e76258-113986

This item represents the total realized gain (loss) included in earnings for the period as a result of selling marketable securities categorized as trading
 available-for-sale
 or held-to-maturity. Additionally
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 115
 -Paragraph 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 320
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 9
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6872113&amp;loc=d3e27357-111563
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.7(c))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 320
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 10
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6872113&amp;loc=d3e27405-111563
Marketable Securities
 Realized Gain (Loss)

Maximum length of time over which the entity is hedging its exposure to the variability in future cash flows for forecasted transactions
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7668309&amp;loc=d3e80748-113994
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 133
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph b(3)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Notional Amount
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6519104

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4C
 -Subparagraph (d)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5624171-113959
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 133
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph b(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Accumulated gain (loss) on foreign currency forward exchange contracts. Includes foreign currency transactions designated as hedges of net investment in a foreign entity and intercompany foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term nature
 when the entities to the transaction are consolidated
 combined
 or accounted for by the equity method in the reporting enterprise's financial statements. Includes the gain or loss on a derivative instrument or nonderivative financial instrument that may give rise to a foreign currency transaction gain or loss under FAS 52 and that have been designated and have qualified as hedging instruments for hedges of the foreign currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation.


For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 825
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 21
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7491637&amp;loc=d3e13537-108611
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 275
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6927468&amp;loc=d3e6404-108592
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 825
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 20
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7491637&amp;loc=d3e13531-108611
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 275
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 18
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6927468&amp;loc=d3e6351-108592

Maximum amount of loss due to credit risk that
 based on the gross fair value of the financial instrument
 the entity would incur if parties to the financial instruments that make up the concentration failed completely to perform according to the terms of the contracts and the collateral or other security
 if any
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 825
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 21
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7491637&amp;loc=d3e13537-108611
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 107
 -Paragraph 15A
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.


The aggregate fair value of assets that are already posted
 at the end of the reporting period
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 133
 -Paragraph 44D
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4H
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5624258-113959

The fair value as of the balance sheet date of financial instruments and other positions owned by the entity and pledged to counterparties as collateral
 including: (1) mortgages
 mortgage-backed and asset backed securities; (2) US government and agency obligations; (3) state and municipal government obligations; (4) other sovereign government debt; (5) corporate obligations; (6) corporate equities; (7) principal investments; (8) derivative contracts; and (9) physical commodities
 in addition to the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalent items which are restricted as to withdrawal or usage. Restrictions may include legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against borrowing arrangements
 contracts entered into with others
 or entity statements of intention with regard to particular deposits; however
 time deposits and short-term certificates of deposit are not generally included in legally restricted deposits. Excludes compensating balance arrangements that are not agreements which legally restrict the use of cash amounts shown on the balance sheet. This element is for unclassified presentations; for classified presentations there is a separate and distinct element.
This element represents the portion of the balance sheet assertion valued at fair value by the entity whether such amount is presented as a separate caption or as a parenthetical disclosure. Additionally
Long-term debt
 fair value
Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of all long-term debt both current and noncurrent
Long-term debt
 carrying value

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1A
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5579245-113959
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Notional Amount
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6519104
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1B
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5580258-113959




The aggregate fair value amounts of derivative instruments that contain credit-risk-related contingent features that are in a net liability position at the end of the reporting period. For nonderivative instruments that are designated and qualify as hedging instruments
 the fair value amounts are the carrying value of the nonderivative hedging instrument
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4H
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5624258-113959
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 133
 -Paragraph 44D
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Amount of unrealized gain (loss)
 after tax
 related to the increase (decrease) in fair value of interest rate derivatives designated as cash flow hedging instruments
 which was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income to the extent that the cash flow hedge was determined to be effective.
Amount of net unrealized gain or loss
 after tax
 related to the change in fair value of foreign currency exchange rate derivatives designated as cash flow hedging instruments. Recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income to the extent that the cash flow hedge is determined to be effective.
Financial Instruments
 Risk Management Activities
 and Fair Values (Narrative) (Details) (USD $)













&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;margin-left:0px;&gt;NOTE 11&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt; STOCK PLANS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;We use broad-based &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;stock plans to help ensure that management's interests are aligned with those of our stockholders. As of May 26
 2013
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;a total of 35
492
790&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; shares were available for grant in the form of stock options

 restricted stock units

 stock appreciation rights

 2001
 2003
 2005
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;2006
 2007
 and 2009&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; stock plans and the Executive Incentive Plan (EIP)

 termination

 we make predictive assumptions regarding future stock price volatility
 employee exercise behavior
 dividend yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 which requires us to make predictive assumptions regarding future stock price volatility
 employee exercise behavior
 and dividend yield. We estimate our future stock price volatility using the historical volatility over the expected term of the option
 excluding time periods of volatility we believe a marketplace participant would exclude in estimating our stock price volatility. We also have considered
 but did not use
 implied volatility in our estimate
 because trading activity in options on our stock
 especially those with tenors of greater than 6 months

 if any
 and then charged directly to income tax expense



Price Per Share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 169px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:169px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Balance as of May 30
 2010&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 78px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:78px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt; 47




 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 78px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:78px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt; 39




 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 78px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:78px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt; 39




 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 78px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:78px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt; 29




 Restricted Stock Units
 and Cash-Settled Share-Based Units&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;Stock and units settled in stock subject to a restricted period and a purchase price
 if any (as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors)


 but not restricted stock units

Grant-Date

Grant-Date

Grant-Date
Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 166px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:166px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Non-vested as of May 27
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 11px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:11px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 72px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:72px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 8





 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 11px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:11px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 72px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:72px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 8


404.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2
785.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 3

 and $106.0 million vested during fiscal 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;As of May 26
 2013


 $124.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; million for fiscal 2012
The entire disclosure for compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation
 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5047-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 50
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6406099&amp;loc=d3e25284-112666
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph 64
 65
 A240
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 40
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6418621&amp;loc=d3e17540-113929
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5444-113901
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 14
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Statement of Position (SOP)
 -Number 93-6
 -Paragraph 53
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.













    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
 10
 10
 10
 5
 4
 2
 1
 1
 1
 17
 16
 14
 2
 2
 2
 3
 3
 2
Restructuring
 impairment
 2
 2
 2
774.5


        
3
2
 2
2
2
 1
2
2
 2
2
2
 2
1
1
 1
1
1
 1
1
1
 1
17
16
 14
880.2


        
 12
 12
 11
 5
 4
 2
 17
 16
 14
May 26
May 27
May 26
May 27
Land
 buildings
 2
 2
 1
 3
 3
652.7




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 customer relationships with financial institutions
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred taxes assets) located in identified geographic areas and/or the amount of revenue from external customers attributed to that country from which revenue is material.  An entity may also provide subtotals of geographic information about groups of countries.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.
              
 -Paragraph 27
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      







          

        


        
        


        
        


        

 which manufactures and markets ready-to-eat cereal products in more than 130 countries and republics outside the United States and Canada. CPW also markets cereal bars in several European countries and manufactures private label cereals for customers in the United Kingdom. We have guaranteed a portion of CPW&#8217;s debt and its pension obligation in the United Kingdom.



          

        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
May 26
May 27
 8
 8
 4
 4
     Franchise agreements
 customer relationships
 5
 4
 13
 12
887.4


        
Balance as of May 30
 5
 6
Other activity
Balance as of May 29
 5
 6
 1
Other activity
Balance as of May 27
 5
 8
Other activity
Balance as of May 26
 5
 1
 8
622.2


        
Joint
Balance as of May 30
 3
 3
Other activity
Balance as of May 29
 3
 3
 1
 1
Other activity
Balance as of May 27
 3
 1
 4
Other activity
Balance as of May 26
 3
 1
 5
015.1




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and exist in perpetuity
 by either major class or business segment.
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
(d)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may be broken down by segment or major class.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    
























Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 159
 -Paragraph 18
 -Subparagraph f
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 323
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6382943&amp;loc=d3e33918-111571
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 18
 -Paragraph 20
 -Subparagraph a (1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

We have a 50 percent equity interest in Cereal Partners Worldwide (CPW)
 which manufactures and markets ready-to-eat cereal products in more than 130 countries and republics outside the United States and Canada. CPW also markets cereal bars in several European countries and manufactures private label cereals for customers in the United Kingdom. We have guaranteed a portion of CPW&amp;#8217;s debt and its pension obligation in the United Kingdom.



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 159
 -Paragraph 18
 -Subparagraph f
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 323
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph (a)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6382943&amp;loc=d3e33918-111571
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 18
 -Paragraph 20
 -Subparagraph a (1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
















The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.


The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph c(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(d)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(e)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.


The weighted average fair value of nonvested awards on equity-based plans excluding option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph c(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(d)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901

The weighted average fair value of nonvested awards on equity-based plans excluding option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(d)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(e)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.


The weighted average fair value of nonvested awards on equity-based plans excluding option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph c(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(d)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901

The weighted average fair value of nonvested awards on equity-based plans excluding option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(d)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(1)(iv)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(e)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.


The weighted average fair value of nonvested awards on equity-based plans excluding option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph c(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(c)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(d)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(iii)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901

The weighted average fair value of nonvested awards on equity-based plans excluding option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (c)(2)(i)-(ii)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6415400&amp;loc=d3e5070-113901
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 123R
 -Paragraph A240
 -Subparagraph b(2)(a)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.













    
  
      

In Millions
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

410.7

430.6

881.8

051.0

066.4

120.1

623.8

847.6

774.1

657.9

880.2


        

530.6

522.7

742.3

628.3

496.1

507.4

594.7

446.5
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

855.2

567.3

798.3


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 36
 37
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 11
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Financial Instruments
 Risk Management Activities
 and Fair Values (Schedule of gains and losses on hedges) (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      











          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 on derivative instruments designated and qualifying as hedging instruments in cash flow hedges
 and on derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
(d)
(e)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Millions
 unless otherwise specified




Amount of revenue
 fees and commissions earned from transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiaries; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) an entity and trusts for the benefit of employees
 for example
 but not limited to
 pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; (d) an entity and its principal
 owners
 management
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 57
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(e))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Related Parties
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=16382449
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 946
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.1(c))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6488393&amp;loc=d3e606610-122999
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 07
 -Paragraph b
 -Subparagraph 1
 -Article 6


This item represents disclosure of the amount of dividends or other distributions received from unconsolidated subsidiaries
 certain corporate joint ventures
 and certain noncontrolled corporation; these investments are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. This element excludes distributions that constitute a return of investment
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 18
 -Paragraph 19
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 13
 -Article 5











In Millions
 unless otherwise specified



Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.13)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6876686&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
16(a)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879938&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 16
 -Subparagraph a(1)
 -Article 7
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 13
 -Subparagraph 2
 3
 -Article 9

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 -Subparagraph b
 -Article 5




Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.13)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6876686&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
16(a)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879938&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 16
 -Subparagraph a(1)
 -Article 7
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 13
 -Subparagraph 2
 3
 -Article 9

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 -Subparagraph b
 -Article 5




Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-03.13)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6876686&amp;loc=d3e534808-122878
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 210
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
16(a)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879938&amp;loc=d3e572229-122910
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 16
 -Subparagraph a(1)
 -Article 7
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 13
 -Subparagraph 2
 3
 -Article 9

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 -Subparagraph b
 -Article 5













    
  
      

In Millions
 except Share data
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

492
790
        
        


Share Based Compensation Arrangement by Share Based Payment Award
 Award Vesting Period
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Expiration Dating
        
        
        


        

 if any (as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors)
 may be granted to key employees under the 2011 Plan. Certain restricted stock and restricted stock unit awards require the employee to deposit personally owned shares (on a one-for-one basis) during the restricted period. Restricted stock and restricted stock units generally vest and become unrestricted four years after the date of grant. Participants are entitled to dividends on such awarded shares and units
 but only receive those amounts if the shares or units vest. The sale or transfer of these shares and units is restricted during the vesting period. Participants holding restricted stock
 but not restricted stock units
 are entitled to vote on matters submitted to holders of common stock for a vote.
        
        


        

 which requires us to make predictive assumptions regarding future stock price volatility
 employee exercise behavior
 and dividend yield. We estimate our future stock price volatility using the historical volatility over the expected term of the option
 excluding time periods of volatility we believe a marketplace participant would exclude in estimating our stock price volatility. We also have considered
 but did not use
 implied volatility in our estimate
 because trading activity in options on our stock
 especially those with tenors of greater than 6 months
 is insufficient to provide a reliable measure of expected volatility.
Our expected term represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding based on historical data to estimate option exercises and employee terminations within the valuation model. Separate groups of employees have similar historical exercise behavior and therefore were aggregated into a single pool for valuation purposes. The weighted-average expected term for all employee groups is presented in the table above. The risk-free interest rate for periods during the expected term of the options is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve in effect at the time of grant.
        
        


        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation
 Allocation and Classification in Financial Statements [Abstract]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 which may be presented in a variety of ways (for example
 year
 month and year
 day
 month and year
 quarter of a year).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the aggregate unrecognized cost of equity-based awards made to employees under equity-based compensation awards that have yet to vest.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 identification of the award pricing model or other valuation method used in calculating the weighted average fair values disclosed. The model is also used to calculate the compensation expense that is shown within the balance sheet
 income statement
 and cash flow. Examples of valuation techniques are lattice models (binomial model)
 closed-form models (Black-Scholes-Merton formula)
 and a Monte Carlo simulation technique. Fair value is the amount at which an asset or liability could be bought or incurred or sold or settled in a current transaction between willing parties
 that is
 other than in a forced or liquidation sale. May include disclosures about the assumptions underlying application of the method selected.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Millions
 unless otherwise specified



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph e
 -Clause 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Goodwill
 Purchase Accounting Adjustments













&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;margin-left:0px;&gt;NOTE&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND RECLASSIFICATIONS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;margin-left:0px;&gt;Basis of Presentation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;Our Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of General Mills




 we have changed the reporting period of certain countries within our International segment from an April fiscal year end to a May fiscal year end to match our fiscal calendar. Accordingly
 in the year of change


 therefore



The entire disclosure for the basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).












    
  
      

Financial Instruments
 Risk Management Activities
 and Fair Values (Schedule of fair value measurement inputs) (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission. This item represents Available-for-sale Securities which consist of all investments in certain debt and equity securities neither classified as trading or held-to-maturity securities. A debt security represents a creditor relationship with an enterprise. Debt securities include
 among other items
 US Treasury securities
 US government securities
 municipal securities
 corporate bonds
 convertible debt
 commercial paper
 and all securitized debt instruments. An equity security represents an ownership interest in an enterprise or the right to acquire or dispose of an ownership interest in an enterprise at fixed or determinable prices. Equity securities include
 among other things
 common stock
 certain preferred stock
 warrant rights
 call options
 and put options
 but do not include convertible debt. An entity may opt to provide the reader with additional narrative text to better understand the nature of investments in debt and equity securities which are categorized as Available-for-sale.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 presented on a gross basis even when the derivative instrument is subject to master netting arrangements and qualifies for net presentation in the statement of financial position.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 presented on a gross basis even when the derivative instrument is subject to master netting arrangements and qualifies for net presentation in the statement of financial position.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 this element may be used in connection with the fair value disclosures required in the footnote disclosures to the financial statements. The element may be used in both the balance sheet and disclosure in the same submission. This element represents the fair value of liabilities categorized as other which are not in and of themselves material enough to require separate disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


Annual Reporting Period
 Weeks
        


Annual Reporting Period
 Months
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 weeks
 or days
 in the presented reporting period(s) which differes from the historically comparable periods.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        

      














 2013

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

044.9
        

163.5
        

014.9
        

163.5


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 whether in cash or other consideration
 to acquire all of the shares purchased under an Accelerated Share Repurchase arrangement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      


















        
        
        
        
        


        

800
000

400
000
        
        


        

800
000
        
        
        


        

100
000
        
        
        


        

600
000
        
        
        


        

400
000
        
        
        


        

600
000
        
        
        


        

600
000
        
        
        


        

700
000
000
        
        
        


        

700
000
        
        

000
000)


        

300
000
        
        
        


        

000
000
        
        
        


        
        
        

500
000
        


        
        
        

100
000
        


        
        
        

300
000
        


        

000
000
        
        
        


        

000
000

000)
        
        


        

100
000

300
000
        
        


        

000
000
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

000
000
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in its tax return
 that does not meet the minimum statutory threshold to avoid payment of penalties.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in its tax return
 that does not meet the minimum statutory threshold to avoid payment of penalties.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Millions
 unless otherwise specified







Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 129
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Article 5

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6928386&amp;loc=d3e21463-112644
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6405813&amp;loc=d3e23239-112655
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 43
 -Section B
 -Paragraph 7
 -Subparagraph b
 -Chapter 1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number 99-7
 -Paragraph 1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.


The amount needed to adjust previously recorded stockholders' equity balances to the actual aggregate amounts paid
 whether in cash or other consideration
 to acquire all of the shares purchased under an Accelerated Share Repurchase arrangement.












    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

051.2

816.5

144.8


        
        
        
        


        

534.9

210.5

428.2


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 16
 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 16
 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -Paragraph 45
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 15
 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

















 IMPAIRMENT
 AND OTHER EXIT COSTS


010400 - Disclosure - RESTRUCTURING
 IMPAIRMENT
 AND OTHER EXIT COSTS

RESTRUCTURING
 IMPAIRMENT
 AND OTHER EXIT COSTS [Abstract]
&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;margin-left:0px;&gt;NOTE &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;RESTRUCTURING
 IMPAIRMENT

 the project begins to deliver cash savings and/or reduced depreciation. These activities result in various restructuring costs

 exit charges including severance
 contract termination fees
 and decommissioning and other costs. Depreciation associated with restructured assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 we r&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;ecorded restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs pursuant to approved plans as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 388px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:388px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Expense







 we recorded restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs pursuant to approved plans as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 391px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:391px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Expense

 we recorded a $100.6 million restructuring charge related to a productivity and cost savings plan approved in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; The plan was designed to improve organizational effectiveness and focus on key growth strategies
 and included organizational changes to strengthen business alignment and actions to accelerate administrative efficiencies across all of our operating segments and support functions. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;In connection with this initiative

 $12.2 million related to our Bakeries and Foodservice segment
 $9.5 million related to our International segment

 we paid $3.8 million in cash related to restructuring actions taken in fiscal 2012 and previous years. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;In fiscal 2011
 we recorded restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs pursuant to approved plans as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 391px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:391px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Expense

 included in other current liabilities

Termination&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 11px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:11px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 61px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:61px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Other


 including foreign


 including foreign


 including foreign


 asset impairment charges
 the gain or loss on the sale of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; restructured assets

The entire disclosure for restructuring and related activities. Description of restructuring activities such as exit and disposal activities
 include facts and circumstances leading to the plan
 the expected plan completion date
 the major types of costs associated with the plan activities
 total expected costs
 the accrual balance at the end of the period
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 146
 -Paragraph 20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 420
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 5.P.4)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6394695&amp;loc=d3e140904-122747
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 420
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 5.P.3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6394695&amp;loc=d3e140864-122747
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 5
 -Section P
 -Subsection 3
 4
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 420
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6394359&amp;loc=d3e17939-110869
RESTRUCTURING
 IMPAIRMENT
RESTRUCTURING
 IMPAIRMENT
 AND OTHER EXIT COSTS












    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Stock
 partnership
 and miscellaneous investments
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

649.8

982.8


        
        
        


        

417.0

598.4


        

380.4

292.8


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


Stock
 partnership
 and miscellaneous investments
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

678.1

710.1


        

261.1

111.7




        
          

        
          
            

 and which can only be realized if sufficient tax-basis income of the appropriate character is generated in future periods to enable the deduction to be taken.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding brand intangibles
 and the basis of intangible assets computed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The difference in basis
 whether due to amortization or other reasons
 will increase future taxable income when such difference reverses. Intangible assets excluding brands include
 but are not limited to
 assets such as patents
 trademarks and customer lists.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph a
 d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant
 and equipment.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph d
 e
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Millions
 unless otherwise specified






Total of allowances and reserves
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690

Total of allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690
Additions charged to expense
 including translation amounts
Total of the deductions in a given period to allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 representing receivables written off as uncollectible and portions of the reserves utilized
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690

Total of the adjustments in a given period to allowances and reserves
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690

Total of allowances and reserves
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690




Total of allowances and reserves
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690

Total of allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690
Additions charged to expense
 including translation amounts
Total of allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690
Adjustments due to acquisition
 translation of amounts
 and other
Total of allowances and reserves
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690




Total of allowances and reserves
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690

Total of allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690
Additions charged to expense
 including translation amounts
Total of the deductions in a given period to allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 representing receivables written off as uncollectible and portions of the reserves utilized
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690

Total of allowances and reserves
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690




Total of allowances and reserves
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690

Total increases or decreases in allowances and reserves
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690

Total of allowances and reserves
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 09
 -Article 12
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e24092-122690









 Impairment
 and Other Exit Costs (Narrative) (Details)


040400 - Disclosure - Restructuring
 Impairment
In Millions
 unless otherwise specified




The aggregate amount provided for estimated restructuring charges
 remediation costs
 and asset impairment loss during an accounting period. Generally
 these items are either unusual or infrequent
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs



The aggregate amount provided for estimated restructuring charges
 remediation costs
 and asset impairment loss during an accounting period. Generally
 these items are either unusual or infrequent
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs



The aggregate amount provided for estimated restructuring charges
 remediation costs
 and asset impairment loss during an accounting period. Generally
 these items are either unusual or infrequent
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs



The aggregate amount provided for estimated restructuring charges
 remediation costs
 and asset impairment loss during an accounting period. Generally
 these items are either unusual or infrequent
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs



The aggregate amount provided for estimated restructuring charges
 remediation costs
 and asset impairment loss during an accounting period. Generally
 these items are either unusual or infrequent
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs



The aggregate amount provided for estimated restructuring charges
 remediation costs
 and asset impairment loss during an accounting period. Generally
 these items are either unusual or infrequent
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs
Restructuring and Related Cost
 Approximate Number of Positions Eliminated
The charge against earnings in the period for known and estimated costs of termination benefits provided to current employees that are involuntarily terminated under a benefit arrangement associated with exit from or disposal of business activities or restructurings pursuant to a duly authorized plan
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 146
 -Paragraph 8-13
 20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 420
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6394359&amp;loc=d3e17939-110869
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 420
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 5.P.4(b))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6394695&amp;loc=d3e140904-122747
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 420
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 5.P.3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6394695&amp;loc=d3e140864-122747
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 5
 -Section P
 -Subsection 3
 4
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name FASB Staff Position (FSP)
 -Number FAS146-1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)(10)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 112
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5-8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=8077374&amp;loc=d3e2420-110228
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 144
 -Paragraph 45
 46
 47
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




The aggregate amount provided for estimated restructuring charges
 remediation costs
 and asset impairment loss during an accounting period. Generally
 these items are either unusual or infrequent
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs
The amount of cash paid during the reporting period for charges associated with the consolidation and relocation of operations
 disposition or abandonment of operations or productive assets (that is
 for reorganizing and restructuring charges and other related expenses). These charges may be incurred in connection with a business combination
 change in strategic plan
 a managerial response to declines in demand
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Restructuring
 Impairment
 and Other Exit Costs (Narrative) (Details) (USD $)












    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
May 26
May 27
 1
 1
 1
 1
May 26
May 27
1
1
1
1
million as of May 26
 2013
million as of May 27
 2012
 were valued at 
May 26
May 27
   Derivative receivables
May 26
May 27
Land
 buildings
 2
 1
 5
 5
      Total land
 buildings
 8
 8
 (5
 (4
 3
 3
May 26
May 27
May 26
May 27
   Accrued interest
 1
 1
May 26
May 27
   Accrued compensation and benefits
 including
      obligations for underfunded other postretirement
 1
 1
 1
 2
Advertising and media expense (including
The components of interest
Expense (Income)
Interest
 net




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including descriptions and amounts
 related to the balance sheet
 income statement
 and/or cash flow statement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Millions
 unless otherwise specified






Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.











In Millions
 unless otherwise specified



Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of all long-term debt both current and noncurrent
 including capital lease obligations.
Obligation related to long-term debt (excluding convertible debt) and capital leases
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682

Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of all long-term debt
 which is debt initially having maturities due after one year from the balance sheet date or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer
 but excluding the portions thereof scheduled to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 6
 -Section H




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of all long-term debt both current and noncurrent
 including capital lease obligations.



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of all long-term debt both current and noncurrent
 including capital lease obligations.



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of all long-term debt both current and noncurrent
 including capital lease obligations.



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of all long-term debt both current and noncurrent
 including capital lease obligations.



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of all long-term debt both current and noncurrent
 including capital lease obligations.



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of all long-term debt both current and noncurrent
 including capital lease obligations.



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of all long-term debt both current and noncurrent
 including capital lease obligations.



Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of all long-term debt both current and noncurrent
 including capital lease obligations.



Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of all long-term debt both current and noncurrent
 including capital lease obligations.



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of all long-term debt both current and noncurrent
 including capital lease obligations.



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of all long-term debt both current and noncurrent
 including capital lease obligations.



Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of all long-term debt both current and noncurrent
 including capital lease obligations.



When presenting a range of interest rates
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(2))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage Rate Range
 Minimum
When presenting a range of interest rates
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate Stated Percentage Rate Range
 Maximum
Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of all long-term debt both current and noncurrent
 including capital lease obligations.



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 22
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.22(a)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of all long-term debt both current and noncurrent
 including capital lease obligations.



Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of all long-term debt both current and noncurrent
 including capital lease obligations.












    
  
      

          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          


          



Beginning Balance
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
 Equity
 Other
 Fair Value at May. 31
 2009
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Ending Balance
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
 Equity
 Other
 Fair Value at May. 30
 2010
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Ending Balance
 Stockholders' Equity
 Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest at May. 30
 2010

648.0
        

307.1

615.2)

122.4

486.9)
        
        


Ending Balance
 Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued at May. 30
 2010
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Beginning Balance
 Treasury Stock
 Shares at May. 30
 2010
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

280.3
        
        
        

798.3
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Shares purchased
 value

163.5)
        
        

163.5)
        
        
        
        


Shares purchased
 shares
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock compensation plans
 value (includes income tax benefits)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock compensation plans
 shares (includes income tax benefits)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Ending Balance
 Stockholders' Equity
 Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest at May. 29
 2011

612.2
        

319.8

210.3)

191.3

010.8)
        
        


Ending Balance
 Treasury Stock
 Shares at May. 29
 2011
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Ending Balance
 Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued at May. 29
 2011
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Beginning Balance
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
 Equity
 Other
 Fair Value at May. 29
 2011
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

567.3
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Shares purchased
 value
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Shares purchased
 shares
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock compensation plans
 value (includes income tax benefits)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock compensation plans
 shares (includes income tax benefits)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Ending Balance
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
 Equity
 Other
 Fair Value at May. 27
 2012
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Ending Balance
 Stockholders' Equity
 Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest at May. 27
 2012

882.7
        

308.4

177.0)

958.5

743.7)
        
        


Ending Balance
 Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued at May. 27
 2012
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Ending Balance
 Treasury Stock
 Shares at May. 27
 2012
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

031.9
        
        
        

855.2
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

111.1)
        
        
        

111.1)
        
        
        


Shares purchased
 value

044.9)
        
        

014.9)
        
        
        
        


Shares purchased
 shares
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock compensation plans
 value (includes income tax benefits)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Stock compensation plans
 shares (includes income tax benefits)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Ending Balance
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
 Equity
 Other
 Fair Value at May. 26
 2013
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Ending Balance
 Stockholders' Equity
 Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest at May. 26
 2013

128.5
        

166.6

687.2)

702.6

585.3)
        
        


Ending Balance
 Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued at May. 26
 2013
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Ending Balance
 Treasury Stock
 Shares at May. 26
 2013
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 included in the consolidation of the parent entity
 to the noncontrolling and redeemable interest holders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Alternate captions include the words stock-based compensation.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both controlling (parent) and noncontrolling interests. It includes all changes in equity during a period except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners
 including any and all transactions which are directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 included in the consolidation of the parent entity
 to the noncontrolling interest holders.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) at the option of the holder of the noncontrolling interest
 or (3) upon occurrence of an event that is not solely within the control of the (parent) entity. The noncontrolling interest holder's ownership (or holders' ownership) is represented by an equity interest that does not conform to either common or preferred equity (noncontrolling) interests otherwise provided for in the taxonomy
 regardless of investee entity legal form.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding reissuance of shares (units) held in treasury used to satisfy equity-based compensation obligations exercised by the holders of such rights. Upon reissuance of shares (units) from treasury
 either the common or preferred stock (unit) reissued is outstanding.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of the stock value of such awards forfeited.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding reissuance of shares (units) held in treasury used to satisfy equity-based compensation obligations exercised by the holders of such rights. Upon reissuance of shares (units) from treasury
 either the common or preferred stock (unit) reissued is outstanding.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 256px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:256px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8  style=width: 240px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:240px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 256px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:256px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;In Millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 63px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:63px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 256px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:256px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Net sales:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 63px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:63px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 256px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:256px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; U.S. Retail&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 63px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:63px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 10



200.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 4
194.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2

959.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
983.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1







197.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 3
011.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2

 impairment



Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14024403&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 30
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e8906-108599
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 21
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e8721-108599
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 22
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e8736-108599
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 25
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e8813-108599
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 131
 -Paragraph 27
 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 20px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 298px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:298px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8  style=width: 287px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:287px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 298px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:298px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;In Millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 298px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:298px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Net sales:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 298px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:298px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; Snacks&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;3



908.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;2
595.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

889.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;2
935.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2

802.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;2
611.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2

999.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;1
902.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

944.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;1
925.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

089.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;1
082.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 131
 -Paragraph 37
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 40
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e9031-108599

&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 238px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:238px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8  style=width: 230px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:230px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Fiscal Year&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 238px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:238px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;In Millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 63px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:63px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 58px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:58px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 238px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:238px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Net sales:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 63px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:63px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 58px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:58px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 238px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:238px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;  United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;$&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 63px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:63px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 12



201.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 58px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:58px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 4
195.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2




2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 58px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:58px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27

2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 58px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:58px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27
2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 238px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:238px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Land
 buildings





Tabular disclosure of information concerning material long-lived assets (excluding financial instruments
 customer relationships with financial institutions
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 131
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph b(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 41
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e9038-108599











In Millions
 unless otherwise specified




The amount of revenue from sale of goods and services reduced by sales returns
 allowances
Equity Method Investment
 Summarized Financial Information
 Revenue
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 825
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6957238&amp;loc=d3e14064-108612
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 323
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6382943&amp;loc=d3e33918-111571
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(g))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 323
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6382943&amp;loc=d3e33912-111571
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph g
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
 -Article 4
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph w
 -Article 1
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 18
 -Paragraph 20
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 159
 -Paragraph 18
 -Subparagraph f
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph bb
 -Article 1

This item represents the disclosure of summarized financial information for unconsolidated subsidiaries and 50 percent-or-less owned entities accounted for using the equity method of accounting. If investments in common stock of corporate joint ventures or other investments accounted for under the equity method are
 in the aggregate
 material in relation to the financial position or results of operations of an investor
 it may be necessary to present summarized information as to assets of the investee
 or group of investments for which combined disclosure is appropriate
 either by individual financial statement caption or in groups
 as appropriate. Such summarized financial information may
 at a minimum
 include income from continuing operations before income taxes.
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 825
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6957238&amp;loc=d3e14064-108612
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 323
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6382943&amp;loc=d3e33918-111571
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(g))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 323
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6382943&amp;loc=d3e33912-111571
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph g
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
 -Article 4
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph w
 -Article 1
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 18
 -Paragraph 20
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 159
 -Paragraph 18
 -Subparagraph f
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph bb
 -Article 1

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 825
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6957238&amp;loc=d3e14064-108612
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 323
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6382943&amp;loc=d3e33918-111571
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(g))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 323
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6382943&amp;loc=d3e33912-111571
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph g
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
 -Article 4
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph w
 -Article 1
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 18
 -Paragraph 20
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 159
 -Paragraph 18
 -Subparagraph f
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph bb
 -Article 1

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 825
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6957238&amp;loc=d3e14064-108612
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 323
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6382943&amp;loc=d3e33918-111571
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(g))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 323
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6382943&amp;loc=d3e33912-111571
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph g
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
 -Article 4
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph w
 -Article 1
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 18
 -Paragraph 20
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 159
 -Paragraph 18
 -Subparagraph f
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph bb
 -Article 1

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 825
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6957238&amp;loc=d3e14064-108612
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 323
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6382943&amp;loc=d3e33918-111571
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(g))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 323
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6382943&amp;loc=d3e33912-111571
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph g
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
 -Article 4
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph w
 -Article 1
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 18
 -Paragraph 20
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 159
 -Paragraph 18
 -Subparagraph f
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph bb
 -Article 1

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 825
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6957238&amp;loc=d3e14064-108612
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 323
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6382943&amp;loc=d3e33918-111571
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(g))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 323
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6382943&amp;loc=d3e33912-111571
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph g
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
 -Article 4
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph w
 -Article 1
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 18
 -Paragraph 20
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 159
 -Paragraph 18
 -Subparagraph f
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph bb
 -Article 1




The amount of revenue from sale of goods and services reduced by sales returns
 allowances
Equity Method Investment
 Summarized Financial Information
 Revenue



The amount of revenue from sale of goods and services reduced by sales returns
 allowances
Equity Method Investment
 Summarized Financial Information
 Revenue








 Other Commitments
 and Contingencies (Narrative) (Details)


041500 - Disclosure - Leases
 Other Commitments
In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

LEASES
 OTHER COMMITMENTS
 AND CONTINGENCIES [Abstract]
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6453985&amp;loc=d3e41502-112717
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 16
 -Subparagraph b(ii)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 122
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 40
 -Subparagraph (Note 3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6584154&amp;loc=d3e38371-112697
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 840
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6453985&amp;loc=d3e41502-112717
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 13
 -Paragraph 16
 -Subparagraph b(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Leases
 Other Commitments
 and Contingencies (Narrative) (Details) (USD $)












    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 amortization
 and accretion recognized during an accounting period. As a noncash item
 the net amount is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 public relations
 and brand or product advertising.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.
              
 -Paragraph 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


Net earnings
 including earnings attributable to redeemable and noncontrolling interests

892.5

589.1

803.5


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs (income)
        
        
        


Changes in current assets and liabilities
 excluding the effects of acquisitions
        
        
        


Other
 net
        
        
        


        

926.0

407.2

531.1


        
        
        
        


Purchases of land
 buildings
 and equipment
        
        
        


Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired
        

050.1)
        


Investment in affilates
 net
        
        
        


Proceeds from disposal of land
 buildings
 and equipment
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Other
 net
        
        
        


        

515.4)

870.8)
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

001.1

390.5

200.0


        
        

450.1)
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

044.9)
        

163.5)


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Other
 net
        
        
        


        

140.2)
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Cash Flow from Changes in Current Assets and Liabilities
 excluding effects of acquisitions:
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 included in the consolidation of the parent entity
 to the noncontrolling and redeemable interest holders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to redeemable and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding items classified as marketable securities
 include short-term
 highly liquid Investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash
 and so near their maturity that they present minimal risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally
 only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify under that definition. Original maturity means original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example
 both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However
 a Treasury note purchased three years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months. Short-term investments
 exclusive of cash equivalents
 generally consist of marketable securities intended to be sold within one year (or the normal operating cycle if longer) and may include trading securities
 available-for-sale securities
 or held-to-maturity securities (if maturing within one year)
 as applicable.
              
 -Paragraph 7
 8
 9
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 certain corporate joint ventures
 and certain noncontrolled corporation; these investments are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. This element excludes distributions that constitute a return of investment
 which are classified as investing activities.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 materials
 supplies and services used in the production and sale of goods and services.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 deferred expenses
 intangible assets
 or income taxes.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including those of discontinued operations
 of the reporting entity. Operating activities generally involve producing and delivering goods and providing services. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value that are not defined as investing or financing activities. While for technical reasons this element has no balance attribute
 the default assumption is a debit balance consistent with its label.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 supported by a promissory note
 granted to related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth.
              
 -Paragraph 18
 19
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

  cash received or cash paid during the current period for miscellaneous operating activities
 net change during the reporting period in other assets or other liabilities).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 preferred shareholders and noncontrolling interests.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.
              
 -Paragraph 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are investments in joint ventures and entities in which the entity has an equity ownership interest normally of 20 to 50 percent and exercises significant influence.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 dental and life insurance) postretirement benefit costs recognized during the period for (1) defined benefit plans (periodic benefit costs include the following components: service cost
 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss) on assets
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) due to settlements or curtailments) and for (2) defined contribution plans (to the extent that a plan's defined contributions to an individual's account are to be made for periods in which that individual renders services
 the net cost for a period is the contribution called for in that period; if a plan calls for contributions for periods after an individual retires or terminates
 the estimated cost is accrued during the employee's service period).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example a segment
 division
 branch or other business
 during the period.
              
 -Paragraph 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 18
 19
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which the entity may have realized and reported separately.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 supported by a promissory note
 granted to related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth.
              
 -Paragraph 18
 19
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;margin-left:0px;&gt;NOTE &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt; A&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;CQUISITIONS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;On August&amp;#160;1
 2012

 a privately held food company headquartered in Sao Bernardo do Campo
 Brazil
 for an aggregate purchase price of $939.8 million

 including snacks
 convenient meals
 basic foods


 including $261.3 million of non-cash consideration for debt assumed. We consolidated both entities into our Consolidated Balance Sheets and recorded goodwill of $1.5 billion. Indefinite lived intangible assets acquired primarily include brands of $476.0 million. Finite lived intangible assets acquired primarily include franchise agreements of $440.2 million and customer relationships of $107.3 million. In addition

 2013
The entire disclosure for business combinations
 including leverage buyout transactions (as applicable)
 and divestitures.  This may include a description of a business combination or divestiture (or series of individually immaterial business combinations or divestitures) completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and assets and liabilities recognized and reclassified or sold. This element does not include fixed asset sales and plant closings.








 Risk Management Activities
 and Fair Values (Schedule of swap contract maturities) (Details)


040705 - Disclosure - Financial Instruments
 Risk Management Activities
In Millions
 unless otherwise specified














Financial Instruments
 Risk Management Activities
 and Fair Values (Schedule of swap contract maturities) (Details) (USD $)












    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
On August&#160;1
 2012
 we acquired 
 a privately held food company headquartered in Sao Bernardo do Campo
 Brazil
 for an aggregate purchase price of $939.8 million
 operates in several food categories
 including snacks
 convenient meals
 basic foods
During the first quarter of fiscal 2012
 for an aggregate purchase price of $1.2 billion
 including $261.3 million of non-cash consideration for debt assumed. We consolidated both entities into our Consolidated Balance Sheets and recorded goodwill of $1.5 billion. Indefinite lived intangible assets acquired primarily include brands of $476.0 million. Finite lived intangible assets acquired primarily include franchise agreements of $440.2 million and customer relationships of $107.3 million. In addition
 we purchased a zero coupon exchangeable note due in 2016 from 
 2013
 $16.2 million of the exchangeable note has been repaid. The pro forma effects of this acquisition were not material.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including leverage buyout transactions (as applicable)
 and divestitures.  This may include a description of a business combination or divestiture (or series of individually immaterial business combinations or divestitures) completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and assets and liabilities recognized and reclassified or sold. This element does not include fixed asset sales and plant closings.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    






















&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;margin-left:0px;&gt;NOTE &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;The components of goodwill and other intangible assets are as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 34px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 307px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:307px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;In Millions&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 20px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:20px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 63px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:63px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26
2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 22px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:22px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 59px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:59px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27



499.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 22px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:22px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 59px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:59px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 4

 customer relationships

015.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 22px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:22px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 59px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:59px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 4


887.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;ased on the carrying value of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;finite-lived intangible assets as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;May 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;





 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 1px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:1px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 56px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:56px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 5


616.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 195px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:195px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Other activity

 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 1px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:1px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 56px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:56px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 5






622.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;The changes in the carrying amount of other intangible assets for fiscal 2011
 2012






 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 75px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:75px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 3



108.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 202px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:202px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Other activity

 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 75px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:75px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 3
297.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 4px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:4px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 15px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 78px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:78px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1






The entire disclosure for the aggregate amount of goodwill and a description of intangible assets
 which may include (a) for amortizable intangible assets (also referred to as finite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 the amount of any significant residual value
 and the weighted-average amortization period
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization (also referred to as indefinite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 and (c) the amount of research and development assets acquired and written off in the period
 including the line item in the income statement in which the amounts written off are aggregated
 if not readily apparent from the income statement. Also discloses (a) for amortizable intangibles assets in total and by major class
 the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization
 the total amortization expense for the period
 and the estimated aggregate amortization expense for each of the five succeeding fiscal years
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization the carrying amount in total and by major class
 and (c) for goodwill
 in total and for each reportable segment
 the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the period (including the aggregate amount of goodwill acquired
 the aggregate amount of impairment losses recognized
 and the amount of goodwill included in the gain (loss) on disposal of a reporting unit). If any part of goodwill has not been allocated to a reportable segment
 discloses the unallocated amount and the reasons for not allocating. For each impairment loss recognized related to an intangible asset (excluding goodwill)
 discloses: (a) a description of the impaired intangible asset and the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method for determining fair value
 (c) the caption in the income statement or the statement of activities in which the impairment loss is aggregated
 and (d) the segment in which the impaired intangible asset is reported. For each goodwill impairment loss recognized
 discloses: (a) a description of the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method of determining the fair value of the associated reporting unit
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16323-109275
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14024403&amp;loc=d3e13854-109267
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=14024403&amp;loc=d3e13816-109267
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16373-109275
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 350
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7658586&amp;loc=d3e16265-109275
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 142
 -Paragraph 42
 43
 44
 45
 46
 47
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
















Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32698-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6889476&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 47
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The portion of the difference between the effective income tax rate and domestic federal statutory income tax rate that can be explained by the state and local income tax expense or benefit
 net of the federal tax benefit (expense) thereon
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32698-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6889476&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817
State and local income taxes
 net of federal tax benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32698-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6889476&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32698-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6889476&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817


Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32698-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6889476&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32698-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6889476&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32698-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 6.I)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6889476&amp;loc=d3e330036-122817
Other
 net
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32687-109319
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 13
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32698-109319
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)(2))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph h
 -Subparagraph 2
 -Article 4
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 47
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.











In Millions
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified




Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 2
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688

The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 4
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.4)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 330
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 30
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6386349&amp;loc=d3e3636-108311
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 43
 -Paragraph 5A
 -Chapter 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Selling
 general
 and administrative expenses
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The aggregate amount provided for estimated restructuring charges
 remediation costs
 and asset impairment loss during an accounting period. Generally
 these items are either unusual or infrequent
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 34
 -Paragraph 21
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 835
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6450988&amp;loc=d3e26243-108391
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.9)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879574&amp;loc=d3e536633-122882
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 9
 -Article 9
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher OTS
 -Name Federal Regulation (FR)
 -Number Title 12
 -Section 563c.102
 -Paragraph 9
 -Chapter V
 -Subsection II
 -LegacyDoc This is a non-GAAP reference that was included in the 2009 taxonomy.  It will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Interest
 net
Sum of operating profit and nonoperating income or expense before Income or Loss from equity method investments
 income taxes
 extraordinary items
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h)(1)(i))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph h
 -Subparagraph 1(i)
 -Article 4

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(h))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph h
 -Article 4
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Income Tax Expense (or Benefit)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6515339
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 740
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 9
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6907707&amp;loc=d3e32639-109319
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 109
 -Paragraph 45
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 9
 -Article 5
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 18
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 323
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=16385135&amp;loc=d3e33749-111570
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 18
 -Paragraph 19
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.12)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 11
 -Article 7

The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
Net earnings
 including earnings attributable to redeemable and noncontrolling interests

The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 30
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 9
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 130
 -Paragraph 10
 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=20435746&amp;loc=d3e565-108580
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 19
 -Article 5
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6519514
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Net Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6518256
Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A7
 -Appendix A
Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 16: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number 87-21
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.23)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879574&amp;loc=d3e536633-122882
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 128
 -Paragraph 36
 37
 38
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number 07-4
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7655603&amp;loc=d3e1252-109256
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 18
 -Article 7
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 5
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 21
 -Article 9
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 52
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=16381557&amp;loc=d3e4984-109258
Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number 07-4
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7655603&amp;loc=d3e1252-109256
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 18
 -Article 7
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 128
 -Paragraph 11
 12
 36
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 5
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 21
 -Article 9

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770









 Risk Management Activities
 and Fair Values (Schedule of interest rate derivatives) (Details)


040704 - Disclosure - Financial Instruments
 Risk Management Activities
In Millions
 unless otherwise specified





Aggregate notional amount of interest rate derivatives
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1A
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5579245-113959
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Notional Amount
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6519104
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1B
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5580258-113959






Aggregate notional amount of interest rate derivatives
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1A
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5579245-113959
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Notional Amount
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6519104
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1B
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5580258-113959
Financial Instruments
 Risk Management Activities
 and Fair Values (Schedule of interest rate derivatives) (Details) (USD $)












    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Our Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of General Mills
 Inc. and all subsidiaries in which we 
 and redeemable interests' share of those transactions

As part of a long-term plan to conform the fiscal year ends of all our operations
 we have changed the reporting period of certain countries within our International segment from an April fiscal year end to a May fiscal year end to match our fiscal calendar. Accordingly
 in the year of change
in fiscal 2013
 results of operations and
 therefore
 we did not restate prior period financia
 
 
 and India businesses 




        
          

        
          
            

 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
May 26
May 27
 1
 1
 1
 1
323.6


        
May 26
May 27
1
1
1
1
million as of May 26
 2013
million as of May 27
 2012
 were valued at 
 


        
May 26
May 27
   Derivative receivables
 primarily commodity-related


Components of land
 building and equipment [Table Text Block]
May 26
May 27
Land
 buildings
 2
 1
 5
 5
      Total land
 buildings
 8
 8
 (5
 (4
 3
 3
652.7


        
May 26
May 27
2012


        
May 26
May 27
   Accrued interest
 1
 1
426.6


        
May 26
May 27
   Accrued compensation and benefits
 including
      obligations for underfunded other postretirement
 1
 1
 1
 2
189.8


        
Advertising and media expense (including
 production and communication costs)


Components of interest
 net [Table Text Block]
Expense (Income)
Interest
 net


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 net of interest income and capitalised interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer; the aggregate carrying amount of current assets
 not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet; and other deferred costs.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 and other types of furniture and equipment including
 but not limited to
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment and software.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). An alternative caption includes accrued expenses.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including a rollforward of the balance.  An alternative caption includes allowance for doubtful accounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
              
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
valued at the lower of cost
 using the last-in
 first-out (LIFO) method
valued at the lower of cost
 using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method
Shipping costs associated with the distribution of finished product to our customers are recorded as cost of sales
 and are recognized when the related finished product is shipped to and accepted by the customer.


Land
 Buildings
 Equipment
 and Depreciation
Land
 Buildings
 Equipment
Land is recorded at historical cost. Buildings and equipment
 including capitalized interest and internal engineering costs
 are recorded at cost and depreciated over estimated useful lives
 primarily using the straight-line method. Ordinary maintenance and repairs are charged to cost of sales. Buildings are usually depreciated over 40 to 50 years
 and equipment
 furniture
 years. Fully depreciated assets are retained in buildings and equipment until disposal. When an item is sold or retired
 the resulting gains and losses
 if any
May 26
 2013
Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset (or asset group) may not be recoverable. An impairment loss would be recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows from the operation and disposition of the asset group are less than the carrying amount of the asset group. Asset groups have identifiable cash flows and are largely independent of other asset groups. Measurement of an impairment loss would be based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset group over its fair value. Fair value is measured using a discounted cash flow model or independent appraisals
 as appropriate.


        
Goodwill is not subject to amortization and is tested for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. Impairment testing is performed for each of our reporting units. We compare the carrying value of a reporting unit
 including goodwill
 to the fair value of the unit. Carrying value is based on the assets and liabilities associated with the operations of that reporting unit
 which often requires allocation of shared or corporate items among reporting units. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 we revalue all assets and liabilities of the reporting unit
 excluding goodwill
 to determine if the fair value of the net assets is greater than the net assets including goodwill. If the fair value of the net assets is less than the carrying amount of net assets including goodwill
 impairment has occurred. Our estimates of fair value are determined based on a discounted cash flow model. Growth rates for sales and profits are determined using inputs from our annual long-range planning process. We also make estimates of discount rates
 perpetuity growth assumptions
 market 
 and other factors. We performed our fiscal 2013 assessment as of November 2
2
We evaluate the useful lives of our other intangible assets
 mainly brands
 to determine if they are finite or indefinite-lived. Reaching a determination on useful life requires significant judgments and assumptions regarding the future effects of obsolescence
 demand
 competition
 other economic factors (such as the stability of the industry
 known technological advances
 legislative action that results in an uncertain or changing regulatory environment
 and expected changes in distribution channels)
 the level of required maintenance expenditures
on a straight-line basis
 over their useful lives
Our indefinite-lived intangible assets
 mainly intangible assets primarily associated with the 
 
 
 
 
 
 
brands
 are also tested for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. We performed our fiscal 2013 assessment of our brand intangibles as of November 2
from our annual long-range plan
le if we did not own the brands
 and a discount rate. As of our assessment date
Our finite-lived intangible assets
 primarily acquired franchise agreements and customer relationships
Measurement of an impairment loss would be based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset over its fair value. Fair value is measured using a discounted cash flow model or other similar valuation model
 as appropriate. 


        
Our investments in companies over which we have the ability to exercise significant influence are stated at cost plus our share of undistributed earnings or losses. We receive royalty income from certain joint ventures
 incur various expenses (primarily research and development)
 and record the tax impact of certain joint venture operations that are structured as partnerships. In addition
 we make advances to our joint ventures in the form of loans or capital investments. We also sell certain raw materials
 semi-finished goods
 and finished goods to the joint ventures
In addition
joint ventures if we have reason to believe an impairment may have occurred including
 but not limited to
 operating losses
 projected decreases in earnings
evenue growth and profitability
 royalty rates
 capital spending
 depreciation and taxes
 and a discount rate. By their nature
 these projections and assumptions are uncertain. If we were to determine the current fair value of our investment was less than the carrying value of the investment
On July 1
 2011
ling interest in Yoplait S.A.S.
. When the put is no longer exercisable
eets quarterly to the redeemable interest's redemption value
 which approximates its fair value.
The significant assumptions used to estimate the redemption value include projected revenue growth and profitability from our long range plan
 capital spending
 depreciation and taxes
 foreign currency rates
 and a discount rate.


        
May 26
 2013
material to our results of operations
 financial condition
May 26
We determined whether or not we were the primary beneficiary (PB) of each VIE using a qualitative assessment that considered the VIE's purpose and design
 the involvement of each of the interest holders
fiscal 2013
 


        
We recognize sales revenue when the shipment is accepted by our customer. Sales include shipping and handling charges billed to the customer and are reported net of consumer coupon redemption
 trade promotion and other costs
 including estimated allowances for returns
 unsalable product
 and prompt pay discounts. Sales
 use
 value-added
 and other excise taxes are not recognized in revenue. Coupons are recorded when distributed
 based on estimated redemption rates. Trade promotions are recorded based on estimated participation and performance levels for offered programs at the time of sale. We generally do not allow a right of return. However
 on a limited case-by-case basis with prior approval
 we may allow customers to return product. In limited circumstances
 product returned in saleable condition is resold to other customers or outlets. Receivables from customers generally do not bear interest. Terms and collection patterns vary around the world and by channel. The allowance for doubtful accounts represents our estimate of probable non-payments and credit losses in our existing receivables
 as determined based on a review of past due balances and other specific account data. Account balances are written off against the allowance when we deem the amount is uncollectible.


        
Environmental costs relating to existing conditions caused by past operations that do not contribute to current or future revenues are expensed. Liabilities for anticipated remediation costs are recorded on an undiscounted basis when they are probable and reasonably estimable
 generally no later than the completion of feasibility studies or our commitment to a plan of action.


        
        


        
All expenditures for research and development (R&amp;D) are charged against earnings in the year incurred. R&amp;D includes expenditures for new product and manufacturing process innovation
 and the annual expenditures are comprised primarily of internal salaries
 wages
 consulting
 and other supplies attributable to time spent on R&amp;D activities. Other costs include depreciation and maintenance of research facilities
 including assets at facilities that are engaged in pilot plant activities.


        
For all significant foreign operations
 the functional currency is the local currency. Assets and liabilities of these operations are translated at the period-end exchange rates. Income statement accounts are translated using the average exchange rates prevailing during the year. Translation adjustments are reflected within accumula



        
All derivatives are recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value based on quoted market prices or our estimate of their fair value
 and are recorded in either current or noncurrent assets or liabilities based on their maturity. Changes in the fair values of derivatives are recorded in net earnings or other comprehensive income
as a hedge transaction and
 if so
 are reclassified to earnings in the period the hedged item affects earnings. If the underlying hedged transaction ceases to exist
 any associated amounts reported in 


        
 selling
Certain equity-based compensation plans contain provisions that accelerate vesting of awards upon retirement
 or death of eligible employees and directors. We consider a stock-based award to be vested when the employee's retention of the award is no longer contingent on providing subsequent service. Accordingly
 the related compensation cost is recognized immediately for awards granted to retirement-eligible individuals or over the period from the grant date to the date retirement eligibility is achieved
We report the benefits of tax deductions in excess of recognized compensation cost as a financing cash flow
 thereby reducing net operating cash flows and increasing net financing cash flows.


Defined Benefit Pension
 Other Postretirement
 and Postemployment Benefit Plans
Defined Benefit Pension
 Other Postretirement
We sponsor several domestic and foreign defined benefit plans to provide pension
 health care
 and other welfare benefits to retired employees. Under certain circumstances
 we also provide accruable benefits to former or inactive employees in the United States and Canada and members of our Board of Directors
 including severance and certain other benefits payable upon death. We recognize an obligation for any of these benefits that vest or accumulate with service. Postemployment benefits that do not vest or accumulate with service (such as severance based solely on annual pay rather than years of service) are charged to expense when incurred. Our postemployment benefit plans are unfunded.


        
Preparing our Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates include our accounting for promotional expenditures
 valuation of long-lived assets
 intangible assets
 redeemable interest
 stock-based compensation
 income taxes
 and defined benefit pension
 post-retirement and post-employment benefits. Actual results could differ from our estimates.


        
In fiscal 2013
 we adopted new accounting guidance for the presentation of other comprehensive income (OCI). This guidance requires entities to present net income and OCI in either a single continuous statement or in separate consecutive statements. The guidance does not change the components of net income or OCI
 when OCI should be reclassified to net income
In fiscal 2013
 we adopted new accounting guidance intended to simplify indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment testing. Entities are allowed to perform a qualitative assessment of indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment to determine whether a quantitative assessment is necessary. We adopted this guidance for our annual indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment test for fiscal 2013
In fiscal 2012
In fiscal 2012
 we adopted new accounting guidance on employer's disclosures about participation in multiemployer benefit plans. 
In fiscal 2011
 we adopted new accounting guidance on the consolidation model for VIEs. The guidance requires companies to qualitatively assess the determination of the primary beneficiary of a VIE based on whether the company (1) has the power to direct matters that most significantly impact the VIE's economic performance
 and (2) has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The adoption of the guidance did not have an impact on our results of operations or financial condition.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 construction
 or development or from the normal operation of a long-lived asset (except obligations of a lessee in connection with leased property that are minimum lease payments or contingent rentals
 or obligations that arise solely from a plan to sell or otherwise dispose of a long-lived asset); and (2) certain environmental remediation liabilities that resulted from the improper or other-than-normal operation of a long-lived asset. This accounting policy may address (1) whether the related remediation costs are expensed or capitalized
 (2) whether the obligation is measured on a discounted basis
 (3) the event
 situation
 or set of circumstances that generally triggers recognition of loss contingencies arising from the entity's environmental remediation-related obligations
 and (4) the timing of recognition of any recoveries.
              
 -Paragraph 2-3
 11-15
 22
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 99
 100
 101
 147
 148
 149
 150
 152
 153
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 8
 9
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts or transactions and any noncontrolling interest.
              
 -Section 02
 03
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 14
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.
              
 -Paragraph 5
 7-20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 7-18
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 4
 11-23
 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Paragraph 3
 5-10
 15
 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph i
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the benefits provided by each plan (2) groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) how plan assets
 liabilities and expenses are measured
 including the use of any actuaries and (4) significant assumptions used by the entity to value plan assets and liabilities and how such assumptions are derived.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 15-19
 63
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 21
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 4
 5
 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 7
 9
 11
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 plant and equipment which may include the basis of such assets
 depreciation methods used and estimated useful lives
 the entity's capitalization policy
 including its accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance activities
 whether such asset balances include capitalized interest and the method by which such is calculated
 how disposals of such assets are accounted for and how impairment of such assets is assessed and recognized.
              
 -Paragraph 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Millions
 unless otherwise specified





If aggregate disclosures are presented
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 17
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21916443&amp;loc=d3e4179-114921
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e2417-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph C3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

If aggregate disclosures are presented
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 17
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21916443&amp;loc=d3e4179-114921
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e2417-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

If aggregate disclosures are presented
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 17
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21916443&amp;loc=d3e4179-114921
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e2417-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




If aggregate disclosures are presented
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 17
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21916443&amp;loc=d3e4179-114921
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e2417-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph C3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

If aggregate disclosures are presented
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 17
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21916443&amp;loc=d3e4179-114921
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e2417-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

If aggregate disclosures are presented
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 17
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21916443&amp;loc=d3e4179-114921
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e2417-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




If aggregate disclosures are presented
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 17
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21916443&amp;loc=d3e4179-114921
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e2417-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph C3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

If aggregate disclosures are presented
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 17
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21916443&amp;loc=d3e4179-114921
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e2417-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

If aggregate disclosures are presented
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 17
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21916443&amp;loc=d3e4179-114921
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e2417-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.











In Millions
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified












Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 1
 -Article 5

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688

The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 30
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 9
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 130
 -Paragraph 10
 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=20435746&amp;loc=d3e565-108580
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 19
 -Article 5
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6519514
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Net Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6518256
Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A7
 -Appendix A
Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 16: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number 87-21
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.23)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879574&amp;loc=d3e536633-122882
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 128
 -Paragraph 36
 37
 38
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number 07-4
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7655603&amp;loc=d3e1252-109256
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 18
 -Article 7
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 5
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 21
 -Article 9
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 52
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=16381557&amp;loc=d3e4984-109258
Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number 07-4
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7655603&amp;loc=d3e1252-109256
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 18
 -Article 7
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 128
 -Paragraph 11
 12
 36
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 5
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 21
 -Article 9

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Article 3
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 505
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.3-04)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6959260&amp;loc=d3e187085-122770















    
  
      

Financial Instruments
 Risk Management Activities
 and Fair Values (Tables)

        

      






FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
 RISK MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES
 AND FAIR VALUES [Abstract]
        


        
        


        
Market
Value


        
Net loss (gain) on commodity positions reclassified from
Net mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions
 recognized in unallocated corporate items


        
May 26
May 27
2012


        
        


Fair Value
 Measurement Inputs
 Disclosure [Table Text Block]
May 26
May 26
Derivatives designated as
Derivatives not designated as
Other assets and liabilities
Total assets
 liabilities
 and derivative
other current assets

 or other liabilities
 as appropriate
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;These contracts are recorded as prepaid expenses and other current assets or as other current liabilities
 as appropriate
May 27
May 27
Derivatives designated as
Derivatives not designated as
Other assets and liabilities
Total assets
 liabilities
 and derivative
other current assets
 
 other liabilities
 as appropriate
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;These contracts are recorded as prepaid expenses and other current assets or as other current liabilities
 as appropriate
 based on whether in a gain or loss position.


        
Equity
Derivatives in Cash Flow Hedging
  Amount of gain (loss) recognized in other
  Amount of loss reclassified from
  Amount of gain (loss) recognized
Derivatives in Fair Value Hedging
  Amount of net gain (loss) recognized
Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging
reclassified from AOCI into earnings is reported in interest
 net for interest rate swaps and in cost of sales and SG&amp;A 
 interest
recognized in earnings is reported in interest
 net for interest rate
f sales for commodity contracts





        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 changes in the cost basis and fair value
 fair value and gross unrealized gain (loss)
 fair values by type of security
 contractual maturity and classification
 amortized cost basis
 contracts to acquire securities to be accounted for as available-for-sale
 debt maturities
 transfers to trading
 change in net unrealized holding gain (loss) net of tax
 continuous unrealized loss position fair value
 aggregate losses qualitative disclosures
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses or other disclosures related to available for sale securities.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which includes financial instruments measured at fair value that are classified in shareholders' equity
 which may be measured on a recurring or nonrecurring basis.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or when applicable
 the statement of financial position. For example
  (a) gains and losses recognized in the income statement on derivative instruments designated and qualifying as hedging instruments in fair value hedges and related hedged items designated and qualifying in fair value hedges and (b) gains and losses initially recognized in other comprehensive income on derivative instruments designated and qualifying as cash flow hedges.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as for individual instruments
 or small groups of similar instruments. May include a combination of the type of instrument
 risks being hedged
 notional amount
 hedge designation
 related hedged item
 inception date
 maturity date
 or other relevant item.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including
 but not limited to
 the fair value of the derivatives
 statement of financial position location
 and statement of financial performance location of these instruments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Stockholders' Equity (Schedule of accumulated other comprehensive loss balances
 net of taxes) (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified











Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax:
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

801.5)

945.9)


        
        
        


        

585.3)

743.7)




        
          

        
          
            

 after tax
 included in accumulated other comprehensive income associated with a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan(s) because they have yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost. Gains and losses are due to changes in the value of either the benefit obligation or the plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed or from a change in an actuarial assumption
 or the consequence of a decision to temporarily deviate from the substantive plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax
 in value of the total of available-for-sale securities at the end of an accounting period.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax
 in accumulated gains and losses from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges. Includes an entity's share of an equity investee's Increase or Decrease in deferred hedging gains or losses.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax
 that results from the process of translating subsidiary financial statements and foreign equity investments into the reporting currency from the functional currency of the reporting entity
 net of reclassification of realized foreign currency translation gains or losses.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 17
 18
 19
 22
 23
 24
 25
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 14
 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    
















































&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;margin-left:0px;&gt;NOTE 16&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt;.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;&gt; BUSINESS SEGMENT AND GEOGRAPHIC INFORMATION&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;We operate in the consumer foods industry. We have three operating segments by type of customer and geographic region as &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;follows&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;: &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;U.S. Retail



 mass merchandisers
 membership stores
 natural food chains
 and drug
 dollar and discount chains operating throughout the United States. Our product categories in this business segment include ready-to-eat cereals
 refrigerated yogurt
 ready-to-serve soup
 dry dinners
 shelf stable and frozen vegetables
 refrigerated and frozen dough products
 dessert and baking mixes
 frozen pizza and pizza snacks
 grain
 fruit and savory snacks
 and a wide variety of organic products including granola bars
 cereal
 and soup.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:10.5pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;Our International segment consists of retail and foodservice businesses outside of the United States. In Canada
 our product categories include ready-to-eat cereals
 shelf stable and frozen vegetables
 dry dinners
 refrigerated and frozen dough products
 dessert and baking mixes
 frozen pizza snacks
 refrigerated yogurt
 and grain and fruit snacks. In markets outside North America
 our product categories include super-premium ice cream and frozen desserts
 refrigerated yogurt
 snacks
 shelf stable and frozen vegetables
 refrigerated and frozen dough products
 and dry dinners. Our International segment also includes products manufactured in the United States for export
 mainly to Caribbean and Latin American markets
 as well as products we manufacture for sale to our international joint ventures. Revenues from export activities and franchise fees are reported in the region or country where the end customer is located. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:10.5pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;In our Bakeries and Foodservice segment our product categories include ready-to-eat cereals
 snacks

 unbaked and fully baked frozen dough products
 baking mixes
 and flour. Many products we sell are branded to the consumer and nearly all are branded to our customers. We sell to distributors and operators in many customer channels including foodservice
 convenience stores
 vending
 and supermarket bakeries. Substantially all of this segment's operations are located in the United States.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;Operating profit for these segments excludes unallocated corporate items and restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs. Unallocated corporate items include corporate overhead expenses
 variances to planned domestic employee benefits and incentives
 contributions to the General Mills Foundation
 and other items that are not part of our measurement of segment operating performance. These include gains and losses arising from the revaluation of certain grain inventories and gains and losses from mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions until passed back to our operating segments. These items affecting operating profit are centrally managed at the corporate level and are excluded from the meas&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;ure of segment profitability reviewed by executive management. Under our supply chain organization
 our manufacturing
 warehouse
 and distribution activities are substantially integrated across our operations in order to maximize efficiency and productivity. As a result




200.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 4
194.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2

959.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
983.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1







197.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 3
011.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2

 impairment







908.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;2
595.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

889.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;2
935.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2

802.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;2
611.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2

999.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;1
902.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

944.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;1
925.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

089.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;1
082.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1







201.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 58px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:58px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 4
195.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2




2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 58px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:58px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27

2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 58px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:58px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 27
2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 238px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:238px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Land
 buildings





The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 131
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e8380-108599
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 32
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e8933-108599
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 10
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e8538-108599
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 26
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e8844-108599
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 29
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e8864-108599
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 34
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e8981-108599
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 35
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e8984-108599
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 42
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e9054-108599
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 40
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e9031-108599
Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 31
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e8924-108599
Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 41
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e9038-108599
Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 30
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e8906-108599
Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 33
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e8971-108599
Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 280
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 12
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6534315&amp;loc=d3e8595-108599













    
  
      

          

        

      


 2013

          



        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

















 net) (Details)


041702 - Disclosure - Supplemental Information (Schedule of the components of interest
In Millions
 unless otherwise specified




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher OTS
 -Name Federal Regulation (FR)
 -Number Title 12
 -Section 563c.102
 -Paragraph 8
 -Chapter V
 -Subsection I
 -LegacyDoc This is a non-GAAP reference that was included in the 2009 taxonomy.  It will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.7
8)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879574&amp;loc=d3e536633-122882

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 835
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6450988&amp;loc=d3e26243-108391
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Allowance for Funds Used during Construction
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6504829
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 34
 -Paragraph 21
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 115
 -Paragraph 14
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 7
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.7(b))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 34
 -Paragraph 21
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 835
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6450988&amp;loc=d3e26243-108391
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.9)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879574&amp;loc=d3e536633-122882
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 9
 -Article 9
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher OTS
 -Name Federal Regulation (FR)
 -Number Title 12
 -Section 563c.102
 -Paragraph 9
 -Chapter V
 -Subsection II
 -LegacyDoc This is a non-GAAP reference that was included in the 2009 taxonomy.  It will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Supplemental Information (Schedule of the components of interest
 net) (Details) (USD $)










In Millions
 unless otherwise specified





Amounts due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 -Article 5

A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 310
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7512638&amp;loc=d3e5074-111524
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 4
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.4)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682

The total amount due to the entity within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle
 if longer) from outside sources
 including trade accounts receivable
 notes and loans receivable
 as well as any other types of receivables
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
4)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 4
 -Article 5

Inventory
 Net [Abstract]
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(4)
(5))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 43
 -Section A
 -Paragraph 9
 -Chapter 3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reflects the difference between (a) inventory at the lower of LIFO cost or market and (b) inventory at replacement cost or at the lower of some acceptable inventory accounting method (such as FIFO or average cost)
 or market. If material
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(c))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 6
 -Subparagraph c
 -Article 5

Carrying amount (lower of cost or market) as of the balance sheet date of inventories less all valuation and other allowances. Excludes noncurrent inventory balances (expected to remain on hand past one year or one operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 330
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6386567&amp;loc=d3e3927-108312
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6361293&amp;loc=d3e6676-107765

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6361739&amp;loc=d3e7789-107766
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 43
 -Section A
 -Paragraph 9
 -Chapter 3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.


The sum of amounts currently receivable other than from customers. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current amount receivable
 that is amounts expected to be collected within one year or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.8)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 8
 -Article 5

Sum of the amounts paid in advance for capitalized costs that will be expensed with the passage of time or the occurrence of a triggering event
 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 43
 -Section A
 -Paragraph 4
 -Chapter 3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Current Assets
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6509628
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (g)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6361293&amp;loc=d3e6676-107765
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6361293&amp;loc=d3e6787-107765
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 340
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 05
 -Paragraph 5
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6386993&amp;loc=d3e5879-108316

Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of the asset arising from derivative instruments and hedging activities
 which are expected to be converted into cash or otherwise disposed of within a year or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.8)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Derivative receivables
 primarily commodity-related
Fair value of a current grain derivative asset that is not designated or qualifying as a hedging instrument
 presented on a gross basis even when the derivative instrument is subject to master netting arrangements and qualifies for net presentation in the statement of financial position.
Carrying amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of current assets which have not been itemized or categorized in the footnotes to the financial statements and are a component of Other Assets
 Current (OtherAssetsCurrent). Current assets are expected to be realized or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
Aggregate carrying amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of current assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Current assets are expected to be realized or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.8)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 8
 -Article 5

Land
 Buildings and Equipment [Abstract]
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 4
 -Subparagraph (e)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6361293&amp;loc=d3e6812-107765
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682

Amount before accumulated depreciation of building structures held for productive use including addition
 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 including
 but not limited to
 interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-110229
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 4
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6361293&amp;loc=d3e6812-107765

Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of long-lived
 depreciable assets that include building structures held for productive use including any addition
 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 such as interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical
 and plumbing subject to a lease meeting the criteria for capitalization.
Gross amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of long-lived
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-110229
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 4
 -Subparagraph (f)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6361293&amp;loc=d3e6812-107765

Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of long-lived
 depreciable asset used in production process to produce goods and services subject to a lease meeting the criteria for capitalization.
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 985
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6501960&amp;loc=d3e128462-111756

Gross amount
 at the balance sheet date
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-110229

Gross amount of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-110229
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Total land
 buildings
 and equipment
The cumulative amount of depreciation
 depletion and amortization (related to property
 plant and equipment
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 5
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.14)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-110229
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 14
 -Article 5
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Amount
 net of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization
 of long-lived physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 360
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6391035&amp;loc=d3e2868-110229
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.13)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 13
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 8
 -Article 7
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 12
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Total land
 buildings
 and equipment
Other Assets
 Noncurrent [Abstract]
Total investments in (A) an entity in which the entity has significant influence
 but does not have control
 (B) subsidiaries that are not required to be consolidated and are accounted for using the equity and or cost method
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.12)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.17)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915240&amp;loc=d3e1703-114919

Amounts due from parties associated with the reporting entity as evidenced by a written promise to pay
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(k)(1))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6881521&amp;loc=d3e23780-122690
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 850
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6457730&amp;loc=d3e39549-107864
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 08
 -Paragraph k
 -Subparagraph 1
 -Article 4
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 57
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 3
 -Subparagraph a
 -Article 5
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.11)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Related Parties
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=16382449

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.17)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 17
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 4
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6361293&amp;loc=d3e6812-107765
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name FASB Technical Bulletin (FTB)
 -Number 85-4
 -Paragraph 2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of noncurrent assets which have not been itemized or categorized in the footnotes to the financial statements and are a component of Other Assets
 Noncurrent (OtherAssetsNoncurrent). Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
Aggregate carrying amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.17)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 17
 -Article 5

Other Liabilities
 Current [Abstract]
Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for the marketing
 trade and selling of the entity's goods and services.   Marketing costs would include expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services; costs of public relations and corporate promotions; and obligations incurred and payable for sales discounts
 rebates
 price protection programs
 etc. offered to customers and under government programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
Total of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for obligations related to services received from employees
 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 8
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6361293&amp;loc=d3e6935-107765
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Current Liabilities
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6509677
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 43
 -Section A
 -Paragraph 7
 -Chapter 3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682

Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for statutory income
 sales
 use
 payroll
 excise
 real
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 19
 -Article 5

Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of (a) interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Accrued interest
 including interest rate swaps
Fair value of a current grain derivative liability that is not designated or qualifying as a hedging instrument
 presented on a gross basis even when the derivative instrument is subject to master netting arrangements and qualifies for net presentation in the statement of financial position.
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number 95-3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 420
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SAB TOPIC 5.P.4(b))
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6394695&amp;loc=d3e140904-122747
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Staff Accounting Bulletin (SAB)
 -Number Topic 5
 -Section P
 -Subsection 3
 4

Sum as of the balance sheet date of the (a) fair values of all liabilities resulting from contracts that meet the criteria of being accounted for as derivative instruments
 and (b) the carrying amounts of the liabilities arising from financial instruments or contracts used to mitigate a specified risk (hedge)
 and which are expected to be extinguished or otherwise disposed of within a year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682


Aggregate carrying amount of current liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer) not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Includes costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 5
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.20)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6361293&amp;loc=d3e6911-107765
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 43
 -Section A
 -Paragraph 8
 -Chapter 3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 5
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6361293&amp;loc=d3e6904-107765
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 6
 -Paragraph 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Other Liabilities
 Noncurrent [Abstract]
This represents the noncurrent liability for all deferred compensation arrangements payable beyond one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer) and for underfunded plans recognized in the balance sheet that is associated with the defined benefit pension plans
 postemployment
Accrued compensation and benefits
 including obligations for underfunded other postretirement and postemployment benefit plans
Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of the unpaid sum of the known and estimated amounts payable to satisfy all domestic and foreign income tax obligations due beyond one year or the operating cycle
 whichever is longer. Alternate captions include income taxes payable
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.24)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 24
 -Article 5
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name FASB Interpretation (FIN)
 -Number 48
 -Paragraph 15
 21
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 15
 -Subparagraph b(1)
 -Article 7
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 15
 -Article 9
Accrued taxes
 noncurrent

Aggregate carrying amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.24)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 24
 -Article 5














&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;margin-left:0px;&gt;NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;margin-left:0px;&gt;Cash and Cash Equivalents&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;We consider all investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;margin-left:0px;&gt;Inventories&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;All inventories in the United States other than grain a&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;re &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;valued at the lower of cost
 using the last-in
 first-out (LIFO) method

 using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method
 or market.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;Shipping costs associated with the distribution of finished product to our customers are recorded as cost of sales
 and are recognized when the related finished product is shipped to and accepted by the customer.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;margin-left:0px;&gt;Land
 Buildings
 Equipment

 including capitalized interest and internal engineering costs
 are recorded at cost and depreciated over estimated useful lives
 primarily using the straight-line method. Ordinary maintenance and repairs are charged to cost of sales. Buildings are usually depreciated over 40 to 50 years
 and equipment
 furniture


 if any
 are recognized in earnings. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;May 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 assets held for sale were insignificant.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset (or asset group) may not be recoverable. An impairment loss would be recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows from the operation and disposition of the asset group are less than the carrying amount of the asset group. Asset groups have identifiable cash flows and are largely independent of other asset groups. Measurement of an impairment loss would be based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset group over its fair value. Fair value is measured using a discounted cash flow model or independent appraisals

 including goodwill
 to the fair value of the unit. Carrying value is based on the assets and liabilities associated with the operations of that reporting unit
 which often requires allocation of shared or corporate items among reporting units. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 we revalue all assets and liabilities of the reporting unit
 excluding goodwill
 to determine if the fair value of the net assets is greater than the net assets including goodwill. If the fair value of the net assets is less than the carrying amount of net assets including goodwill
 impairment has occurred. Our estimates of fair value are determined based on a discounted cash flow model. Growth rates for sales and profits are determined using inputs from our annual long-range planning process. We also make estimates of discount rates
 perpetuity growth assumptions


 201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;2

 mainly brands
 to determine if they are finite or indefinite-lived. Reaching a determination on useful life requires significant judgments and assumptions regarding the future effects of obsolescence
 demand
 competition
 other economic factors (such as the stability of the industry
 known technological advances
 legislative action that results in an uncertain or changing regulatory environment
 and expected changes in distribution channels)
 the level of required maintenance expenditures

 over their useful lives












&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; and a discount rate. As of our assessment date

 primarily acquired franchise agreements and customer relationships


 incur various expenses (primarily research and development)
 and record the tax impact of certain joint venture operations that are structured as partnerships. In addition
 we make advances to our joint ventures in the form of loans or capital investments. We also sell certain raw materials
 semi-finished goods
 and finished goods to the joint ventures
 generally at market prices.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;In addition

 but not limited to
 ongoing&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; operating losses
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; projected decreases in earnings

 royalty rates
 capital spending
 depreciation and taxes

 these projections and assumptions are uncertain. If we were to determine the current fair value of our investment was less than the carrying value of the investment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 2011




 we adjusted the redeemable interest's redemption value based on a discounted cash flow model. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;The significant assumptions used to estimate the redemption value include projected revenue growth and profitability from our long range plan
 capital spending
 depreciation and taxes
 foreign currency rates

 2013

 financial condition
 or liquidity as of and for the year ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;May 26

 the involvement of each of the interest holders


 trade promotion and other costs
 including estimated allowances for returns
 unsalable product
 and prompt pay discounts. Sales
 use
 value-added
 and other excise taxes are not recognized in revenue. Coupons are recorded when distributed
 based on estimated redemption rates. Trade promotions are recorded based on estimated participation and performance levels for offered programs at the time of sale. We generally do not allow a right of return. However
 on a limited case-by-case basis with prior approval
 we may allow customers to return product. In limited circumstances
 product returned in saleable condition is resold to other customers or outlets. Receivables from customers generally do not bear interest. Terms and collection patterns vary around the world and by channel. The allowance for doubtful accounts represents our estimate of probable non-payments and credit losses in our existing receivables


 and the annual expenditures are comprised primarily of internal salaries
 wages
 consulting
 and other supplies attributable to time spent on R&amp;amp;D activities. Other costs include depreciation and maintenance of research facilities



 and are recorded in either current or noncurrent assets or liabilities based on their maturity. Changes in the fair values of derivatives are recorded in net earnings or other comprehensive income

 if so




 the related compensation cost is recognized immediately for awards granted to retirement-eligible individuals or over the period from the grant date to the date retirement eligibility is achieved
 if less than the stated vesting period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;We report the benefits of tax deductions in excess of recognized compensation cost as a financing cash flow
 thereby reducing net operating cash flows and increasing net financing cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;margin-left:0px;&gt;Defined Benefit Pension
 Other Postretirement

 health care
 and other welfare benefits to retired employees. Under certain circumstances
 we also provide accruable benefits to former or inactive employees in the United States and Canada and members of our Board of Directors

 disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates include our accounting for promotional expenditures
 valuation of long-lived assets
 intangible assets
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; redeemable interest
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; stock-based compensation
 income taxes
 and defined benefit pension

 we adopted new accounting guidance for the presentation of other comprehensive income (OCI). This guidance requires entities to present net income and OCI in either a single continuous statement or in separate consecutive statements. The guidance does not change the components of net income or OCI
 when OCI should be reclassified to net income
 or the earnings per share (EPS) calculation. This guidance did not have an impact our results of operations or financial position.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;In fiscal 2013
 we adopted new accounting guidance intended to simplify indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment testing. Entities are allowed to perform a qualitative assessment of indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment to determine whether a quantitative assessment is necessary. We adopted this guidance for our annual indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment test for fiscal 2013
 which was conducted as of the first day of the third quarter. The adoption of this guidance did not have an impact on our results of operations or financial position. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;In fiscal 2012



 we adopted new accounting guidance on the consolidation model for VIEs. The guidance requires companies to qualitatively assess the determination of the primary beneficiary of a VIE based on whether the company (1) has the power to direct matters that most significantly impact the VIE's economic performance
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 3
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18780-107790
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18726-107790
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Principles Board Opinion (APB)
 -Number 22
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18861-107790
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18743-107790
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 235
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 5
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6367646&amp;loc=d3e18854-107790











In Millions
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified












The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 95
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 30
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.18)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 9
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.22)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 130
 -Paragraph 10
 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 220
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 6
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=20435746&amp;loc=d3e565-108580
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 19
 -Article 5
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 230
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 28
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6943989&amp;loc=d3e3602-108585
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Other Comprehensive Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6519514
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Net Income
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6518256
Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 12: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph A7
 -Appendix A
Reference 13: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB)
 -Number 51
 -Paragraph 38
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 14: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 15: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913
Reference 16: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number 87-21
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number 07-4
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 128
 -Paragraph 171
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 128
 -Paragraph 40
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 10
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7655603&amp;loc=d3e1448-109256
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 128
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Weighted-Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6528421



Incremental share effect from restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 and other
The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number 07-4
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 16
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7655603&amp;loc=d3e1505-109256
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 128
 -Paragraph 40
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 128
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 942
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.23)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879574&amp;loc=d3e536633-122882
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 128
 -Paragraph 36
 37
 38
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number 07-4
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6371337&amp;loc=d3e3550-109257
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7655603&amp;loc=d3e1252-109256
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 18
 -Article 7
Reference 8: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 5
Reference 9: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 21
 -Article 9
Reference 10: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 55
 -Paragraph 52
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=16381557&amp;loc=d3e4984-109258
Reference 11: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 944
 -SubTopic 225
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-04.19)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6879464&amp;loc=d3e573970-122913

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF)
 -Number 07-4
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 225
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 2
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.21)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6880815&amp;loc=d3e20235-122688
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 260
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 45
 -Paragraph 2
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7655603&amp;loc=d3e1252-109256
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 18
 -Article 7
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 128
 -Paragraph 11
 12
 36
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 6: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 03
 -Paragraph 20
 -Article 5
Reference 7: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 04
 -Paragraph 21
 -Article 9


















Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph j
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (k)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (k)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph j
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 264
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph j
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Glossary Expected Long-Term Rate of Return on Plan Assets
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6512013
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (k)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph j
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (k)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (k)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph j
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 264
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph j
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Glossary Expected Long-Term Rate of Return on Plan Assets
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6512013
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (k)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph j
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (k)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (k)(2)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph j
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 264
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph j
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Glossary Expected Long-Term Rate of Return on Plan Assets
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6512013
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (k)(3)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920













    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
One
Percentage
Point
One
Percentage
Point
Effect on the other postretirement accumulated benefit obligation as of May 26
 2013


        
Defined Benefit
Other
Postretirement
Postemployment
 4
 4
 5
 4
 4
 4
 1
 1
 5
 4
 1
 1
Plan assets less than benefit
 obligation as of fiscal year end


        
Defined Benefit
Other Postretirement
Postemployment
 (1
 (1
 (1
 (1
Amounts recorded in
 accumulated other
 (1
 (1
 (1
 (1
953.1)


        
Defined Benefit
Other Postretirement
Postemployment
 1
 1
129.0


        
Defined Benefit
Postemployment
Amortization of prior service
 costs (credits)


        
Defined Benefit
Other
Postretirement
Postemployment
Benefit Plans


        
Defined Benefit
Other Postretirement
Postemployment
Benefit Plans


        
Defined Benefit
Other Postretirement
Postemployment
Expected long-term rate of
 return on plan assets


        
May 26
May 27
Total
Total
 1
 2
 1
 2
 1
 1
 2
 1
 5
 1
 1
 4
 United States and international equity securities
 mutual funds
 commingled funds
 privately held securities
 and private equity partnerships valued at unit values or net asset values provided by the investment managers
Various methods are used to determine fair values and may include the cost of the investment
 most recent financing
xpected cash flows. For some of these investments
 fixed income securities and bond futures generally valued at closing prices from national exchanges
 fixed income pricing models
commingled funds valued at unit values provided by the investment managers
commingled funds
 private securities
 and limited partnerships valued at unit values or net asset values provided by the investment managers
Global balanced fund of equity
 fixed income

 a stable stream of income for retirees and to fund postretirement medical benefits. Fair values are derived from unit values provided by the investment managers
 which are generally based on the fair value of the underlying investments and contract fair values from the providers.


        
Balance as of May 27
Net Purchases
 Sales
Issuances
 and
Net
Balance as of May 26
Balance as of
May 29
Net Transfers
Net Purchases
 Sales
Issuances
 and
Net
Balance as of
May 27
Fair value activity of
Fair value activity of
 level 3 postretirement benefit plan assets


        
Defined Benefit
Other Postretirement
Benefit Plans


        
Defined
Benefit
Pension
Other
Postretirement
Benefit Plans
Medicare
Subsidy
Postemployment
Benefit
 1
512.3




        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans
 because they have yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including assumed discount rates
 amde rate increase in compensation increase.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including assumed discount rates
 rate increase in compensation increase
 and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 showing separately
 if applicable
 the effects of the following: actual return on plan assets
 foreign currency exchange rate changes
 contributions by the employer
 contributions by plan participants
 benefits paid
 business combinations
 divestitures
 settlements
 and service cost
 interest cost
 contributions by plan participants
 actuarial gains and losses
 foreign currency exchange rate changes
 benefits paid
 plan amendments
 business combinations
 divestitures
 curtailments
 settlements
 and special and contractual termination benefits.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1)
 Significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the target allocation of plan assets
 the fair value of each major category of plan assets
 and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the net gain (loss)
 net prior service cost or credit
 and net transition asset or obligation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the ultimate trend rate(s) and when that rate is expected to be achieved.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) recognized due to settlements or curtailments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































 2013

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2011

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2010

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 before tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

016.6)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Tax [Abstract]
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax:
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

855.2

567.3

798.3
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

013.6
        

274.4
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Net of Tax
 for the period
 including portion attributable to redeemable interest. Includes deferred gains (losses) on qualifying hedges
 unrealized holding gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities
 minimum pension liability
 and cumulative translation adjustment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but excludes any and all transactions which are directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which are directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph A1
 A4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before reclassification adjustments
 resulting from the process of expressing in the reporting currency of the reporting entity those amounts that are denominated or measured in a different currency
 and from transactions whose terms are denominated in a currency other than the entity's functional currency.
              
 -Paragraph 13
 20
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of reclassification adjustments
 on the result from the process of expressing in the reporting currency of the reporting entity those amounts that are denominated or measured in a different currency.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 23
 24
 25
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 17
 19
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 17
 19
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph c
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 when the entities to the transaction are consolidated
 combined
 or accounted for by the equity method in the reporting enterprise's financial statements; and gain (loss) on a derivative instrument or nonderivative financial instrument that may give rise to a foreign currency transaction gain (loss) that has been designated and qualified as a hedging instrument for hedging of the foreign currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation.
              
 -Subparagraph (b
d)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 18
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 31
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 18
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 31
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before reclassification adjustments
 of the change in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges. Also includes an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 17
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (e
f)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    



















In Millions
 unless otherwise specified




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (s)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 158
 -Paragraph 7
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph s
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (s)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 158
 -Paragraph 7
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph s
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (s)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 158
 -Paragraph 7
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph s
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (s)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 158
 -Paragraph 7
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph s
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (s)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 158
 -Paragraph 7
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph s
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (s)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 158
 -Paragraph 7
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph s
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

















Percentage of fair value of investments (categorized by debt securities
 equity securities
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e2446-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (d)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Defined Benefit Plan
 Weighted-Average Asset Allocations





Percentage of fair value of investments (categorized by debt securities
 equity securities
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e2446-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (d)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Defined Benefit Plan
 Weighted-Average Asset Allocations



Percentage of fair value of investments (categorized by debt securities
 equity securities
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e2446-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (d)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Defined Benefit Plan
 Weighted-Average Asset Allocations



Percentage of fair value of investments (categorized by debt securities
 equity securities
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e2446-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (d)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Defined Benefit Plan
 Weighted-Average Asset Allocations



Percentage of fair value of investments (categorized by debt securities
 equity securities
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e2446-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (d)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Defined Benefit Plan
 Weighted-Average Asset Allocations





Percentage of fair value of investments (categorized by debt securities
 equity securities
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e2446-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (d)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Defined Benefit Plan
 Weighted-Average Asset Allocations



Percentage of fair value of investments (categorized by debt securities
 equity securities
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e2446-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (d)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Defined Benefit Plan
 Weighted-Average Asset Allocations



Percentage of fair value of investments (categorized by debt securities
 equity securities
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph (c)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e2446-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (d)(1)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(1)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Defined Benefit Plan
 Weighted-Average Asset Allocations










In Millions
 unless otherwise specified











































Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Transfers in and out of Level 3. For example
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (d)(iv)(02)(C)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph (c)(iv)(02)(C)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e2446-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(iii)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

Purchases
 sales
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (d)(iv)(02)(B)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph (c)(iv)(02)(B)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e2446-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(ii)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Purchases
 Sales Issuances
 and Settlements (Net)
Actual return on plan assets
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (d)(iv)(02)(A)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph (c)(iv)(02)(A)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e2446-114920

Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph d(iv)(b)(i)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 4: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 30
 -Section 35
 -Paragraph 50
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6867990&amp;loc=d3e12355-114930
Reference 5: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 87
 -Paragraph 49
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.













    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


State and local income taxes
 net of federal tax benefits
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Other
 net
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of the federal tax benefit (expense) thereon
 recorded during the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

















 Risk Management Activities
 and Fair Values (Schedule of unallocated corporate items) (Details)


040703 - Disclosure - Financial Instruments
 Risk Management Activities
In Millions
 unless otherwise specified




Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4C
 -Subparagraph (e)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5624171-113959
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 133
 -Paragraph 44
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.


Amount of unrealized gain (loss) recognized in earnings related to the fair value of the hedged item in a price risk fair value hedge
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 815
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 4C
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=7476318&amp;loc=SL5624171-113959

Financial Instruments
 Risk Management Activities
 and Fair Values (Schedule of unallocated corporate items) (Details) (USD $)










In Millions
 unless otherwise specified



Defined Benefit Plan
 Information About Plan Assets
For defined benefit pension plans
 the actuarial present value of benefits (whether vested or nonvested) attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered before a specified date and based on employee service and compensation (if applicable) before that date. The accumulated benefit obligation differs from the projected benefit obligation in that it includes no assumption about future compensation levels. For plans with flat-benefit or nonpay-related pension benefit formulas
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Accumulated Benefit Obligation
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6503844
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (e)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph e
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.



Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 70
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6414718&amp;loc=d3e28014-114942
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.

The shares or units in an ESOP trust that have been assigned to individual participant accounts based on a known formula. IRS rules require allocations to be nondiscriminatory generally based on compensation
 length of service
 or a combination of both. For any particular participant such shares or units may be vested
 unvested
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 718
 -SubTopic 40
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (d)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6418621&amp;loc=d3e17540-113929
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher AICPA
 -Name Statement of Position (SOP)
 -Number 93-6
 -Paragraph 53
 -Subparagraph d
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.


Defined Contribution Plan
 Employer Discretionary Contribution Amount
The assumed health care cost trend rate for the next year used to measure the expected cost of benefits covered by the plan (gross eligible charges). This is based upon the annual rate of change in the cost of health care benefits currently provided by the postretirement benefit plan
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (l)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph l
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Glossary Health Care Cost Trend Rate
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6514820

Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (l)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 132R
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph l
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.



Defined Benefit Plan
 Information About Plan Assets


Actual return on plan assets attributable to unrealized gains and losses
 separately identifying the amount related to assets still held at the reporting date for level 3 assets.


Defined Benefit Plan
 Information About Plan Assets
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (d)(i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph (c)(i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e2446-114920



Defined Benefit Plan
 Information About Plan Assets
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (d)(i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph (c)(i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e2446-114920



Defined Benefit Plan
 Information About Plan Assets
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (d)(i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph (c)(i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e2446-114920


United States Pension Plans of US Entity
United States Pension Plans of US Entity
 Defined Benefit [Member]
Defined Benefit Plan
 Information About Plan Assets



Defined Benefit Plan
 Information About Plan Assets


Actual return on plan assets attributable to unrealized gains and losses
 separately identifying the amount related to assets still held at the reporting date for level 3 assets.


Defined Benefit Plan
 Information About Plan Assets
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (d)(i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph (c)(i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e2446-114920



Defined Benefit Plan
 Information About Plan Assets
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (d)(i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph (c)(i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e2446-114920



Defined Benefit Plan
 Information About Plan Assets
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (d)(i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e1928-114920
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 715
 -SubTopic 20
 -Section 50
 -Paragraph 5
 -Subparagraph (c)(i)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=21915506&amp;loc=d3e2446-114920











In Millions
 except Per Share data
 unless otherwise specified




Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 30
 -Article 5
Common stock
 shares issued
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (FAS)
 -Number 129
 -Paragraph 4
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 3: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 30
 -Article 5
Common stock
 par value
Reference 1: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher FASB
 -Name Accounting Standards Codification
 -Topic 210
 -SubTopic 10
 -Section S99
 -Paragraph 1
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
29)
 -URI http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&amp;oid=6877327&amp;loc=d3e13212-122682
Reference 2: http://www.xbrl.org/2003/role/presentationRef
 -Publisher SEC
 -Name Regulation S-X (SX)
 -Number 210
 -Section 02
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Article 5
Common stock in treasury
 shares












    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

182.5

750.8

592.8


        
        

616.7
        


        
        
        
        


Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation
        
        
        


        

622.2

182.5

750.8



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

813.2

142.9

098.3


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation
        
        
        


        

841.4

813.2

142.9



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation
        
        
        


        

387.0
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 which is the cumulative amount paid and (if applicable) the fair value of any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree
 adjusted for any amortization recognized prior to the adoption of any changes in generally accepted accounting principles (as applicable) and for any impairment charges
 in excess of the fair value of net assets acquired in one or more business combination transactions.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C86$P86)B-U\X.6
Q7S1B831?.68V8U\S8C8U
M
6



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C86$P86)B-U\X.6,Q7S1B831?.68V8U\S
M8C8U,6,T.&1D8CD-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8V%A
M
&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T8F$T7SEF-F-?





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


241!5$5$
M7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?14%2/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?0T]-/]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T]
241!
M5$5$7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%1513/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%15137U!A/]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T]
241!
M5$5$7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?5$]4/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H







&-E;%=O<FMS




O4VAE970Q
#I.86UE/@T*
M(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O4VAE
M970Q







M(#QX.DYA;64^1DE.04Y#24%

T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


M7TY/3D-/3E123TQ

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T
3@N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7

O4VAE


#I.86UE/E)%5$E2


O4VAE970R
M



#I.86UE/@T*
M(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O4VAE



M/E%505)415)
5]O9E]3:6=N:69I8V%N

M968]



M($A2968]






#I7;W)K<VAE
M9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T
S


M='










M;F-O;65?5&%X97-?5&%B;&5S/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

















M:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4W5M




\+W@Z








#I.86UE/E)E<W1R
M=6-T=7)I;F=?26UP86ER;65N=%]A;F1?3S



M


O4VAE970U
M


M:&5R7TEN=&%N9VEB;&5S

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@




M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K






&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@

M971S+U-H965T-C








M:&5E='


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E





O4VAE970W







M-S8N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC



#I.86UE/E)E=&ER96UE;G1?0F5N969I='-?86YD7U!O<W1E;3(\+W@Z


M7T)E;F5F:71S7V%N9%]0;W-T96TS/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H





#I7
M;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T.#
N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7;W)K




O4VAE970X








M.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4F5T:7)E;65N=%]96YE



3PO



O4VAE970Y
M




O4VAE


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\






96%S97-?3W1H
M97)?0V]M;6ET;65N='-?86YD7T
R/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H





O4VAE970Q




2YH






&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@
M(#QX.DYA;64^4W5P<&QE;65N=&%L7TEN9F]R;6%T:6]N7U-C:&5D/]X.DYA


3`V+FAT;6PB+SX-



O4VAE970Q





&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X
M8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4V-H961U;&5?24E?1&5T86EL


M($A2968]

M95-H965T/C`\+W@Z06-T:79E4VAE970^#0H@(#QX.E!R;W1E8W13=')U8W1U

M:V)O;VL^#0H\+WAM;#X\(5ME;F1I9ETM+3X-CPO:&5A9#X-B`@/&)O9'D^


M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C86$P86)B-U\X.6,Q7S1B831?.68V
M8U\S8C8U,6,T.&1D8CD-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M8V%A
&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T8F$T7SEF-F-?

M='
O4VAE970P
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

3X\+W1H/@T*



M/DIU;BX@
30L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^3F]V+B`R
RP@
C`Q

]



]

M86QI9VX]


]



M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y-87D@,C8L#0H)3(P
3
\




]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(')E9VES=')A;G0@;F%M93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

4R!)3D






]















]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@
'0^3&%R9V4@







]
T1R93X-

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
C8L
S







M4&5R:6]D($9O8W5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#Y&

]
T1T97AT



]

M14U%3E13($]&($5!4DY)3D=3(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G
L(&5X

]

#$S

]
T1T:#Y-87D@
CDL(#(P
M


241!5$5$(%-4051%345.5%
@3T8@14%23DE.1U


]



T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S



]

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#
U



]
T1N=6UP/C
L-34R+C


X


]


]




]





BPU-C(N-#QS


]



]
M




]



M;FEN9W











M



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
2PX-34N


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PW.3@N



]


]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
BXT




T1T


Q7S1B831?.68V
M8U\S8C8U
6





SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*



C`Q

]

]


]



]

M96%R;FEN9W






]


]


]






]

]
T1N=6UP








T1T
M;W`^2&5D9V4@9&5R:79A=&EV97


]



M;VX@=&\@96%R;FEN9W


]

]

M9B!L;W-S97

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@




I+!N970@;V8@=&%X/]T9#X-B`@(`@

]






]

]





3






&%B8C=?.#EC
M
5\T8F$T7SEF-F-?
V(V-3%C-#AD9&(Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-A83!A8F(W7S@Y8S%?-&)A-%\Y9C9C7S-B-C4Q8S0X9&1B



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V



2!R



@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P

]
T1T
M:#Y-87D@




M:79A;&5N='



]



T1T;W`^1&5F97)R






W+C8\

M-3@N




T1T;W`^3&%N9P@8G5I;&1I;F=S
M+!A;F0@97%U:7!M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M






34N
M

]







]
T1R93X-


]

]
M


2PT
C
N


]
T1R93X-


2PT-#
N





]

M=7)R96YT(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


2PT



M97


M1&YU;7`^-2PY
C8N


]

2PS.#DN



]



RPS-C8N


]



]
T1P

]



T1T;W`^0V]M
M;6]N('-T;V-K+`W-30N-B!S:&%R97,@:7-S=65D+`D
XQ,!P87(@=F%L






]




]














M


]



M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C86$P86)B-U\X.6
Q7S1B831?.68V8U\S
M8C8U
6

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O



M04Y#12!32$5%5%

M;&EO;G

]
M
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S
M/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(W+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

C`Q


]

]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N
M('-T;V-K+!S:&%R97
@:7-S=65D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S









]






]

M($5154E462!!3D0@4D5$145-04)
12!)3E1%4D535`H55-$(0I/&)R/DEN




]


]
M
T1T:#Y2961E96UA8FQE($EN=&5R97-T(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@

^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT






]


]


]


]



T1T


M














]


BPV
34N


M

M;3XH




T1T;W`^16YD:6YG($)A;&%N8V4L($-O;6UO;B!3=&]C

C`Q








]


]


]













M





M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#$V


]




]
M

]
M
T1N=6T^*#






L('9A;'5E


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R





]


]



]

]
T1N









#4N


]


\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



^#0H@(`@(`@


BXR















CDL(#(P

]
T1N



M92!A=!-87DN(#(Y+`R
#$Q/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$















M1&YU;3XH-S






]




M/3-$;G5M/B@X
#`N




M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@X
#`N


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S
3



]


]


]




M/3-$;G5M/B@X+C






L('9A;'5E






]


]



]

@*&EN8VQU9&5S(&EN8V]M92!T87@@8F5N
M969I='






]


]


]

M:R!A=V%R9'








]



]

]


]


]



]



]



]



T1T;W`^16YD:6YG($)A


C`Q
CPO=&0^


T1T;W`^16YD:6YG










]









]


]


]


]



]


]

]



]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


]


]


]







]


]








]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C0V-BXQ


M




]


]


]

@
M*&EN8VQU9&5S(&EN8V]M92!T87@@8F5N969I='
I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@













]


]


T1T;W`^16%R;F5D(&-O;7!E

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]











]


]


]


]



]


]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#(S*3QS


T1T;W`^


M
C`Q


T1T




]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$L-3@U+C


]


]

C`Q
M

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^

3$S



M/B@Q
3

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C86$P86)B-U\X.6
Q7S1B831?
M.68V8U\S8C8U
6

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS



M140@4U1!5$5-14Y44R!/1B!43U1!3!%455)5%D@04Y$(%)%1$5%34%3$4@



]
T1T:#Y-87D@
M

3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y








]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L


2PP












M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C86$P86)B-U\X.6,Q7S1B831?.68V
M8U\S8C8U,6,T.&1D8CD-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M8V%A
&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T8F$T7SEF-F-?

M='





@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P

]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L
M(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(W

M.2P@
C`Q

]

\+W-T

]



T1T;W`^3F5T(&5A














]







M1&YU;7`^
3`X+C


#4N

]
M




T1T;W`^5&%X



]



]

M;G

]
T1N=6T^*#(R
BXR

]


S$N



]






2XS*3QS

]


]
T1N=6UP/C0W


M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W



]
T1N=6UP/C

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y-2D\









@;V8@;&%N9P@8G5I;&1I;F=S+!A;F0@97%U:7!M
M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V
3

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@V-S4N


]

]



M
T1T;W`^26YV97-T;65N=!I;B!A9F9I;&%T97,L(&YE=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@


]

]
T1R93X-


BXR/'-P


]




]

]
T1N=6UP/C$V



M=&]P/D5X8VAA;F=E86)L92!N;W1E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

M/3-$;G5M/B@Q





C`N



]
M



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]




2PP
#$N



T1T;W`^4&%Y



2PT-3`N



\+W1D/@T*

C




]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P







]
T1N=6T^*#$L









]
T1N=6T^*#0N


]




T1T;W`^3F5T


2PQ-#`N





M

]
T1N





M1&YU;7`^








]







@86YD($QI86)I;&ET:65S







]
T1N=6T^*#(T+C(I/'-P



]

M1&YU;7`^



M-C0N



T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='




]
T1N
M=6T^*#





M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C86$P86)B-U\X.6
Q7S1B831?.68V8U\S8C8U
M
6






M/D)!4TE3($]&(%!215-%3E1!5$E/3B!!3D0@4D5#3$%34TE&24-!5$E/3E
\





]
M

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^0D%325,@3T8@4%)%4T5.5$%424].($%.1!214-
05-3249)











M3D0@4D5#3$%34TE&24-!5$E/3E




M:6
[;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z


M(&%C8V]U;G1S(&]F($=E;F5R86P@36EL;'


3!P=#LG/FAA











3!P=#LG


'!T



3I4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[)SXR
#$\+V9O;G0^






CPO



@





3!P=#LG/B`\+V9O;G0^







3!P=#LG



M

C`Q
RP\+V9O


T0G








@;F]T(&UA



3!P=#LG/B!R97-U;'1S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO
M;G











M5&EM97





N02Y3+CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

@3F5W(%)O

F4Z
M,3!P=#LG/B!3+D$N(@\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]


3!P=#LG/G)E;6%I


M


M






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C86$P86)B-U\X.6
Q7S1B831?
M.68V8U\S8C8U
6

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS


M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


T0Q/C$R($UO

]



T1T;W`^4U5-34%2

M;'DZ5&EM97




M



M97%U:79A;&5N='



M97







'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T

@3F5W




M9G0Z






3)P=#L@


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB





T0G







@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M




@87)E(')E=&%I;F5D(&EN(&)U:6QD

M96T@:7

@87)E(')E;&EE


3!P=#LG/F5L

L(&EF

N($%S(&]F(#PO9F]N



M






@86YD(&%R92!L87)G96QY(&EN9&5P96YD






M;&4]




G!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O



3!P=#LG/B`\+V9O

3)P=#L@


3!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP


M;F5V97(@979E;G1S(&]R(&-H86YG97








N($EF('1H


@:7


@:7









@3F5W(%)O


M97








3!P=#MM87)G:6XM



M=F5D+B!296%C:&EN9R!A(&1E=&5R;6EN871I;VX@;VX@=7-E9G5L(&QI9F4@


@9F%C=&]R




N($EN=&%N










M;BUT;W`Z



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M




M93II=&%L:6


@3F5W



'!T






[)SY/;&0@16P@4&%S;SPO




3!P=#LG/BP@

M








C`Q




M







@=VAI




M86UI;'DZ5&EM97



L


@;F\@:6UP86ER









@=&AA;B!T:&4@


M


M97



M='




M;W1T;VTZ




M('-T871E9!A=!C;W-T('!L=7
@;W5R('-H87)E(&]F('5N9&ES=')I8G5T
M960@96%R;FEN9W







M;6%T97)I86QS+!S96UI+69I;FES:&5D(&=O;V1S+!A;F0@9FEN:7-H960@
M9V]O9'

M




M







@:6X@96%R
M;FEN9W




T0G

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


6QE/3-$)V9O

3!P=#LG/F5V

L






@87)E('5N8V5R=&%I



F4Z,3!P=#LG/B`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y
M;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97

M


M=&\@:71S(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@:68@=V4@8V]N8VQU9&4\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


M;G0@:7


'!T.R!M87)G

M97


M/D]N($IU;'D@
2P@
C`Q
2P@=V4@86-Q=6ER960@82`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


M5&EM97











T0G9F]N

@




M5&EM97









'!T



M






M




F4Z,3!P
M=#LG/FED871E9!86QA;F-E(%,\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97


M='


3!P=#LG/D-O;G-O;&ED871E9!86QA;F-E



T0G9F]N

@3F5W


M



3!P=#LG


M87-S=6UP=&EO;G



'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT



M-BP@
C`Q





@3F5W(%)O














@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O




3!P=#LG/E9)17
@9'5R








3)P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP













L('5S92P@=F%L=64M861D960L
F5D(&EN
M(')E=F5N=64N($-O=7!O;G
@87)E(')E8V]R9&5D('=H96X@9&ES=')I8G5T




M=&]M97)S(&]R(&]U=&QE='
N(%)E8V5I=F%B;&5S(&9R;VT@8W5S=&]M97)S


@:6X@;W5R(&5X:7-T:6YG(')E8V5I

M=&$N($%C8V]U;G0@8F%L86YC97





3!P=#LG





T0G;6%R

'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^/'`@


'!T)SX\







M93HQ

M8W1I;VX@8V]S='


M



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.V9O;G0M


@:6X@=&AE('EE87(@:6YC=7)R
M960N(%(F86UP.T0@:6YC;'5D97







M
'!T)SXF(S$V







'!T.R!M87)G:6XM

@









\


M97


M;'DZ5&EM97




@3F5W(%)O


T0G

'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^


'!T







M





@9&5S

M97




M;G




M93HQ

@:6X@=&AE

@3F5W(%)O;6%N














M






3!P=#LG/FL@;W!T:6]N(&=R
F4Z,3!P=#LG/B!;&%C:RT\+V9O




6QE/3-$

3!P=#LG


3!P=#LG
M/BD@97AP96YS97




M

T0G


3!P=#LG/G
\+V9O;G0^/&9O




3!P=#LG




3I4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[
M9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[)SX@;W(@9&5A=&@@;V8@96QI9VEB;&4@96UP;&]Y





M(&ES(&%C:&EE=F5D+!I9B!L97-S('1H86X@=&AE('-T871E9!V97-T:6YG

'!T




'!T

M



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.V9O;G0M






M;W1T;VTZ





M92!E;7!L;WEE97





M87





@:6X@=&AE('EE87(@:6X@=VAI8V@@=&AE(&-H86YG97
@;V-C

M5&EM97










\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


M9G0Z

M(%-T871E;65N='




L('9A;'5A=&EO;B!O9B!L;VYG







M;BUB;W1T;VTZ



M06-C;W5N=&EN9R!3=&%N9&%R9'

T0G9F]N


M9FES8V%L(#(P
3


M92!I;F-O;64@*$]#22DN(%1H:7

@96YT:71I
M97



M;G-E8W5T:79E('-T871E;65N='



M;'1S(&]F(&]P97)A=&EO;G



M;VTZ
'!T)SXF(S$V



'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

M:71I97



C`Q
RP@


M97)A=&EO;G

M)B



M5&EM97


M(&]F('1H92!G=6ED86YC92!D:60@;F]T(&AA=F4@86X@:6UP86-T(&]N(&]U

@;W(@9FEN86YC:6%L(&-O;F1I=&EO



M(#(P



'!T.R!M87)G:6XM

M

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97




3!P=#LG



M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O



M97)A=&EO;G



'!T)SXF
M(S$V


M;W1T;VTZ





M;&4Z+R\O0SHO8V%A
&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T8F$T7SEF-F-?
V(V-3%C-#AD9&(Y

O4VAE970Q
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7


]

]

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(V+`R

]
T1T

]


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H







'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


3!P=#LG/EEO:VD\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@







M93HQ


L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!S;F%C:W
L
M(&-O;G9E;FEE;G0@;65A;'







@

@;V8@)#(U
RXP(&UI;&QI;VXN($9I




#$R+!W92!A8W%U:7)E9!A(#4Q




2XR(&)I;&QI;VXL(&EN
M8VQU9&EN9R`D
C8Q+C








M





3!P=#LG/BP@
C`Q
RP@)#$V
M+C(@;6EL;&EO;B!O9B!T:&4@97AC:&%N9V5A8FQE(&YO=&4@:&%S(&)E96X@



&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T
M8F$T7SEF-F-?
V(V-3%C-#AD9&(Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V-A83!A8F(W7S@Y8S%?-&)A-%\Y9C9C7S-B-C4Q8S0X9&1B.2]7



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5-13X-B`@(`@(#QT

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(V+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@



]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4D535%)50U154DE.1RP@
M24U004E2345.5P@04Y$($]42$52($58250@0T]35%
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



M
F4Z,3!P=#MF
M;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.R<^+B`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N
M=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97

'!T.V9O;G0M
M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[)SY215-44E5#5%5224Y'+!)35!!25)-14Y4+!!3D0@





T0G9F]N






M=&EV:71I97



@3F5W



\+V9O


@



M









3
L



T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P





T0G=VED




M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`Q.2XX/]F

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
X.'!X

7!X


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G;6%R9VEN


M



M93HQ




M




@3F5W





3!P=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/&9O



@3F5W(%)O;6%N






M:7-C86P@

M5&EM97



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O



F4Z,3!P=#LG/DEN(&9I<V-A;`R
M

@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M




M;BUB;W1T;VTZ
'!T)SXF(S$V

T0G;6%R9VEN+71O

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT







M



M;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
Y

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA






M;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
Y



P
#`P
#`[)SY$:7-C;VYT:6YU871I;VX@




'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#
Y
7!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D-H87)G97
@87-S;V-I

W!X

M=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M(S`P
#`P





M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q

M9G0Z

3(L('=E(')E8V]R9&5D(&$@)#$P




@;VX@:V5Y




M26X@8V]N;F5C=&EO;B!W:71H('1H:7
@:6YI=&EA=&EV92P@=V4@96QI;6EN

@9VQO8F%L;'DN(%1H
M92!R97




M+E













3!P=#MM87)G

C`Q


'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M

M;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US

M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
Y


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T



P
#`P

M(S$V


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I
M9'1H.C
Y


P
#`P
#`[)SY$




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXD/]F

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I

M0T]





7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R



P
#`P
M
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
Y


P
M
#`P

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


P
M
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#4T








C$W


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P





M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/D-O;G1R




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
3=P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M




M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#8Q

#`P
#MM:6XM


7!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ


P
#`P


M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z



T0G


P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

M
C`Q


P
#`P
#`[




M

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

3-P

M.B`V

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


P
#`P
M
#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q-W!X.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P<'0[0T]

M

T0G=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

M.B
P
#`P


M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`H,BXV*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#`N,2D\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


#`P
#MM


M9'1H.B`Q

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


P
#`P
#`[)SX@

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M


M:#H@
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G


M
#`P



#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


#LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C8Q

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`X



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
7!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@


M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V



W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q-W!X

M=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\

M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HV


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M*#$N
D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M(S`P
#`P


T0G






M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q-W!X

7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%

M
C`Q




7!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H






#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


M

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%

C`Q

M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\



7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3`N-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!

3



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M

M


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C)P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


M0T]


C8L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

M
#`P


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

P
#`P
#`[





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


P
M
#`P






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




P
#`P





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

M;&4]




G!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O







F4Z,3!P=#LG/G1H92!W<FET92T\+V9O;G0^/&9O
M;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M


M:6]D:6


M;VQI9&%T960@0F%L86YC92!3:&5E='


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]C86$P86)B-U\X.6
Q7S1B831?.68V8U\S8C8U
6
T.&1D8CDO




]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

@24X@2D])3E0@5D5.5%5215
\




M9SY)3E9%4U1-14Y44R!)3B!*3TE.5!614Y455)%4R!;06)S=')A8W1=/]S


M5$U%3E13($E.($I/24Y4(%9%3E154D53/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.VUA

@24X@2D])3E0@
M5D5.5%5215



@


M;&4]

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M

F4Z,3!P=#LG/E`\+V9O
M;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M





M;!B87)S(&EN('-E=F5R86P@175R;W!E86X@8V]U;G1R:65S(&%N9!M86YU
M9F%C='5R97




6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S



M5&EM97





L


3!P=#MF

T0G9F]N




M97


M(#



'!T)SXF(S$V

T0G;6%R9VEN


M



M93HQ







#`P





M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[)SY#=6UU;&%T:79E(&EN=F5S=&UE;G1S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M




M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M9'=I;&P@86YD(&]T:&5R(&EN=&%N9VEB;&5S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


W!X.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(S



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(#4R



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-3EP


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



P
#`P
#`[)SX@


M

T0G;6%R



'!T

@86YD

M;&4]










#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%

#MT97AT
M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(U
M.'!X.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P<'0[0T],3U(Z
M(
P
#`P


#`P





M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M=&@Z


M


M0T]


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



P
#`P
#`[



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

M

M


M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(U.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SY.970@861V86YC97
\+V9O


#`P

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-3!P


M:#H@-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[


M)W=I9'1H.B`U

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C(N
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P
M,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P



#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P
#`[)SX@


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P

Q






M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


3)P=#L@;6%R9VEN




M9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@

P
#`P
#`[;6EN
M+7=I9'1H.C(R

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



M
#`P




#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]



P
#`P






P
#`P

M/B8C



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-3%P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M







#`P


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




#`P

#L\+W1D
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U
7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(T
G!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H
M.C(T


P
#`P
#`[)SX@($-0


P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T




T0G

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R+#$U

T0G


M
#`P


P
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(T
G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C0R

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P




M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU
M


P
#`P
#`[)SX@-#(X+CD\


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI



3U(Z





\+V9O;G0^





P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED

















M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#(T



M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q+#`U-RXS


#LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3=P


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

#@T







'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M




#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M)SX@,C8P+C,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-G!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


M.B`U

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@
C4P+C

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[






M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

@869T97(@:6YC;VUE('1A






#`P
M

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,C`Q+C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[

M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C)P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HU


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M

M


#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,38T+C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B





M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/DEN

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$X





#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&


M:'0[)SY-87D@
C8L(`T*
C`Q




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\
2`R-RP-C(P

M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

P
#`P
#`[5$58

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR




#`P



P
#`P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(U.'!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


P
#`P
#`[)SY.

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

#@X+C(\+V9O;G0^


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C




M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C

'!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HU


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
2PV
M-S$N


3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[)SY.;VYC=7)R96YT(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^


#`P

Q

P
#`P
#`[)SX@




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D



&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T8F$T7SEF-F-?
V(V
M-3%C-#AD9&(Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-A83!A

M965T

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$5

12!!4U-%5%



M5TE


M5TE

]

'!T

M;'DZ5&EM97

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT
M.F)O;&0[;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z

M;&4]


3!P=#MF




12!!4U-%5%
\







P
#`P
#`[)SY);B!-:6QL:6]N

M

M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/DUA


T0G=VED=&@Z


M


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M
C`Q

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

T0G


P
#`P

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@.PV
C(N

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

3@R


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

Z/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)
M1TXZ(&QE9G0[)SX@($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S(&YO=!S=6)J96-T('1O
M(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CH\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@

T0G

M
#`P



M;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS



@86YD
M(&]T:&5R(&EN9&5F:6YI=&4M;&EV960@:6YT86YG:6)L97

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P


#`P
M


P
M
#`P



'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M:61T:#H@

M

M(S`P
#`P



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CPO


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS



M(!A;F0@;W1H97(@9FEN:71E+6QI=F5D(&EN=&%N9VEB;&5S/]F;VYT/CPO

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ

3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[)SX@-C`R+C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P



@86-C=6UU;&%T960@86UO

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(P


T0G


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(R


M:61T:#H@


M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/B`@26YT86YG:6)L92!A


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V
W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

T0G=VED=&@Z


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HR


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS


M:#H@
#L@8F]R






M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-3EP
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M






T1F


3!P
M=#L^+!A;6]R=&EZ871I;VX@97AP96YS92!F;W(@96%C:!O9B!T:&4@;F5X

M

3!P=#L^
S`\+V9O;G0^/&9O


'!T


M;&4]


3!P=#LG


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O



3!P=#LG/BP@
M86YD(#(P
3






T0G






7!X.R!B

M

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


G!X.R!B

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN



P
#`P

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B

'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P



M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M;&4]



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D)A;&%N8V4@87
@;V8@36%Y(#
P+`R,#$P/]F
#MT97AT+6%L:6=N
M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I


#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z



M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG/B`Q
C(N


M.B`Q

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX

T0G1D].

P
#`P
#`[)SX@.3(S+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS



3U(Z



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M;&]R.B
P
#`P


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Y-7!X.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Y


P
#`P
#`[)SY!8W%U:7-I
M=&EO;G



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

7!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z,7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3)P

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG/B`W


3U(Z

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P




#`P

M

P
#`P
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z
M(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
XU*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`H,2XY*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^



#`P



M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Y-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



P
#`P


M

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S


#`P



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F
M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M


G!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R

P
#`P
#`[;6EN



#`P

Q

#`P
#`P.VUI



#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4V

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M/B8C

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


#`P
M


M

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX

M;&4]

P
#`P


#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-W!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4W

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`W-XW/]F




T0G=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

CDL(#(P
3$\+V9O








#`P

M(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W-W!X.R!B;W)D



P
#`P


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q-C(N-CPO

G!X.R!B;W)D97(M



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V



#`P

M(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-W!X.R!B;W)D



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4W

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U
C0N
CPO

G!X.R!B;W)D97(M



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M)SY!8W%U:7-I=&EO;G,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[



M
#`P


P
#`P


T0G

P
M
#`P


M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@.30V+C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX

T0G

P
#`P
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
M,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M:#H@
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[


M)W=I9'1H.B`U-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z
M(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P

M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V
'0M
M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,7!X
M.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


T0G



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ






M.B`Q

M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P







6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

7!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
7!X




#`P
M


P
M
#`P

T0G=VED


P
M
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


D\+V9O;G0^/]T




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ.35P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

M:61T:#H@

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


M
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@-2PX
3
N

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W`M=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P




#`P
M

6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X



M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Y
C$N

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W`M=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

6QE/3-$


#`P
M

6QE



M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`X+#$X



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SY!8W%U:7-I=&EO;G,\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO


#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C@N
CPO9F]N=#X\
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F
M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S-S@N.#PO9F]N
'0M86QI9VXZ
M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,7!X.R<^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C@P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-3=P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M




P
#`P

M(S$V





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D]T

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^

M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M
'0M86QI9VXZ
M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,7!X.R<^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-S=P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



M
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M9'1H.B`U-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
M,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@

M;&4]

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Y-7!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T





M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M



M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C%P


#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


M
#`P


M:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,30N-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@


G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T



P
#`P

M(S$V

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Y

M


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

C8L
M(#(P
3

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P



#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




M=&@Z


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P

M

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3)P







'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M



3)P
#L@8F]R9&5R+71O


M


P
#`P



#`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@.PV
C(N
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO

M9VEN+6QE9G0Z






'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P




M:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M




M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T







#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T

6QE/3-$)W=I

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z


#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N

M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4Y

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(P
G!X


P
#`P

C`Q

M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,RPR,#8N-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T



#`P




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-#0U+C,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P








#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

M

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

Y+C

T0G

P
M
#`P



#`P
M


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

M:61T:#H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M




#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P
#`[)SX@-#4N


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


W!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

6QE/3-$)W=I

#`P
M


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;&4]



#`P



#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
M
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@


M;&4]




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P








'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

M:#H@


M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL







'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M

W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



P
#`P

M(S$V

#MT97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P

M)B


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-7!X



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW


P
#`P
#`[)SX@-#DW+CD\



M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
35P


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$T


T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#(P
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[
M;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(P


P
#`P
M
#`[)SY!8W%U:7-I=&EO;G

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


T0G


M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M.B
P
#`P




#`P

M

P
#`P
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z
M(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(P
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(P



P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

6QE/3-$)W=I

#`P
M


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;&4]



#`P



#`P



M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

P
#`P
#`[;6EN
M+7=I9'1H.C(P


P
#`P
#`[



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW


P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#
N-RD\


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI



3U(Z



7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H





M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(P
G!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D)A;&%N8V4@87
@;V8@


T0G=VED

#`P
M



M=&@Z

#`P
#MM



#`P
#`P



#`P
M


P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@
2PS-#0N



M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M



P
#`P
#`[



T0G


M
#`P



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\



M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO


#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB
M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S
3`N-SPO9F]N=#X\

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
M
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL


#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB
M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-'!X


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR








'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED


M;&4]


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W-7!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



P
#`P


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW






P
#`P

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W`M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I

#`P
#MM









P
#`P
#`[




P
#`P
#`[)SX@
2PV
S@N


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\


G!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

#$U+C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^


M86)B-U\X.6
Q7S1B831?.68V8U\S8C8U
6


M(&-O;G1E;G0]


M/3-$




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'


]

M3E-44E5-14Y44RP@4DE32R!-04Y!1T5-14Y4($%#5$E6251)15



'!T)SX\











M86UI;'DZ5&EM97

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I



'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T


G!T.R!M

M5&EM97

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O
M;&0[;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z




@



M;&4]










#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%

M;&4]

M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$R

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z


P
M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R

@1V%I;G





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%

;W-S97

P
M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT


T0G=VED

M=VED=&@Z


P
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M36EL;&EO;G

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[


M(S`P
#`P



W!X

7!X


T0G=VED


3U(Z





#`P

M

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3-P


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M0T]







M;&]R.B
P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ






P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M:#H@
6QE




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

C`Q

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

T0G

P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P-'!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D%V86EL


#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P
M

6QE



M(S`P
#`P



M.B
P
#`P






#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\



M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M



M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M)B


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
W!X


M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0Y

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T.7!X

7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$P-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P


P
#`P

P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M

P
#`P




#`P

#L\

P
#`P
#`[

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P


#`P

M)SXF(S$V

P
#`P


M93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`P+C$\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ





W!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ


M0T]


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

#`P
M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U.7!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P



#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
2XX/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M9'1H.B`Q

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P





M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z

T0G=VED


M;&4]


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T.7!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0Y

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z


M


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@








'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
W!X


P
#`P



#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@-30N



P
#`P
#`[




M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4






P
#`P
#`[)SX@
30P+C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

'0M86QI
M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





M;W`M=VED=&@Z







'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)

M
#`P





M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\


G!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;BUT;W`Z(#!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@








T0G


@


@9&5P96YD


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M





M











M:71I97

@9F]L





#`P

38P

P
#`P
M

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)




#`P
#`P


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[


M(S`P
#`P




M0T]


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$T

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.


#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P
#`[
M)SX@
3

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT

M;&4]

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
BXR/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Y.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



P
#`P


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P







M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P

M)B



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Y

M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


W!X.R!B;W)D97(M



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P






F4Z
M,3!P=#LG/F%R:V5T86)L92!S96-U<FET:65S(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL





6EN9R!A;6]U;G0\




3!P=#LG/B!M:6QL



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O


C`Q
RX@5&AE(&9A:7(@
M=F%L=64@;V8@;&]N9RUT97)M(&1E8G0@=V%S(&5S=&EM871E9#PO9F]N=#X\





@8F%S




3!P



M+6)O='1O;3H@
#LG/E))4TL@34%.04=%345.5!!0U1)



3!P=#LG/F-H(&%S(&-H86YG97







3!P=#LG/B!C;VUM;V1I







'!T


M/B8C


















M=&EV97




M('1H92!C:&%N9V5S(&EN('1H92!V86QU97

M97



@87)E(&5F9F5C=&EV92!I;B!A8VAI






@96%R;FEN9W
N($%T

@9G)O







M;BUB;W1T;VTZ
'!T)SXF(S$V

T0G;6%R9VEN+71O

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


3!P=#LG

3
3I4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[)SX@


3!P=#LG/B!I;F-L=61E
6QE/3-$8F]R




#`P

38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0W(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




P
#`P

M:#H@


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

\+V9O




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$S


#`P
#MM:6XM



W!X.R!B;W)D




T0G=VED=&@Z(#4P



#$R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@




M:61T:#H@


#`P
M



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)




#`P





W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU
M


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
38P+C
\



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



#`P

M)SXF(S$V

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

U

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


M:#H@


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ

3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[)SX@*#$N-RD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

M;&4]

P
#`P





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

P
#`P
#`[;6EN
M+7=I9'1H.C


P
#`P
#`[


M9'1H.B`Q

M=VED=&@Z


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


M;&4]
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-W!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C)P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ


P
#`P
#`[5$58



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].

P
#`P
#`[)SX@.34N

'!X


T0G



3!P=#LG/B`\+V9O;G0^/&9O



M
F4Z,3!P=#LG/C0\+V9O;G0^/&9O
M;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M





3!P=#LG/B0R
CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL






F5D


3!P

M;W`Z


3!P=#MF;VYT




'!T)SXF(S$V

T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F





@3F5W(%)O;6%N









M8V4@8F5T=V5E;B!F:7AE9UR871E(&%N9!F;&]A=&EN9RUR871E(&EN=&5R
M97-T(&%M;W5N='
@8F%S960@;VX@86X@86=R965D('5P;VX@;F]T:6]N86P@

M;BUT;W`Z(#!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@



@3F5W(%)O








@



F4Z,3!P=#LG/B`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y
M;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97

M






M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z

M97
@)B
X

M87!S(&%R92!A8V-O=6YT960@9F]R(&%S(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@:&5D9V5S('=I



@

M;7
@86YD(&UA='5R:71I97

@;F5T(&EN=&5R97-T+B!4:&4@



@3F5W



#$S+`R,#$R/]F;VYT




M



M

C`Q
M

XP(&UI;&QI;VX@;V8@/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT


F4Z,3!P=#LG
M/B!W:71H(&%N(&%V97)A9V4@9FEX960@<F%T92!O9B`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@
M<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97

M93HQ

2XY-3PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

3`N-7!T.R!M87)G

M97



C`Q
RP@=V4@

M;V8@


3`N-7!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O



3
L(&EN(&%D=F%N8V4@

M;R`D



M
3
L(&-O:6YC:61E;G0@=VET:!T:&4@:7-S=6%N8V4@;V8@;W5R(0U
#`N
M




C`Q


6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;BUT;W`Z
3`N-7!T.R!M87)G

M97



3$L(&9I


M


M;VXL(0S,#`N,!M:6QL:6]N+!A;F0@)#(P,XP(&UI;&QI;VX@;V8@9F]R




3$N($%S(&]F



M

@3F5W(%)O




M;BUT;W`Z


'!T

C`Q
RP@82`D
34N





S`M

Q-C`[
2P@
C`Q
M



M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z


M86UI;'DZ5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O







3!P=#MM

M97
@=&AE(&YO=&EO;F%L(&%M;W5N='
@86YD('=E:6=H=&5D+6%V97)A9V4@



3!P=#LG

@
M87

6QE/3-$8F]R9&5R+6-O;&QA


P
#`P
#`[)SY);B!-:6QL


M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q.'!X.R!B

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

2`R-RP-C(P
3(\+V9O

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

M;V%T:6YG('-W87!S(T@;F]T:6]N86P@86UO=6YT/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D

P
#`P



M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P
#LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ.'!X


P
#`P



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HR




#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ



M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P
#`[)SX@

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$X

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z





M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C)P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M0T]

P
#`P




M


P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P


3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#LG(\^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^


'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P


G!T.R!M87)G:6XM

@






@;3PO9F]N=#X\




F4Z,3!P=#LG/B!T;R`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@
M<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97

M93HQ


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M


M9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@



M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$S


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I



M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P






#`P


3



T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$S

M=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z
3

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+71O<US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M=&]P

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


T0G=VED

#`P
#`P



P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P


M9'1H.B`Q

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[)SXR


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3

M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


T0G

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$S

M

P
#`P


#`P

M

P
#`P

M




M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`U-3`N,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T




M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+71O<US='EL93IS;VQI



M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@


'!T

T0G;6%R9VEN



'!T.V9O
M;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z





@




@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M





@;W(@

3@@;6]N=&AS


M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z


T0G



M;&4]

M5&EM97



M

M;'DZ5&EM97


M9FES8V%L(#(P
3
L(#(P









M;'DZ5&EM97







C8L(#(P
3

M97


'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M

'!T.R!M

M5&EM97

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O
M;&0[;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z





M;&%N(&%R92!R979A;'5E9#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A



M97


M86UI;'DZ5&EM97




'!T

#$\







M


T0G9F]N






3!P=#LG


C8L(#(P
M
3



3(\+V9O





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

C`Q
SPO9F]N
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R
C!P


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY-
M87D@
C8L(#(P
3



M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q-W!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)


@;V8@07-S




M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C




P
#`P

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^



#`P



M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T






P
#`P

'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T





'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P



M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M/B8C



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

#`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


M96P@

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z




M
#`P


3!P
6QE/3-$)W=I

M=VED=&@Z


T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W`M=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P


M;&4]


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\




M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M



6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
'!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z




M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

@*&$I
M(AB*2`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@

P
#`P


M93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`Q,XS



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


M

M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%

M
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M



#`P

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE


3!P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ


'!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ


#`P
#MM




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P
M,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

P
#`P
#`[

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z




#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2


C$P



6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P







P
#`P

M(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M:61T:#H@





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




7!X.V)O


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO



#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ


'!X

7!X


T0G=VED


P
#`P





P
#`P

M(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


T0G=VED

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z







M;&]R.B
P
#`P





M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



P
#`P

M(S$V



M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3!P



M:#H@

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

M9'1H.B`Q

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q


#`P

M)B



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$P


'!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ


#`P
#`P.VUI


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M

M.B
P
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ


#`P
M



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M/B8C


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



M9'1H.B`Q

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

P
#`P
M


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q
'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q



P
#`P

M='

M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ


#`P
M



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`M/]F


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z

M.B`Q

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M
#`P



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

P
#`P
#`[)SX@

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L
M;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


M:61T:#H@


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!B

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

#`P
M





M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`M




T0G=VED=&@Z(#0V


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0T

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z


M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&


'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T






P
#`P
#`[)SX@


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE


'!X.R!B;W)D97(M







P
#`P
#`[)SX@


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P


6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!B;W)D



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

M:61T:#H@





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



P
#`P
#`[;6EN
M+7=I9'1H.C(Q



#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P
M

6QE



M(S`P
#`P






#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\



M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M



6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
'!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



3U(Z


M;&]R.B
P
#`P



M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M

M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0U

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#0T

#`P
#MM:6XM


M9'1H.B`T-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M




M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q
'!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q
'!X


P
#`P

M;&4@:6YV97-T;65N='

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-#1P


T0G=VED

P
#`P
M



P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(#$T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



P
#`P

M(S$V

P
M
#`P


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SY4;W1A;`\+V9O;G0^





P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W`M=VED=&@Z





P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3
T


7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


#`P
M






M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#1P
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@
6QE




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-G!X.R!B;W)D



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

M:61T:#H@





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




7!X.V)O


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




L(&QI86)I
M;&ET:65S+!A;F0@9&5R:79A=&EV92`-B!P;W-I=&EO;G


P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([




P
#`P
#`[)SX@

M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.

T0G=VED=&@Z


P
#`P
#`[)SX@





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P








P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q.30N
M


M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z





M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




P
#`P


M=&@Z


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

P
#`P
#`[5$58


M;W`M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




3!P
M=#LG/B8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P

@87)E(')E8V]R9&5D


'!T


3!P=#LG



3!P=#LG/BP@;W1H97(@8W5R

M97(@;&EA8FEL:71I97


M=&%B;&4@:6YV97-T;65N='



T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F




#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V

@87)E(')E8V]R9&5D(&%S
M('!R97!A:60@97AP96YS97






M;BUB;W1T;VTZ



3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C



M

M





M/B8C



M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

#L\+W1D

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q-'!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HR



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#(R




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR




M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY&86ER(%9A




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B


7!X.W1E

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



3PO9F]N

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3!P


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#MM:6XM





7!X






P
#`P


M

#`P
#MM:6XM


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M


M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C
M96YT97([)SY



M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL





#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P














#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M/B8C



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT
M





M

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


T0G=VED

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P






M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M

P
#`P




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

'0M86QI9VXZ
M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I



'!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT

M

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L
M;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P





#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/E1O=&%L(#PO9F]N

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3!P


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


P
#`P
#`[)SX@

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z




#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT

M

P
#`P
#`[)SX@



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P





7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


#`P
M


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[


M(S`P
#`P



#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q,'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\
M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M



M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T

M

#`P
#MM:6XM



T0G=VED

#`P
#`P



#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


P
M
#`P





M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q
'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q



P
#`P




M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M/B8C

M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



M:#H@

T0G

M
#`P


M
#`P


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO

M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V


M:#H@

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

@*&$I(AB*2`\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0T

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



P
#`P

M(S$V





P
#`P

M(S$V



'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F
M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M



#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/]T






M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M

M.B
P
#`P


M0T]



#`P

T0G

P
#`P

'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G

P
M
#`P


M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#$N,2D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G

P
M
#`P



M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H




'!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED



M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3!P



G!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT
M


P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N
'0M86QI9VXZ
M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0T

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



P
#`P

M(S$V


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#`N,2D\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0T

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



P
#`P

M(S$V





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@.XP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT




#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L
M;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P





#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q
'!X


P
#`P
#`[)SX@($=R86EN(&-O

T0G=VED


M;&4]


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ








6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M





M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






#`P



P
#`P





6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M




T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#(Q

M;W`M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

M



M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`X+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P






P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED




7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


#`P
#MM



7!X


M.B`Q

M=&@Z


M


M0T]

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W`M=VED=&@Z






3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#,V+CDI/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HR



T0G


#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL


M.B
P
#`P





M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT


M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



P
#`P

M(S$V



M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3!P






M)W=I9'1H.B`R

'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO

M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V


M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


M-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN




M;&4]

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
3!P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

M8FQE(&EN=F5S=&UE;G1S(AA*2`H9BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U+C
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





#`P

M

P
#`P

'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P




M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P




M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO



#`P



P
#`P






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M




6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS




M;&]R.B
P
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-#1P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M






P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED





P
#`P
#`[
M;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q


P
#`P
M


'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I

#`P
#MM


3!P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M

P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT-'!X


P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



G!X

7!X


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

#`P
#`P.VUI


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z






M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P









#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


P
M
#`P



#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P


M;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97


Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O



M;'DZ5&EM97



M='







@87)E(')E8V]R9&5D(&%S


M;&4]

'!T)SX\9F]N





#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V

@87)E
M(')E8V]R9&5D(&%S('!R97!A:60@97AP96YS97


L(&%S


T0G;6%R9VEN+71O

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C









M+6QE9G0Z





3!P=#MM87)G:6XM


N(#PO


M;W1T;VTZ
'!T)SXF(S$V



'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A






T0G=VED=&@Z(#AP






#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.

M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#MM:6XM


P
#`P


#`P
M


M97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%

M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#MM


P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

#L\+W1D


7!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY&:7-C86P@665A
#L@8F]R9&5R+71O<US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M=&]P+7=I
6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S(!S





#`P

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
#L@8F]R9&5R+71O<US




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HY-G!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%



M

#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY&:7-C86P@
#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B,P
M,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(R-G!X.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/DEN($UI;&QI;VYS/]F;VYT







#LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


M;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P

M



M











M:'0[)SXR

T0G=VED=&@Z(#AP


#`P
#`P


M(S`P
#`P



P
#`P


M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN




#`P
M

T0G1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P,3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@



M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO



#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M
C`Q


P
#`P
#`[



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW



M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[





M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


M(S`P
#`P




#`P





M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P



#`P

M




P
#`P

M/B8C


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3DN
M

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#0T

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


P
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z.'!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U3





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0T

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%

M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`S-2XU/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M;&4]
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[
M1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#@U+CDI/]F;VYT

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(R-G!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


M96%R;FEN9W


P
#`P
M


BXU*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]

M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M*#0N.D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.'!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


M($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I
M9'1H.C

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
M


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T
'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P






#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H

RD\+V9O;G0^


#`P





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[0T]
3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#`N-2D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W

#`P
M


M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`P+C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\
M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P

#L\+W1D

M6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`M/]F;VYT

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
M
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#0T

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(T\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.'!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`P+C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W

#`P
M


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
XX*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9`@('-T




M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P

#L\


P
#`P

M




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



P
#`P
#`[;6EN


T0G=VED


M
#`P


'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P






M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C(V

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M97




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X<'@[

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


T0G=VED=&@Z



#`P
M



M.B
P
#`P

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@



M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P

#L\+W1D
'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG
M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P


M

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


T0G
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].
M5U325I%.B`X<'0[0T]






#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`M





P
#`P

M


#`P
#`P.VUI


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


P
#`P
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI




#`P


M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H




#`P

M)SXF(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X<'@[('1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


T0G=VED=&@Z(#AP



#`P
#`P



P
M
#`P


M;&4]



#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT
'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO


C(V

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M1&5R:79A=&EV97



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED



M.B
P
#`P




#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]



P
#`P

M/B8C


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z



P
M
#`P



#`P














#`P






P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

T0G=VED


3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#$N,RD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3(N
#PO

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG
M/B`H

#`P
#MM






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT



M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#$R-XX*3PO9F]N=#X\




M;BUT;W`Z


'!T.VUA


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O


T0G9F]N

@86YD


M86UI;'DZ5&EM97



M



3!P
M=#LG/B8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P


M;&4]


3!P=#LG/BP@:6YC;'5D:6YG(%-'




3!P








'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

M5&EM97


Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[1V%I;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N


3!P=#LG/B`\+V9O







M;&4]





M='








'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P


G!T.R!M87)G:6XM

@

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[;6%R
M9VEN+6QE9G0Z








M97


\+V9O;G0^/&9O


#$S+!W
M97)E(0Q





F4Z,3!P=#LG/B!O9B!I;F-O;64\
M+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


T0G





@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
'!X

051%1!#3TY424Y'14Y4($9%05154D53/]F





3!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F


@=&\@;6%I;G1A






M=')U;65N='

N(#PO9F]N=#X\






C8L
M(#(P
3


@3F5W









C`Q

@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M



@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0G9F]N




@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M5&EM97






M4D%424].4R!/1B!#4D5$250@04Y$($-/54Y415)005)462!#4D5$250@4DE3


M;BUB;W1T;VTZ
'!T)SXF(S$V

T0G;6%R9VEN+71O


T0G



M

C`Q
RP@5V%L









@



@3F5W





@:6X@

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O




3!P=#LG/B!P97)C96YT(&]F






M;BUT;W`Z


3!P=#MM



M+B!792!A;'-O(&5N=&5R(&EN=&\@8V]M;6]D:71Y(&9U='5R97
@=')A;G-A



M;W1T;VTZ
'!T)SXF(S$V



'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A





@3F5W(%)O


@)#

M;&4]


M;7





@86YD(&%R92!H96QD





M8V4@861V86YC97

















]

T1)1#!%


3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'








M


M97)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W

M;3H@





P
#`P
#`[;6EN

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


T0G


M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$T


P
#`P


M;&4]

#L@8F]R9&5R

M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H
M.C$T










P
#`P
#`[





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P




M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V-W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ






6QE.G-O




P
M
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z





M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`T
3(N


M;W`M=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P


#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
W!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D9I;F%N8VEA;!I;G-T
M:71U=&EO;G,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3-P


#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


P
#`P
#`[)SX@.#0N
CPO9F]N=#X\


#`P

M(S$V

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3$T



#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@
3`N


M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/E1O=&%L/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S


T0G


P
#`P



#`P

M(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M9'1H.B`S

M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^



#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@













\+V9O





M93HQ

C`Q



3!P=#LG/B`R



C`Q-RX@
F4Z,3!P=#LG/E=E(&%L<V\@:&%V92`D,S,R+C@@;6EL
M;&EO;B!I;B!U;F-O;6UI='1E9!C<F5D:70@;&EN97



M





3!P=#LG/B!-87D@
C8L(#(P
3






@9'5E($9E8G)U
M87)Y)B
Q-C`[
34L(#(P-#

#$V


M



#LQ-2P@
C`T



C4P+C`@;6EL;&EO;B!F;&]A=&EN
M9R!R871E(&YO=&5S(&1U92!*86YU87)Y)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
38N(%1H92!F


L('-U8FIE8W0@



'!T

C`Q








Q-C`[
34L(#(P
C$@

M;G









M(#(P















@;V8@36%Y(#(V+`R,#$S+!W92!W97)E(&EN(&-O;7!L








@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M




'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T

@3F5W



@87

6QE/3-$8F]R9&5R+6-O


P
#`P
#`[)SY);B!-




#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&


M:'0[)SY-87D@
C8L(`T*
C`Q




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/DUA



M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS


M:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)
M1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U3
M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z

M)W=I9'1H.B`R

M;W`M=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



#`P

M

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
2PQ-3`N
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[



3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[)SX@,2PP,#`N,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9`@('-T


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[)SXS+C$U)2!N;W1E

34L(#(P
C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;&]R.B
P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
2PP
#`N
M

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M

31P


#`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-S4P+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`W-3`N
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS






#`P

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[





M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

M=64@2G5N92`Q-2P@
C`T
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
M

M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U
#`N
#PO9F]N=#X\

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

XP/]F;VYT

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
Q-W!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H
M.C


P
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






#`P


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I




M:61T:#H@

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

#$T(#PO9F]N=#X\
#LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/C$N-34E(&YO=&5S
M(&1U92!-87D@
38L(#(P

P
M
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
S`P+C`\+V9O;G0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[)SXP+C@W-24@;F]T97

CDL(#(P
M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C4P+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



T0G=VED=&@Z(#
Q-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C

M;&4]

P
#`P

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ

3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[)SX@,C4P+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P


3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/DUE9&EU;2UT97)M(&YO=&5S
M+`P+C$E('1O(#8N-4L(&1U92!F:7-C86P@


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C

M9'1H.B`R

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/C4N-C4E(&YO
M=&5S(&1U92!397!T96UB97(@
3`L(#(P
3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#
Q

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%




#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#,N-D\+V9O

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI


P
#`P
#`[
M)SX@


M;W`M=VED=&@Z

M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&


G!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



P
#`P

M(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z(#
Q-W!X

M=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%





#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#$L-#0S+C,I/]F

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


#`P
#MM





M;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C

T0G

P
#`P



#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

T0G

P
#`P




#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@-BPQ-C$N.3PO9F]N







M:6=H='

@87)E(0Q+#0T,RXS/]F



M

M;B!I;B!F:7-C86P@
C`Q-BP@)#$L
#`P+C`@;6EL;&EO;B!I;B!F:7-C86P@
M




3!P=#LG/C$P



M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C86$P86)B-U\X.6,Q7S1B831?.68V
M8U\S8C8U,6,T.&1D8CD-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M8V%A
&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T8F$T7SEF-F-?

M='
O4VAE970Q-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M


]

24Y'($E.5$5215-4


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'




T0G









M




@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M






3$

T0G9F]N



3!P=#LG



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M



3!P=#LG/B!M:6QL:6]N







N02Y3+B!A



M

@



N(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F




3!P=#LG

T0G

@




3!P=#LG/E-O9&EA86P\+V9O




2!T;R!T:&4@<F5D965M86)L92!I;G1E<F5S==S(')E9&5M<'1I;VX@



\+V9O;G0^/&9O


@;V8@36%Y(#(V+`R,#$S+!T
F4Z,3!P=#LG/G)E9&5M<'1I;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O
M;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M



@




M-C


3!P





@


3I4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[9F]N=US


3!P=#LG/F%L86YC92`\+V9O





M



@4RY!+E

@9&EV:61E;F1S



N02Y3+B!H87


3!P=#LG



2P@
C`R




3

T0G9F]N

C

3(\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

M86P@
C`Q




3!P=#LG/B0S
F4Z,3!P=#LG/B!M
M:6QL:6]N(&]F(&1I=FED96YD<R!T;R`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G
M9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97





'!T


M;&4]







\+V9O;G0^




Q-C`[1TU#(')E=&%I;F5D('1H92!R

38P.TEM;65D:6%T

Q


'!T

@=V5R92!S;VQD(&)Y('1H92!T:&5N(&-U


T0G9F]N



M9&5R)W








3!P=#MM



@;V8@;SPO











3!P=#LG/G)E9&5E;6%B;&4@86YD


M+6QE9G0Z



C8L(#(P
3
L

T0G9F]N



M.6
Q7S1B831?.68V8U\S8C8U
6



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7



]

M


]

G($5154E4






@3F5W(%)O;6%N




T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

'!T)SX\9F]N

C`Q

#`\+V9O;G0^


M86QL(&]P=&EO;G

L
M(%)U;&4@

L(&%N9!A8V-E;&5R871E9!R

@;F\@



M93HQ


M;&EO;B!S:&%R97
F4Z,3!P
M=#LG/B!F;W(@86X@86=G<F5G871E('!U<F-H87-E('!R:6-E(&]F(0S
3
N
M









P
M








3!P








M=VET:!A(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8@)#(W,#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M)SXN


3

@87!P





M;FEN9R!S:&%R97






F4Z,3!P=#LG/B!M
M:6QL:6]N(&%S(&$@9&5C<F5A<V4@=&\@861D:71I;VYA;!P86ED(&EN(&-A


#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT







M



M92!R97%U:7)E9!T;R!S971T;&4@:6X@8V%S:!I;B!V97)Y(&QI;6ET960@





3!P=#LG








@



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M


M96UE;G1S('1O(&)E(&-L87-S:69I960@87







@:6X@:71S



@3F5W(%)O




M9FES8V%L(#(P
3

M;'DZ5&EM97


@3F5W






M=&AA=!T:&4@861D:71I;VYA;!S:&%R97
@=V]U;&0@8F4@86YT:2UD:6QU



3!P


'!T



C`Q

Q




M;W`Z
#L@=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC;VQO<CHC
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@

3

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q-'!X.R!B;W)D







7!X



M;W`M=VED=&@Z

M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!C96YT97([)SY2961E96UA8FQE($EN=&5R97-T/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/]T















M





M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



#`P



P
#`P
#`[5$58

M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

M97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%





M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU
M



M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


P
M
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



P
#`P



#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z
M(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`Q+#@U



M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T





3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

T0G=VED=&@Z


T0G=VED=&@Z

M=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

I.CPO9F]N=#X\
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U
W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

M)B


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-7!X



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



T0G=VED=&@Z(#8S

#`P
#MM:6XM



T0G=VED

#`P
M


M


M(S`P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



M





P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[

M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[0T]



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3`N
SPO9F]N=#X\

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

P
#`P

M9'1H.B`Q

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@-S8N
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


M.B`V

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z
M(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`T-2XP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D




#`P

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-S%P


P
M
#`P

M
#`P


P
#`P


W!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V


3AP

T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM


T0G

M
#`P


M;&4]

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`@(`@(%-E8W5R:71I97
\

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3)P



#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#`N-D\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X

#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M:#H@

T0G

P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


#`P
#MM


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C
N



#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M


3U(Z





T0G=VED=&@Z(#4S

#`P
#MM:6XM


M9'1H.B`V
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P



7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CPO


#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@(`@(!(961G92!D

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



T0G



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P








M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,34Y+CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@



#`P



M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI







#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P
#`[)SY/=&AE

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG
M/B`R-C8N

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z




M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H




T0G












M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/E1O=&%L(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M.B
P
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3AP


P
M
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R+#`Q
M



M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T

35P

7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[)SX@-#(N.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ


@3F5W(%)O


T0G


'!T





3!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP




'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T

@3F5W





M;&4]










M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M/D=E;F5R86P@36EL;'


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P





















M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V
W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P






#`P

Q




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



3U(Z

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

P
#`P
#`[)SY.970@96%R
M;FEN9W

\


7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


P
#`P
#`[


M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^



#`P











T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P







M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U
W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

M)B


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-7!X



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV
M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW



#`P
#`P.VUI



#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW





M=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

#`P
M


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@*#(W


#`P
#`P

6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[0T]


#`P
M

6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[
M0T]



#`P

M
T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`H-3$N,2D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$V-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`@($YE=!A8W1U87)I86P@

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE
M<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[0T]


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


#`P
#MM


P
#`P
#`[
M)SX@

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z



#`P
#`P.VUI


#`P
M


P
#`P
M

M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HW


T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$V-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V


35P


M:#H@


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H


#`P

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
XQ/]F;VYT/CPO

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`H,XR*3PO9F]N=#X\


#`P


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4
M:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[0T]

M.B`U

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


M.B`V

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#LG/B`H-#DN-BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[0T]

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG
M/B`H

#`P
M


P
M
#`P

G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU
W!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M9'1H.B`Q-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P




M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ


#`P
M


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@
38N

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[)SX@*#8N,BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

#`P
#`P.VUI


#`P
M


P
#`P
M

M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HW


M:#H@


3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@(`@($%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;B!O9B!L;W-S97
@86YD(`T*






3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,3,Q+C8\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].


#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;&4]





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$V-W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P




M:#H@
6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U




M0T]



#`P






P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





S(N


7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z




#`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#LG/B`H-3$N,2D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M

T0G


M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H



#`P


P
#`P

M:#H@
6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U




M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U
W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T





M.B`V

M=&@Z


3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[)SX@.#,T+C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@






3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#0T+C,I/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D



#`P









M5&EM97




3!P=#LG/B!R96-L87-S
M:69I960@9G)O;2!!3T-)(&EN=&\@96%R;FEN9W
@:7






M;W-T(&]F('-A;&5S(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL




T0G9F]N

'!T.R!M

M5&EM97









'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M

T1B;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P








M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U-W!X.R!B

M

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-3-P


P
M
#`P




#`P

Q-C`[





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV
W!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-3=P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

P
#`P
#`[)SY.970@96%R;FEN
M9W

\+V9O




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Y


P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



#`P




6QE








P
#`P

M(S$V




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$X

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z



T0G=VED

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


P
#`P



M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S-3@N
SPO


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

T0G

P
M
#`P


M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Y

T0G

P
M
#`P


M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
S(N-D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC

#`P


P
#`P

W!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



M:#H@

T0G

M
#`P


M;&4]

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P





3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#4N.D\

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3=P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ.'!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#
N-BD\


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-7!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`H,SDN.D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P


M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;FEN9W



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



#`P
#`P


#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M)W=I9'1H.B`U

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


M)W=I9'1H.B`U

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`H,3$N,RD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P


P
#`P

M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ.7!X


M($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q
M
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`U

M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P





M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D


M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$U




#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P






P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HV








6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U
W!X.R!B;W)D




3=P
6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`U

M=VED=&@Z




W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T







3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#@U

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

M;&4]




G!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O

3I4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[)SY'86EN



@3F5W(%)O




'!T


@9F]R(&9O

M


M;&4]


M
6QE/3-$)V9O

3!P=#LG/F%N

@3F5W


C`Q

M97



M




'!T)SXF(S$V

T0G


M97




T0G;6%R9VEN+71O




M





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

3
\+V9O


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ



3U(Z





M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


M


M(S`P
#`P










#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
S
M-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN
M+7=I9'1H.C


P
#`P
#`[



W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

Q-C`[


#`P

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C


3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/B`@(%-E8W5R:71I97


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Y

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


M9'1H.B`V

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@


'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB
M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-W!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

#`P
#`P.VUI


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




#`P

#L\+W1D





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#
S-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C


P
M
#`P

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S


T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[





T0G=VED=&@Z(#



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M='

3-P


#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


P
#`P



M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V
M

M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P




M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&]T:&5R(&-O;7!R96AE



P
#`P
#`[




M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4






P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#$L-3@U+C
I/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@







'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

#`P
#MM:6XM



;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C86$P86)B-U\X.6
Q7S1B831?.68V8U\S8C8U
6
T



]

T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]





]


'!T.V9O;G0M







F4Z,3!P=#LG/G-T;V-K('!L86YS('1O(&AE
M;'`@96YS=7)E('1H870@;6%N86=E;65N==S(&EN=&5R97-T<R!A<F4@86QI
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY

3!P=#LG/F$@=&]T86P@;V8@
M




M86UI;'DZ5&EM97




F4Z,3!P=#LG/G5N<F5S=')I
M8W1E9`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O


T0G9F]N




M


3!P=#LG/B!#;VUP96YS871I;VX@4&QA;B!F
















C`P
2P@
C`P
M
RP@










@86YD






M


M;&4]


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$W
G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-S)P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M/B8C



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P



M
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

T0G=VED

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





M(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P



#MT97AT+6%L

#`P

M)SXF(S$V

CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


P
M
#`P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

#LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]

M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M/B8C


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#`P



P
#`P



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
M



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/B4\

T0G=VED


#`P
M

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@.2XP/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T


M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C5P



3U(Z



#`P



P
#`P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M
#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E

#`P


M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M



#`P
M


M
#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/B4\


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(U-W!X


P
#`P
#`[)SX@1&EV:61E;F0@
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z-7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


#`P
M

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)


M

'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P

M


3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/B4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

N
#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%

'!X









3!P






M=&EO;G









6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I
M;BUT;W`Z


3!P=#MM

M('1H92!P97)I;V0@;V8@=&EM92!T:&%T(&]P=&EO;G







'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T

'!T

M;'DZ5&EM97





@;V8@







M)SY296%L:7IE9!W:6YD9F%L;!T87@@8F5N969I='
@87)E(&-R961I=&5D


I(&%R92!F:7)S
M=!O9F9S970@86=A:6YS=!T:&4@8W5M=6QA=&EV92!B86QA;F-E(&]F('=I



M=6QA=&EV92!M96UO(&)A;&%N8V4@;V8@=VEN9&9A;&P@=&%X(&)E;F5F:71S








'!T.R!M87)G:6XM

T1B;W)D97(M





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/D]P=&EO;G




#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@

#`P
#MM






M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'



M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P



M)SX@.#$L


#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ



#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M



M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@1W)A;G1E9#PO9F]N




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H




S0N


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

W+C
X




#`P
#`P


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX

T0G

P
#`P

W!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED





M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@1F]R9F5I=&5D(&]R(&5X

M:#H@


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX



P
#`P

M

M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SY86QA

C`Q

W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



P
#`P

M(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`X

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%

SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT



M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`R
M-BXX

#`P
#`P


T0G=VED

P
#`P
M




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`T+#`V.2XP



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$S



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!





W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M/B8C



#`P

T0G

P
#`P




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V.'!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-C5P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

M;&4]



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D)A;&%N8V4@87
@;V8@36%Y(#(W+`R,#$R/]F

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I



T0G


M
#`P



M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+#DT



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@($=R86YT960\+V9O;G0^/]T



P
#`P

M(S$V

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)



M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



#`P
#MM:6XM



#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P


S0N-BD\+V9O

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M-#



M
#`P


P
#`P





P
#`P




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

XS/]F;VYT/CPO



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ


M;&4]


P
#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`Q

M=&@Z


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED






M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M


@




C`Q

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


C8N.#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F




'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


@86YD('1H92!I
M;G1R:6YS:6



'!T

M

'!X.SX\


P
M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P









M
6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W`M=VED=&@Z







#$Q

T0G


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0W

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S

T0G


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R
S




M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`T
3`N-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D



M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ


P
#`P
#`[

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P








'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M0F%S960@56YI='




I+!M87D@
M8F4@9W)A;G1E9!T;R!K97D@96UP;&]Y965S('5N9&5R('1H92`R
#PO9F]N




M8F%S:7


T0G

@86YD('5N:71S+!B=70@/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T

M

M97
@;W(@=6YI='


@:7
@







3!P








M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

#L\+W1D/CQT



M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
M24=..B!C96YT97([)SY


3%P


#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H
M=#LG/E-H87)E+5-E='1L960@56YI='

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q




P
#`P


M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/E=E:6=H=&5D+4%V97)A9V4@







M=&@Z


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#MB;W)D97(M8F]T



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C5P


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M0T]






M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-CAP



M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/DYO;BUV97-T960@87,@;V8@36%Y
M(#(W+`R

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Q

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%


#`P
#`P


M.B`Q

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
S(N-C@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


3U(Z

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W`M=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



#`P

M

P
#`P
#`[)SX@

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P

M(S$V


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,S@N-#(\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M



P
#`P

M(S$V


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,S@N,34\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M



#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-C9P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3%P


'!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HW


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M
S(N



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
M-S
N
D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#8X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG
M/B`S
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z-7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-S9P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M









#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW

T0G1D].

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
S8N
#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW

M;&4]

P
#`P





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C5P


#`P
#MM:6XM



M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S
BXS




M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/DYO
M;BUV97-T960@87



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ






P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG/B`X+#`T

T0G=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S.#@N
CPO

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(#







#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


M


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
S@N-#$\+V9O

T0G;6%R9VEN









M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(R

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

M

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P







M.B`U

M=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
W!X



7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P

M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ



#`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z




M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q-'!X.R!B

M

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG

P
#`P
#`[

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ




M


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;&4]


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P

#`P
#MM:6XM



3)P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP





#8N






3!P=#LG/B!M:6QL

@3F5W(%)O





@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O


3(T
M+C


M




3!P=#LG/B!F;W(@9FES8V%L(#(P


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C86$P86)B-U\X.6
Q7S1B831?.68V
M8U\S8C8U
6

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J


M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

@4$52(%-(

]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L
M(#(P
3




T1T;W`^14%23DE.1U
@4$52




F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.R<^,3(\
M+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

3I4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[9F]N=US

M+6QE9G0Z


M;&4]

\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
S-7!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P



G!X.R!B

7!X.V)O


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

C`Q
SPO9F]N



#`P

M)SXF(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z




#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


P
#`P
M




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C8P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C

M

P
#`P
#`[)SY.970@96%R;FEN9W

M('1O($=E;F5R86P@36EL;'

P
#`P

#`P
#MM





M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H





M9'1H.B`Q

M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


W!X.R!B

G!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


T0G=VED=&@Z(#5P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z




M=&@Z

#`P
#MM



#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P
M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P




W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-C!P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


W!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
W!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
S
M-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN
M+7=I9'1H.C


P
#`P
#`[
M)SY);F-R96UE;G1A;!S:&%R92!E9F9E8W0@9G)O;3H@*&$I/]F;VYT/CPO

G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V
'0M86QI
M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-7!X.R<^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



S

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M
3(N
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M-7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#8P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG
M/B`Q



W!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ


#`P
#MM


M:61T:#H@
S

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO

'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV



P
#`P
#`[)SX@-XW/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P

#L\

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



G!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z
S

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D%V
M97)A9V4@;G5M8F5R(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97
@+2!D:6QU=&5D($504SPO

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HW

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P
















W!X.R!B;W)D




T0G=VED=&@Z(#8P



S


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS


\+V9O;G0^



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


M


M(S`P
#`P





#`P

#L\+W1D







#`P

M
#L@



M


P
#`P
M
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C


P
M
#`P


M9'1H.B`Q

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H


P
#`P

M;&4]


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


'!X.R!B;W)D

G!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R
M+C


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C)P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z






M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M

3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N


3!P=#LG/FX\+V9O






T0G=VED=&@Z(#(X

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


M:61T:#H@





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


M0T]




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P












M:'0[)SXR

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R








3EP

T0G=VED


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
XV/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-C%P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

G!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P





M+R\O0SHO8V%A
&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T8F$T7SEF-F-?
V(V-3%C-#AD9&(Y+U=O

O4VAE970R
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

]



]




'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

F4Z
M,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.R<^+CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M9F]N=UW96EG:'0Z8F]L9#LG/B!2151)4D5-14Y4($)%3D5&2513($%.1!0

T0G





@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
'!X

\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


M9G0Z



3!P=#LG/B`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@












M:6-E+B!/=7(@9G5N9&EN9R!P;VQI8WD@:7

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M









@3F5W(%)O;6%N




3!P=#LG/C(P





M;'DZ5&EM97





T0G




M
C`Q
BP@=V4@86YN;W5N8V5D(&-H86YG97
@=&\@;W5R(%4N4RX@9&5F:6YE


2P@
C`Q
R`\+V9O;G0^



3!P=#LG/B!E;&EG



M93HQ




M


6QE/3-$)VUA



'!T


@=&\@=&AE(&UA:F]R:71Y




T0G





M(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;G





M+B!792!D:60@;F]T(&UA:V4@=F]L=6YT87)Y(&-O;G1R:6)U=&EO;G
@=&\@



M


3!P=#LG/BX\+V9O

3)P=#L@


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB

@


M;&4]




G!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O




T0G=VED=&@Z(#
W
G!X.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
W
M




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
W

Q-C`[



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
C%P






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I

C`Q


P
M
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
W


P
#`P
#`[)SY(96%L=&@@8V%R92!C;W-T('1R96YD(')A=&4@9F]R(&YE


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ








3U(Z



#`P






P
#`P


M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P


'!T.R!M

T0G;6%R9VEN+71O






3!P=#LG/G1R



M87)I97
N(%1H:7
@:6YF;W)M871I;VX@:6YC;'5D97







3!P=#LG/FES(#PO9F]N=#X\


M86UI;'DZ5&EM97









3!P=#LG/BX@














M


M=6QD(&AA=F4@=&AE(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!E9F9E8W1S.CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^/'`@








#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\



'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[)SY%9F9E8W0@;VX@=&AE


M;&4]



#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P

T0G=VED

#`P
M



M

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C8Y

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[


P
#`P
M



M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

M;&4]


3!P
M=#LG/BD@=V%S('-I9VYE9!I;G1O(&QA=R!I;B!-87)C:`R
#$P+B!4:&4@
M06-T(&-O9&EF:65S(&AE86QT:!C87)E(')E9F]R;7,@=VET:!S=&%G9V5R
M960@969F96-T:79E(&1A=&5S(&9R;VT@
C`Q
!T;R`R,#$X/]F;VYT/CQF




@;V8@=&AE(&9U='5R92!I;7!A8W1S



'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT




'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P

@3F5W(%)O;6%N















M97




M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z





M;BUT;W`Z
#L@
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC;VQO<CHC
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HR





M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY$969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70-E!E;G-I;VX@4&QA
M;G,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ




7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@


P
#`P

\

M.B`Q

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P

#L\+W1D

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY&:7-C

M

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(R.7!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ





M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ






P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H
M=#LG/C(P

T0G=VED






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)

C`Q



M
#`P


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@


T0G=VED=&@Z
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G







#$R

7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B

M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

7!X.R!B;W)D



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



7!X

7!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ



P
#`P
#`[;6EN



M.B`Q

M=&@Z

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P
M


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W`M=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL


M.B
P
#`P







#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CPO


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

S4S+CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M

P
#`P

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



P
#`P

M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q

M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S-3@N.#PO
'0M86QI
M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


P
#`P
#`[



M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M.B
P
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M


#`P
M

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

#`P
#`P

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
M

M(S`P
#`P



#`P

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(`@<W1Y;&4]

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(R.7!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(R.7!X


P
#`P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M

M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q

M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

P
#`P
#`[)SX@

#`P
#`P

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
M

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL


#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



#`P




M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



#`P

M)SXF(S$V
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R
M

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#4X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q

M;&4]



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



#`P

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO


#`P

#L\
#LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]

M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(R
M.7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN


P
#`P
#`[



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
C(R+C8I


7!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[


#`P

Q



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
7!X


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR




6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y
M;&4]


W!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H-2XU*3PO9F]N=#X\


#`P

M(S$V



#`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q



M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q

M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R<'@[('1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,C(Y<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/D9A:7(@=F%L=64@870@96YD(&]F('EE87(\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


#`P
#`P


M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-PS-3
N.3PO9F]N=#X\


M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M




T0G=VED=&@Z

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S-3@N.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D
M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\
M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M
'0M86QI9VXZ
M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0V



P
#`P
#`[


P
#`P
M
#`[)SY#:&%N9V4@:6X@4')O:F5C=&5D($)E;F5F:70@3V)L:6=A=&EO;CH\


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3%P



G!X.R!B

G!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z



M

M

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z



#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z



M:61T:#H@

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P



M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


P
#`P

M.B`U

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P
M


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SXD



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4X

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

T0G

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
30Q+C



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3
Q
M+C

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q

M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,3$T+C,\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M/B8C

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


M


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

'0M86QI
M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P
#`[)SX@-RXU



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C

M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)B

M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Q



P
#`P
#`[)SX@-3(N
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
M,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G

P
#`P
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z
M(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2



7!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3%P


C(Y

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG

T0G

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F
M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[

M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#$S+C0I/]F


#`P

M(S$V
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED

M9'1H.B`Q

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


#`P
#`P

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
M

M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB
M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

P
#`P
M
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3%P

M.B`U

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(R.7!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(R.7!X


P
#`P




#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)B

M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Q




M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
G!X


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3
N
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z
M(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

M

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3(N
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L
M;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


#`P

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)B

M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Q




CEP

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ


#`P
#MM




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ


#`P
#MM



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-XW/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@




M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^



#`P

M)SXF(S$V
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`M




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C
W



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ


#`P
#MM:6XM


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
C
N
D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


P
#`P
#`[




M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#(R.7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P

M97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@*#(R
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@

M)W=I9'1H.B`U

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#(P
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
M,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@



#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#4X+CDI/]F


#`P

M(S$V
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H-34N



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ


#`P
#MM:6XM


'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L
M;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#$Y+C8I/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/]T


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@(!&;W)E:6=N(&-U

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#)P

M

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M:#H@


M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#`N,2D\+V9O;G0^/]T




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

P
M
#`P


M1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`M/]F;VYT




M

M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

M:61T:#H@


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



G!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


T0G


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

M:61T:#H@

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

G!X.R!B

M

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


M


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@






M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z








M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


P
#`P

M.B`U

M=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

M
#`P


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.

T0G=VED=&@Z


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
2PQ-#@N
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3%P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@

#`P
M






M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P


7!X


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

P
#`P
M





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

G!X.R!B;W)D




7!X

7!X




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

M

P
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



#MB;W)D97(M

G!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M



M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ


P
#`P
#`[

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U




'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P











#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%





M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
30Q+C


M+6)O='1O;3H@



M97

F4Z,3!P=#LG/B`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ5&EM97




#0N-SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A



3!P=#LG/FUI;&QI;VX@87

M;&4]


3(\+V9O











M


#$R





M;3H@






M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




P
#`P

M.B
P
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P.'!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ






P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY0;W-T



#`P



M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY4;W1A

#`P
#`P.VUI


#`P
#`P




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Q.'!X.R!B

7!X.V)O



P
#`P

M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0U(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@



M
#`P

#L@8F]R9&5R+71O<US='EL93IS




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ





'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

C`Q



P
#`P
M



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P
#`[)SXR
#$R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU
M

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ





M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/C(P

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M:61T:#H@

M=VED=&@Z


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q








M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT


#`P

#L\

M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED




M;&4]





3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXR,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U-7!X.R!B;W)D97(M


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!L


M.B
P
#`P



'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P







M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



P
#`P



#`P

M(S$V


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P



#`P
M



P
#`P


7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
2PX
#$N-2D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P



P
#`P

W!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


T0G=VED


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P

M(S$V



#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M

T0G=VED=&@Z


P
#`P
M


M;&]R.B
P
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P





M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M


M;&]R.B
P
#`P


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#0N,BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[




'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(`@<W1Y;&4]





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4U

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H-RXR*3PO

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%


\+V9O;G0^


#`P

M(S$V

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



P
#`P
#`[

T0G=VED=&@Z
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P
M,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@



M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M/B8C



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z



6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].

P
#`P




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P

M(S$V

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



P
#`P
#`[

T0G=VED=&@Z(#)P
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@


3U(Z


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


2XP*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3!P



M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`H
M,2PX,#DN,RD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
G!X

7!X


M.B`Q

M=&@Z





#`P



P
#`P

M(#!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$W-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$W-'!X




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ




#`P

M(S$V

M.B`Q


M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT


#`P

M(S$V

M.B`Q


M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT



'!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ

#L@8F]R9&5R+71O<US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



M

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R
7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



P
#`P

G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3)P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE




M.B`Q

M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W`M=VED=&@Z







#$R




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T

6QE/3-$)W=I

M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

C`Q

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G

P
#`P


G!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


#`P
M



G!X

7!X


T0G=VED


3U(Z




#`P

#L\+W1D

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W


P
#`P
#`[)SX@

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^

M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$W-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$W-'!X


P
#`P
#`[)SY!8V-U;75L871E
M9!B96YE9FET(&]B;&EG871I;VX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P




#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,S0V+C8\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

G!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT
M


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
S8Q+C4\



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$S



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
2PQ
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z
M(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q+#$R.2XP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(#$T

G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)B



#`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z






6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P
#`[)SX@-#




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M)SX@,S4X+C@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
G!X

M=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2



G!X.R!B;W)D

G!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


3)P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O





3!P

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M



M;&4]






M:61T:#H@

M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$V


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ





M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)


T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$V


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0U(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


G!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M

#L@8F]R9&5R+71O<US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M=&]P
6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z


#`P




#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&


M:'0[)SXR

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R


M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)

C`Q





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)

C`Q

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

M

P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M



M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL






M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M
C`Q

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z




#`P
M


P
M
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$W
'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3(T+C0\+V9O


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)

M

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^



#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


G!X

7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%


#`P
M


P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@
3@N


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W`M=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M



3U(Z



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M



3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,C,W+CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT-'!X


P
#`P
#`[)SX@-C`N
3PO9F]N

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC;VQO

#`P


'!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HU



'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M*#



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I





#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@*#

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[



P
#`P


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




'!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HU


M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,3,V+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q
#@N


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
30N

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M



M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



G!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
G!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

G!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
G!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

G!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
G!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


T0G

P
M
#`P


M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#,N-D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

3PO9F]N

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


M:#H@

T0G

P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`M/]F


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT


P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG/B`Q

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[




M.B`Q

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M
#`P





M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M)W=I9'1H.B`U

M;W`M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P






P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M



#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


P
#`P
M



#`P

M

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
30N

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




M=&@Z


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG


G!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`T





T0G



M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W`M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I

#`P
#MM








3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

T0G=VED=&@Z


3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[)SX@,C$N.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\+V1I=CX\


M;W1T;VTZ









@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0G;6%R











#`P
#MM:6XM=VED







7!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HY
7!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)











#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HY-W!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)


C


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR




#`P

#L\+W1D



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D




M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^






M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(S


P
#`P
#`[)SY!;6]R=&EZ




M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


G!X

M=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Y



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H


#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P






M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U
M-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN

#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E<CMB
M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,3,P<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4
M+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([)SY$969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70-E!E;G-I;VX@4&QA
M;G

M9'1H.B`Q


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C


#`P

M)SXF(S$V

T0G=VED=&@Z

M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



M.B`Q

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E;G1E

P
#`P
M

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3



#`P

#L\+W1D

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S-'!X.R!B;W)D





P
#`P

M


M


P
#`P



#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS




M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3(\+V9O;G0^





P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3
\


7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


#`P
#MM









#`P

M

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-#=P








3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@


T0G=VED=&@Z

#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$U-'!X.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
M,T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P




M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P








'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
RXW

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M0T]





M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-XT-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D



M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.CAP


#`P
#MM:6XM






M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@



M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q

P
#`P


M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D


M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z


@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O









#`P




M=&@Z

#`P
#`P





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%



#`P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$U
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[
M;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$U

#L@8F]R9&5R+71O<US='EL93IS;VQI




#`P








#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY&

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$W




P
#`P







P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

M)B


7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
M24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P







M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI


M
#`P


G!X.R!B

7!X.V)O


T0G=VED=&@Z






M
6QE/3-$


M93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P,3,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@






M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

C`Q
CPO

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CPO

M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$U



P
#`P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT

T0G1D].

P
#`P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXE/]F
#MT97AT+6%L:6=N
M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT


P
#`P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXE/]F;VYT


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT


P
M
#`P


M=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


'!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U+C$R




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-'!X


P
#`P




M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P



M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C


#`P

M)SXF(S$V

P
#`P

M9'1H.B`R
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M



3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-XY

M)W=I9'1H.B`T

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT


P
#`P

M9'1H.B`Q-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M








#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M)SX@.XU

T0G=VED


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P
#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$T<'@[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Y+C4S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@



M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q

P
#`P

M9'1H.B`R

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D



#`P

M)B
#L@
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HT

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T
'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M



P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P





M;W`Z













@=&\@9&5T97)M:6YE


@3F5W


M







3)P=#L@;6%R


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD
6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;BUT;W`Z
'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O






M97




M86UI;'DZ5&EM97



T0G9F]N



M;&4]

#$S(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

@3F5W(%)O


C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N

'!T.R!M87)G

M;W`Z(#!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@


M.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(V

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N

P
M
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
M
T0X(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(S



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/DEN

T0G=VED=&@Z(#AP
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z.'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T


P
#`P


M


T0G


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E

T0G=VED






T0G









W!X.R!B;W)D97(M





M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV



P
#`P


7!X


T0G=VED

'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

\+V9O;G0^

M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M/B8C



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(S
W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D9A:7(@=F%L=64@;65A

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]







T0G=VED=&@Z(#AP


M

#`P
#`P.VUI



M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M





#`P






#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT


C

M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C
S

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@($5Q=6ET


P
#`P

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S


2PT


#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#LG/B`U-3DN



#`P

#L\

M.B
P
#`P



M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)

#`P
M



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I

&5D(&EN8V]M92`H8BD\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO

'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P




P
#`P
M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED



#`P

M(S$V
#LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C8S

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#LG/B`U
#8N
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]

M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M

34S+C



#`P
#MM:6XM


#`P
#MM


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z.'!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)


M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].

P
#`P


#`P

M



#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`S-C$N
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(`@<W1Y;&4]

M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`U.#4N
M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HR


@*&0I/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`V
M

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

M;&4]

P
#`P
'0M86QI

P
#`P

M/B8C

#`P
M


M
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^


T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#(S
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[
M;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(S


P
#`P
M
6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M
M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

T0G=VED


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(T\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.'!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX



P
#`P

M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO

'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z.'!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

M9'1H.B`V

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


P
M
#`P

'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


M



P
#`P

W!X.R!B;W)D



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

C$V+C@\+V9O

M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.CAP








#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.

T0G=VED=&@Z


P
#`P


7!X.V)O


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P






P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%

#LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]



#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


P
#`P
M





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED





'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P






P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R
M:6=H=#LG/B`Y



M
#`P


P
M
#`P






M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M


T0G




#`P




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D





M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P



#`P

M


M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M)B


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV
W!X




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

#MT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T

6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`R

'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU-7!X



T0G=VED=&@Z(#AP


#`P
#`P.VUI



#`P
M



#`P




#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT


C

M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C
S

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@($5Q=6ET


P
#`P

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S


N


M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I


P
#`P


#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ


C`U+C


#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R
M:6=H=#LG/B`Q

T0G=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M



M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


W!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HV


P
#`P

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
C

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS



#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&


#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#4U

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



#`P

M)SXF(S$V


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(T\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.'!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!
#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR





W!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HV


M0T]



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(`@<W1Y;&4]

M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`T+C
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

M

P
#`P


M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-C-P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


P
#`P
#`[






M.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN



M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-35P




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%

M
#`P


P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@



M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z.'!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

M9'1H.B`V

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


P
M
#`P


C



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@

T0G=VED=&@Z


#`P
M



M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI



M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M)W=I9'1H.B`V



M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`Q
XW/]F;VYT

W!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%

T0G



#`P


M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`M/]F

W!X.R!B

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`Q

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(S




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P








#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


3(Q+CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P






P
#`P




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


M97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P








M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




7!X


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P





M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`R.#4N
3PO



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


P
#`P

M.B`V

M=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


M97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P






'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C







M





3!P=#LG/B!A;F0\+V9O;G0^/&9O


M5&EM97





6EN9R!I;G9E<W1M96YT<RX@/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T

M





M;G




@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O













M








T0G9F]N




M







3!P=#LG/B8C
M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.SPO9F]N





M97



3!P=#LG/F-O;6UI;F=L960@9G5N
M9'





T0G



M)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L\







M



3!P=#LG/G1O
F4Z,3!P=#LG/B!P<F]V:60\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y
M;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97

M




M



@9'5R:6YG('1H


M


@3F5W



M='1O;3H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#0V-W!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


#$S





M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C@W

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/D)A;&%N8V4@87
@;V8@36%Y

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[




M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4





#`P





M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Q

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!


\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
M24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/DYE=`-D=A:6X\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/D)A;&%N8V4@87
@;V8@36%Y(#(V+`R,#$S/]F

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(P
W!X

7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/E!E



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S



#`P




M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^



#`P

#L\+W1D



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

38P



#`P

M


M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M)B


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX-W!X

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H

#`P
#`P

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`U-S4N-#PO9F]N


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%

T0G

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M

M
#`P


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#(P
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(P


P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@(!&:7AE9!I;F-O;64\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%




P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Q
M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ



'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I




#`P






T0G=VED

T0G

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`R
XY/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.CAP



M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P


M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Q



P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T






#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&


M:'0[)SX@

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#(P

M;W`M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P





#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%





M:'0[)SX@.3

P
#`P
M


M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`H,XQ



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


P
#`P

M9'1H.B`Q





#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M



P
#`P


M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#(P

M;W`M=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;&4]


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P



#L@8F]R9&5R+71O




#`P

M)SXF(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`R

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


#`P

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z.#=P


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



#`P
#`P.VUI


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S






3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@



C(N


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

M:#H@

P
#`P
M
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Q


P
M
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW-'!X


P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z

M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)


#`P
M


M
#`P


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Q



P
#`P
'0M

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!


M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4



#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D
M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z.'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\

M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P


#`P
M


M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT



#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


30N-3PO

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG/D9A:7(@=F%L=64@86-T:79I='D@;V8@;&5V96P@






#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@




M
#`P


P
M
#`P





M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)



M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R

#`P
#MM:6XM




P
#`P


M


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

T

T0G







P
#`P




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


M
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\



#`P

M(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/DYE
M=!0=7)C:&%S97,L(%-A;&5S(`T*27-S=6%N8V5S+!A;F0@#0I3971T;&5M

M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


#`P
M



M=&@Z






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
#-P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M



#`P
M

6QE


M(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Q



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Q




M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO



#`P

#L\
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

P
#`P
M



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Q

M

P
#`P

M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.CAP
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

V+C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M0T]






M;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P

M(S$V


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@

M.B`Q



#`P



P
#`P
'0M

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ


T0G=VED

T0G

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Q



P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI






#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P

M

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

M;&4]



#`P

T0G

P
#`P




P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R

T0G=VED=&@Z(#AP

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$Q

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ




M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z.#=P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,C`S<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS





#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

M.B
P
#`P




7!X


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

M
#`P






M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



G!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`Y
S8N.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(P




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M



M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M/B8C
#MT97AT+6%L

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z.'!X




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



T0G=VED=&@Z



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#AP

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[



M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Q






P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HR


T0G=VED=&@Z

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P



P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P


#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Q


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

#`P
#MM




'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M:61T:#H@

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P



#`P

M

P
#`P




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C8W

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.

T0G=VED=&@Z

T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$Q

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(P
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(P

M

P
#`P


#`P

M)SXF(S$V


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

3
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P
M,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z.'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P



#`P

#L\+W1D

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG
M/B`H
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z.'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-S1P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%


#`P


M0T]


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(P
W!X.R!B

7!X.V)O


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P








#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@




M
#`P


P
M
#`P





M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


G!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$Q

M;W`M=VED=&@Z




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@

#`P
M






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P








T0G



M









F4Z,3!P=#LG/B!B96YE9FET/]F



3)P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O







@8GD@



M:65W('1H:7




M;BUB;W1T;VTZ









M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
34S


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E

#LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]

P
M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


M;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$T

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@


M.B
P
#`P



M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$U

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z


#`P
#`P.VUI




M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4


M)SXR



T0G=VED


3U(Z









P
#`P




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HV


P
#`P
#`[


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U
W!X.R!B;W)D97(M


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!L

M


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]





#`P

Q

M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V

M

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%


P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-C%P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN


P
#`P

M.B`V

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4
M:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@

SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
#LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



#`P

Q

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

P
#`P
M



3U(Z


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$U

M;&4]

P
#`P
#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/E!R:79A
M=&4@97%U:71I97,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,3,N,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO



M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HV


P
#`P
#`[



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

P
#`P
M


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M



#`P

M)B

#`P
#`P


7!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

P
#`P
M


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

M97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-C%P



M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D


G!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/E1O=&%L




P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3`P+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS





#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@

#`P
M


T0G=VED=&@Z

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ

3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[)SX@,3`P+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M


P
#`P

7!X.R!B;W)D



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M

M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C)P

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z







M96YT(&]R9V%N:7IA=&EO;G
N(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT








@:6X@








3!P=#LG/G


M


'!T

30\+V9O;G0^



3!P=#LG




@

@86YD(&9U







M97



M5&EM97






P
#`P



#`P

#L\
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U
7!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/D1E9FEN960@#0I
M96YE9FET#0I096YS:6]N(`T*4&QA;G,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z.31P







#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
M



P
#`P




M;&]R.B
P
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[)SXR




M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R
S8N
SPO9F]N=#X\

7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HY


P
#`P
#`[)SX@-38N.#PO

7!X.R!B;W)D97(M



P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
#MT97AT
M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C)P


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[)SXR


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P

#L\+W1D

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-2XR/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P

#L\

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW


P
#`P
#`[5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#LG/C(P,38\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[


M)W=I9'1H.B`U

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P
#`[)SX@

T0G

P
M
#`P




M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P




#`P

T0G

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
38N
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT

'0M86QI
M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C%P


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
G!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(#8N
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#DY

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[)SXR
#$X/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^


#`P



P
#`P


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

C`Q.2TR

M


M;&]R.B
P
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
G!X




#`P
M


P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR





7!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V










@4V%V





M;'DZ5&EM97


@







3!P

C`Q



@=V%S



M;`R,#$S+`D-#$N.#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

2XX(&UI;&QI;VX@:6X@9FES8V%L(#(P
M

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97



@3F5W



@=&\@=&AE($=E;F5R86P@36EL;'
@4V%V:6YG





@;V8@=&AE

@8VAO;W-I;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F



M






T0G



M;&4]

M;'DZ5&EM97









M

C8L
M(#(P
3






M


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]C86$P86)B-U\X.6
Q7S1B831?.68V8U\S8C8U
6
T.&1D8CDO




]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L(#(P
3




M
T1T;W`^24Y#3TU%(%1!6$53/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$









@9G)O;2!J



M

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR




#`P





M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C

#L\+W1D/CQT

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


'!X.R!B

7!X.V)O


T0G=VED=&@Z



#$Q/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/]T



M)W=I9'1H.B`S

M;W`M=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C


M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@(%5N:71E9!3=&%T
M97,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R+#`U

T0G=VED=&@Z(#

M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I



M9'1H.B`R


M.B
P
#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P


#`P


P
#`P
#`[




#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
SDT+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS




#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@


M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(R


P
#`P




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\


G!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS

T0G

P
#`P




#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
BPR
3`N-3PO9F]N

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S!P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS



M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T.7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(R-'!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


P
#`P
#`[)SX@




M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^

M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HR



M-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P




6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

Y.2XQ

T0G=VED=&@Z(#


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.

#`P
#MM



3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@(`@(!3=&%T92!A;F0@;&]C86P\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\
M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(#

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z



#`P
#`P.VUI


P
#`P
#`[
#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(R-'!X.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P<'0[0T]


#`P


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@



#`P

T0G

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3`Y+C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@-C@N.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


7!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@(%1O

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-C4Y+C0\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T.7!X.R!B;W)D



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M

M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HS


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG/B`U


M.B
P
#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P

#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$T<'@[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9`@



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D




#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS

Q-C`[


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HR



M-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN



P
#`P


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#

M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C

#L\+W1D





M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


#`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,3DN,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#

M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C

#L\+W1D





M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(R


P
#`P
#`[)SX@(`@(!&






M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#8N,BD\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS

M)B



#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


M
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR




M






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS

M)B


7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q-#DN

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z




#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@
C`U+C



M;&]R.B
P
#`P

T0G

P
#`P
#`[)SY4;W1A;!I;F-O;64@=&%X97,\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

#`P
#MM:6XM




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS

M

P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT.7!X


P
#`P
#`[)SX@-S`Y+C8\+V9O




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG/B`W
C$N


M(&9O;&QO=VEN9R!T86)L92!R96-O;F-I;&5S('1H92!5;FET960@4W1A=&5S
6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I
M;BUT;W`Z(#!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@



M;&]R.B
P
#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS

38P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT.7!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)




P
#`P
M


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P






M:61T:#H@


M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/E5N:71E9!3=&%T97



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M0T]


P
#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXS-2XP/]F


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P
#`[)SXS-2XP




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-G!X


P
#`P

M:61T:#H@
S

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/E-T871E(&%N9!L;V-A;!I;F-O;64@=&%X97

P
#`P
#`[)SXQ+C


#`P

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/C(N-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B@R+C`I/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
S
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
S
7!X


P
#`P


M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V



M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V



M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HS


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

M='

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


#`P
#`P


M
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI


#`P
M


T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#
S
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
S

T0G

P
#`P




P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P



P
#`P
#`[)SXH



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-#EP
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M



M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$V


#`P
#`P.VUI




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
S

M

P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T




M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T

#`P
#MM:6XM



7!X.V)O




6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;W`Z


3!P=#MM87)G



T0G



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/DEN($UI;&QI;VYS






#`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


M
C8L(`T*
C`Q
6QE/3-$



M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

M

#`P
#`P.VUI


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P






P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Y

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.


#`P
#`P.VUI


P
#`P
#`[

#`P
M




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-C$Y+C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`V


#`P


\


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-'!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P


#`P
#`P.VUI


#`P
M




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#(W-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`T-C$N
3PO9F]N=#X\

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(W-G!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


P
#`P
#`[)SY#87!I


#`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,3,N-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@


#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#4Y

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,3,P+C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q



M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q-3$N.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(W-G!X


P
#`P



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D



T0G=VED=&@Z(#8U

#`P
#MM:6XM


M:61T:#H@


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P




6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


T0G





M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(W-G!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ



#`P

Q-C`[





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

T0G=VED





M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(#$L


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW



#`P
#`P.VUI


P
#`P
#`[
M)SX@

M
#`P




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(W
M-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN


P
#`P
#`[



#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,38X+C,\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R.#DN
3PO9F]N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@-34N
3PO9F]N=#X\

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#4Y

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P




M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

P
#`P
#`[)SX@

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C8U

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

#`P
#`P.VUI



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C@N
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V-7!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`T-RXU

#`P
#`P


M8FEL:71I97

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z




M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4











6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

C8Q+C$\


G!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q+#$Q


M;3H@






3!P=#LG/F9O



'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T

'!T

M;'DZ5&EM97



M




3!P=#LG/B!M:6QL:6]N(')E;&%T97
@=&\@82!D969E



M

M5&EM97


@=&\@







3!P=#LG/B!L;W-S(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A













M



F4Z,3!P=#LG/FUI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^
M/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O






3!P=#LG/B!F;W(@=VAI8V@@;F\@=F%L=6%T:6]N(&%L;&]W86YC92!H
M87


3!P=#LG

C`Q



M;BUB;W1T;VTZ
'!T)SXF(S$V

T0G;6%R9VEN+71O

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT



M5&EM97




@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O


S
N-#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


#$U.R!A;F0@)#(Q+C8\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


#$\+V9O;G0^



'!T.R!M

M;BUT;W`Z


'!T.VUA



F4Z,3!P=#LG/B`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ5&EM97










3!P=#LG/B!F;W(@=7
@=&\@9&5T97)M







3`L('=E




C`Q

M92!0871I96YT(%!R;W1E8W1I;VX@86YD($%F9F]R9&%B;&4@0V%R92!!8W0L
M(&%S(&%M96YD960@8GD@=&AE($AE86QT:!#87)E(&%N9!%9'5C871I;VX@
M4F5C;VYC:6QI871I;VX@06-T(&]F(#(P













3
L(&EN
M(&-O;FIU;F-T:6]N('=I=&@@=&AE(&-O;G-E;G0@;V8@=&AE($-L87-S(#PO



3!P=#LG/B!I



@3F5W





@


C`Q
M

M


3!P=#MM87)G:6XM


@:6X@=&AE(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N


3!P=#LG












'!T)SXF
M(S$V


M;W1T;VTZ



R!T;R`U('EE

'!T




'!T

T0G

M



M;&4]


C`Q


M




M

C`Q
RP@=&AE

M


M(&%D:G5S=&UE;G1S(')E;&%T960@=&\@=&AE('1I;6EN9R!F;W(@9&5D=6-T
M:6YG(&%C8W)U960@8F]N=7
@97AP96YS97



M5&EM97



@9&ED







T0G





M

T0G;6%R9VEN+71O

'!T)SXF(S$V

M






3!P=#LG/FX@)#$Q+C4\






C`\



'!T




#`R('1O(#(P
#@N
M(%1H:7









'!T




6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S


M=&%X(&%D:G5S=&UE;G1S(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A


@82!R97-U;'0@;V8@=&AE('-A;&4@;V8@





M5&EM97





M07






3!P=#LG/FEN(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

M97





M

M97




3!P=#LG/B!M:6QL:6]N(&EN












M97



@
C`P
R!T;R`R





3!P=#LG/GEE87)S('1O('=H:6-H('=E(&AA



M97




M8V%L('EE87)S(#(P

@8VQO

N(%1H92!A=61I
M=!F;W(@9FES8V%L('EE87)S(#(P,#D@=&AR;W5G:`R
#$Q(&ES(&]N9V]I









'!T)SX\



@




N

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M


M=&QE;65N=X@1G5T=7)E(&-H86YG97,@:6X@:G5D9SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S



M9F9E8W0@96%R;FEN9W



M;W(@9FES8V%L(#(P
3
N(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A




3!P=#LG









M

M)W=I9'1H.B`R

M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$S
G!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HR


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P
M


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0V

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HU


M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,C,Q+C,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q



M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG/B`R
C8N

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR





M

M:#H@


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
C

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


7!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@
C

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


G!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


M
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M9'1H.B`T-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z



3U(Z

M;&4]

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`H-S0N,D\


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
7!X


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


M

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P




G!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V



C
R


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M



M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HU


M0T]


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0V

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
C
N

C
R








P
#`P



P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R
S$N

'!X


T0G







3!P=#LG/B`\

!B96YE9FET
M(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

M5&EM97










T0G9F]N

M;&EA8FEL:71I97


3!P=#LG/B`\+V9O






N
3PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL




T0G9F]N


L(&%N9!H860@/]F



T0G9F]N


3(\+V9O;G0^



M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C86$P86)B-U\X.6,Q7S1B831?.68V
M8U\S8C8U,6,T.&1D8CD-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M8V%A
&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T8F$T7SEF-F-?

M='
O4VAE970R
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M


]


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
M
C8L(#(P
3



14%315



M



14%315

T0G


3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E




M86YA;'ES:7



M:#H@

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$W.7!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ





#`P

Q




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4S

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-#AP
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


M=&@Z


M


M0T]



M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I



7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%


#`P
M


P
M
#`P

M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-C,N-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9`@

M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M
S


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(#

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


T0G=VED

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
M


P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@-C@N
6QE



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



#`P







P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ

3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[)SX@,3@W+CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M

M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`Q-S4N-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@




M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@






M96%S97



@86YD('-U


M;&4]







M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z


7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



M.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(X

T0G1D].

P
#`P
#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/C(P,30\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@






M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-S1P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M








#`P
#MM:6XM=VED



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P
M.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[)SXR

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-S0N,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T


#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[)SXR
M



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


#`P
#MM:6XM



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[)SXR
#$W/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-#4N,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@


#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[
M)SXR



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


#`P
#MM


M
#`P



M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3-P


#`P
#MM:6XM





T0G=VED


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SY4;W1A;!N;VYC86YC96QA8FQE(&9U='5R

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


W!X.R!B;W)D



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C8S

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`T+C(\+V9O

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

P
#`P
#`[;6EN
M+7=I9'1H.C(X


P
#`P
#`[
M)SY

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V
W!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C8S

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z,C@Q<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@
M5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#LG/E!R97-E;G0@=F%L=64@;V8@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G,@=6YD97(@8V%P:71A
M;!L96%S97

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[


M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`T+C`\+V9O;G0^

T0G;6%R9VEN+71O


T0G



M



M







3!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP

C8L(#(P
3
L('=E(&AA=F4@:7-S=65D(&=U87)A
M;G1E97

S4V+C
\+V9O;G0^/&9O



M:&5R(&]B;&EG871I;VYS(&]F(&YO;BUC;VYS;VQI9&%T960@869F:6QI871E






C8L(#(P
3



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M




38P.R!)

@;W(@;&ET:6=A
M=&EO;B!P96YD:6YG(&%S(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

M97


M


M87)T7V-A83!A8F(W7S@Y8S%?-&)A-%\Y9C9C7S-B-C4Q8S0X9&1B.0T*0V]N





]

M


3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'


M1TU%3E0@04Y$($=%3T=205!(24



M3D534R!314=-14Y4($%.1!'14]'4D%02$E#($E.1D]234%424]./]T9#X-

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O

F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.R<^($)54TE.15-3(%-%1TU%3E0@
M04Y$($=%3T=205!(24,@24Y&3U)-051)3TX\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
M,T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97

'!T



'!T)SXF(S$V

T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F



@3F5W(%)O


3

F4Z,3!P=#LG
M/C(Y+C,\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@




F4Z,3!P=#LG/G!E<F-E;G0\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y
M;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97

M



3)P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HP




L

M9')U9RP@9&]L;&%R(&%N9!D:7-C;W5N=!C:&%I;G












L('-H96QF('-T86)L



M;W)I97


L('-H

L(')E9G)I9V5R871E

N




M


M=&5G;W)I97


@3F5W


@86YD(&]P97)A=&]R


M87)K970@8F%K97)I97
N(%-U8G-T86YT:6%L;'D@86QL(&]F('1H:7

M;65N==S(&]P97)A=&EO;G,@87)E(&QO8V%T960@:6X@=&AE(%5N:71E9!3
M=&%T97

M9VEN+6QE9G0Z








M;'DZ5&EM97










M;&QO=W

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ




M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG

T0G=VED=&@Z

M
6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W`M=VED=&@Z





P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P









#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

Q

M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-W!X.R!B;W)D


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-3=P







'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R

#`P
#MM:6XM




M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

XR/]F



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$S

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.

#`P
#MM


M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#(U-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ


#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z



M
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@



#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M(S`P
#`P





M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U

M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG/B`Q+#DX

T0G=VED





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ





M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ


M0T]



P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G

P
#`P




#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
38L-C4W+CD\+V9O



M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3)P


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ


P
#`P
#`[5$58



#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P
#`[)SX@

M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B

M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M



3)P

M

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@52Y3+B!2971A:6P\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
BPS.3(N.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

#`P
M



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

P
#`P
#`[)SX@

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ


#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


M
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P






#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,S$T+C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\
M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-W!X.R!B

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG

T0G=VED


M;&4]


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M.B`Q

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[



M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



G!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P



M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z



M:61T:#H@


M;&4]

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M

M.B
P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
S(V+C$\+V9O


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3-P


G!X.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$R



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#(U-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


P
M
#`P

@*&=A:6XI/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO

W!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
G!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


M
#`P


M:&5R(&5X:70@8V]S='



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2


G!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M(S`P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@-XT/]F;VYT/CPO

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(U-G!X.R!B;W)D




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


W!X.R!B;W)D



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P





M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
BPU

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;W`Z


3!P=#MM87)G


M


M





M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

#L\+W1D

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(X-W!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-'!X



7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3
\+V9O;G0^





P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z




#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


#$R



31P
6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`W

M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

C`Q


P
#`P
M


P
M
#`P


T0G


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$S<'@[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T



M;&]R.B
P
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ




#`P



M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/C
L
#(T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


M9'1H.B`W

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW


P
M
#`P

T0G=VED

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

BPY

M9'1H.B`Q-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M



3U(Z

M

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Y.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



P
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

3-P

M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

BPY
S4N

M9'1H.B`Q-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M



3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,BPX,3(N-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9`@

M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

\+V9O;G0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M

M:#H@

M:61T:#H@

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/C(L-C$Q+C@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Y.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



P
#`P


M.B`Q-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[



P
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/C$L.3`R+CD\+V9O;G0^


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q


#`P

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-S-P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

CDX

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG

M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HW

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXQ+#DT-XW/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



#`P

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B!696=E



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z



M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

2PP.#(N-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT

M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M



P
#`P


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U-C
N-SPO


3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[)SX@3W1H97(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M


P
#`P
M





M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


T0G=VED=&@Z




M;&]R.B
P
#`P






M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$T

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-'!X


P
#`P





W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P




6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@




T0G;6%R9VEN+71O




M

M.B`R


M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT

P
#`P
#`[)SY);B!-

#`P
#`P.VUI


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG
M/C(P
3

#`P
#MM:6XM


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P















M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\





#`P

Q

M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V



M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C

M
C

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z
C

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M



M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\+V9O

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





#`P

M(S$V


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P






M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U+#(P
M


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


#`P
#`P




#`P




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


P
#`P
#`[

#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA







7!X.V)O






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
38L

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M





C


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR





#`P





#`P


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(S.'!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z
C

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/DEN($UI;&QI;VYS/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ


C8L(`T*
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M)B



#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[

M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V

M






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO


#`P

#L\

M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HR


T0G=VED

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q


#`P



P
#`P


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


P
#`P
#`[)SX@

T0G




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-S$T
M+C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-7!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED



M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
M,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@


C







P
#`P
M




P
#`P
#`[)SX@-S0Q+C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S


#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT


#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@





M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(S.'!X.R!B;W)D


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C
X




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HV


31P


M

#`P
#MM:6XM


#`P
#`P.VUI


M9'1H.B`U-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M

#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(S.'!X.R<^/&9O;G0@
M<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P<'0[0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[)SY)
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I

3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I

C`Q
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
M


#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S


#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G


#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS





M(S`P
#`P



#`P



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CPO


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR






#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


M.B`V

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


#`P



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CPO



#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
2PQ
C4N-#PO

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


T0G=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

T0G=VED

M9'1H.B`Q-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F
M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,C,X<'@[)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/E1O=&%L/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG


G!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z






M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^


'0O:'1M;#L@









T1T;W`^4U504$Q%345.5$%



3!P=#MF




T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

'!T)SX\9F]N



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


P
#`P
M

G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U
M

M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#4V

#`P
#MM:6XM



T0G=VED

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z






P
#`P
M




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$S

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.

#`P
#MM




'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P







T0G=VED


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB
M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,C<R<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/E1O=&%L/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S


T0G


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
2PT-#8N-#PO9F]N


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
G!X



G!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q+#
R


M='1O;3H@




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE



M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P







M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@






M
S

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

@86YD('!A8VMA9VEN9SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

P
#`P
#`[5$58



M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

S
U

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z
S

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG

T0G

P
M
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SXQ+#(R.XW/]F;VYT



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V



T0G=VED=&@Z(#
S
M-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN
M+7=I9'1H.C


P
#`P
#`[


#`P
#`P.VUI


#`P
M


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U.7!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4Y

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/B@R
C$N.D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@


M.B
P
#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U.7!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B@R
C(N-RD\+V9O;G0^

M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C)P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I
M9'1H.C


P
#`P
#`[)SY4

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS




M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%





P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


T0G;6%R9VEN+71O


T0G



M

M



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O


T0G9F]N

C`Q
M


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M






@3F5W(%)O


3
\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


C`Q






2X@5&AE(&1I
M9F9E<F5N8V4@8F5T=V5E;B!R97!L86-E;65N=!C;W-T(&%N9!T:&4@<W1A
M=&5D($Q)1D\@:6YV96YT;W)Y('9A;'5E(&ES(&YO=!M871E<FEA;&QY(&1I






S


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S


C8L(`T*
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
W!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$S

2`R-RP-C(P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P



M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
S
M
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN
M+7=I9'1H.C
S


P
#`P
#`[

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q.3
N




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G

P
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\




S

M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S
R

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/B`@

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I
M9'1H.C
S


P
#`P
#`[)SX@

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`U

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W

G!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T











'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M;G



#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)


M87D@
C8L(`T*
C`Q
6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT
2`R-RP-C(P


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V
'!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
M

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN




'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#8P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q
#$N




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M

P
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#
Q-7!X.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
Q


P
#`P
#`[)SX@(!=6EL
M9&EN9W

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z




M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
2PY.#`N-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS
35P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`P+C,\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`P+C
\

M.B`Q

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M
#`P


M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



G!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

G!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


W!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3-P


#`P
#MM:6XM


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

W!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

R+CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL


M.B
P
#`P





M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M871E9!D97!R96-I871I;VX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#4L
M




M:#H@


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



T0G=VED=&@Z(#
Q-7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$S

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z






M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



'!T

M

'!X.SX\

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[

M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HU


P
#`P
#`[5$58

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
S
G!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
W!X



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ



#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HU




M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].

P
#`P




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#4V

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



S

M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

P
#`P

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
S

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



P
#`P

M(S$V

P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@

M9'1H.B`Q

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P


S


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

W!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$S






M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@


#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS


M
#L@8F]R9&5R

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W`M=VED=&@Z








S



'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU-G!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)


C8L(`T*
C`Q
SPO9F]N
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
W!X.R!B

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

2`R-RP-C(P
3(\+V9O


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


S


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M
S

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@($%C
M8W)U960@=')A9&4@86YD(&-O;G-U;65R('!R;VUO=&EO;G

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-C,U+C,\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT



M
S

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C

7!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HU


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
S8W



#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2







P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#
S
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[
M;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
S


P
#`P
M



#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

Y+C(\




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



P
#`P
#`[)SX@.3$N




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P







#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


M;&4]

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

M;&4]

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C`N-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS






#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S


G!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



G!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS


6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4V

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

M;&4]




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HS







P
#`P
M


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G;6%R9VEN+71O




M

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B



#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P
M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#
P
'!X.R!B;W)D


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D]T:&5R(&YO


M


M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
P
'!X.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
P
M


P
#`P
#`[)SX@(!!8V-R
M=65D(&-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B!A;F0@8F5N969I=',L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R`-B`@



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ


#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


M)W=I9'1H.B`U

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
2PX-3
N


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS


W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



T0G=VED

P
#`P
M



3U(Z



M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

W!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$S






M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
P
M

M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\


G!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q+#DU

M







M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@




3!P=#LG/D5A
6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;BUT;W`Z(#!P
M=#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E;G1E

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#(T



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/DEN($UI




T0G=VED


P
#`P

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


G!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P










#`P




#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z




M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ



#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


P
#`P
M

'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


M


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].

P
#`P


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

BXV/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/]T


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SY297-E87)C:!A;F0@

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M

7!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU
M


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C0U+C0\


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
G!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M




P
M
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(T


P
#`P

M;'5D:6YG(`T*('!R;V1U8W1I;VX@86YD(&-O;6UU;FEC871I;VX@8V]S='
I




T0G=VED=&@Z(#4Q


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
W!X





M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`X-#

M9G0Z




T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#(W
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(W

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0W(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


P
#`P




M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M;&EO;G




M.B`Q

M=&@Z


M


M0T]






M

M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(W



P
#`P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


G!X.R!B;W)D97(M


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

G!X

7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M

M9'1H.B`Q

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P


T0G

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G

P
#`P



W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-3%P



M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

M

P
#`P




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R

M9'1H.B`Q

M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3-P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

M

M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M



'!T

@86UO


M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR






M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



P
#`P

M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M

M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H




3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[)SX@,S0T+C,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@



M;&4]


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#
S



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
G!X




#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
M
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

M

P
#`P
#`[)SX@-CDY+C

M97AT4&%R=%]C86$P86)B-U\X.6
Q7S1B831?.68V8U\S8C8U
6
T.&1D8CD-










]

T0G;6%R9VEN+71O

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.R<^+CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S


M+6QE9G0Z

#$R(&9O;&QO=W


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR





M




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T

#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E<CMB;W)D97(M
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,3(U<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M;&4]




#`P


M.B`Q
'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW



T0G

M;W`M=VED=&@Z


P
#`P

M(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;&]R.B
P
#`P


M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$S
M

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z





M.B`U

M=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[


6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U
7!X.R!B;W)D



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M

C`Q

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S


6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

C`Q

#`P
#`P.VUI

6QE




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

C`Q

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G

P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(P
7!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

M


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

#4Q

M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$S

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



P
#`P
#`[)SX@




M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z






P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4V

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`T+#@X

T0G


#`P
M


P
M
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#4Q

#`P
#MM:6XM



7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


#`P
M

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-PT
S`N-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M;&4]

M;&4]



#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

#MT
M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\+V9O


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



P
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q+#4Y-XW/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT


#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S


M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I





#`P
#MM:6XM


#`P
#`P.VUI


#`P
M


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M
'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN



P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT


#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@
M-30Q+C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,SDX+C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

Y
2XU/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
S8V
M+C

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#(P
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[
M;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(P


P
#`P
M
#`[)SY%4%

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


T0G=VED

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P

Q-C`[


#`P

Q


#`P

M)B


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU
7!X




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@(!87-I8SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T

'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXD/]F



#`P

M

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


M
#`P


P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#=P

M-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P



M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P



P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@(!$



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z



#`P
M

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,XX
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


M

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,XX
M

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,XV


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z



#`P
M

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,XU-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P



P
#`P
M



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`P+C
S


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


T0G=VED=&@Z

M.B`Q-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,XS


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ

3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[)SX@,XS

#`P
#`P.VUI


P
#`P
#`[



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`P+C
P
'0M
M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-W!X
M.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`P+C
S


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P




'!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


M
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN



#`P
M


#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL


#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P


M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


M)W=I9'1H.B`R

'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q
'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P






M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


3U(Z


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#4\

M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$W

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

#`P
#MM


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M)SX@


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M


P
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M






M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%




M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M9'1H.B`U

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`S-BXX.3PO9F]N=#X\

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M)B



M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4


M)SX@-#`N

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P
#`[



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^


#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


#`P
#MM:6XM



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


P
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ



M




3!P=#LG/B!Q=6%R=&5R




3!P=#LG/G1I97

@3F5W




M9FEN86P@861J=7-T;65N='

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O


RXV(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT






M;65N='


3!P=#LG/C


3!P=#LG/B!M:6QL:6]N(#PO9F]N=#X\



Q7S1B831?.68V8U\S
M8C8U
6








]
M
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@









P
#`P

M97

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M9'1H.B`R

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M
#`P



\

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3-P




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


M.B`R

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


#`P
M


W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[


#`P

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



M;&4]


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I
M9'1H.C$Y


M0T]


#`P
M


6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U.7!X.R!B;W)D



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3$\


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


T0G=VED

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D)A;&%N8V4@870@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]F

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z



#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P

'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P




T0G=VED=&@Z(#4Y

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,3,N,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D)A9!D96)T('=R:71E+6]F
M9G,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
X
W!X


P
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU.7!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)

3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[)SX@*#4N-BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@


M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




7!X


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0W

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

T0G=VED=&@Z




P
#`P
#`[)SY686QU871I;VX@86QL




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P



6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S.#0N-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`T
#0N-3PO9F]N






P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S
M.3(N

#`P
#`P


W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


#`P
#MM


W!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HR


#`P
#MM


M:61T:#H@


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T






M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

M)B


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,XU

#`P
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P










3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M)SX@,S@T+C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
C-P


P
#`P
#`[)SY2




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW



P
#`P
#`[;6EN

6QE/3-$)W=I

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M



T0G=VED=&@Z(#
X
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
X

M

P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@


#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(S

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

P
#`P
#`[
M)SX@


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#
X

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P

M:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

P
#`P





T0G=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P




#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

3DN-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C)P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


P
#`P
#`[)SX@

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z



M;W`M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

CPO9F]N=#X\

M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
X
M

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z


6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M



M:61T:#H@

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/D)A;&%N8V4@870@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]F('EE87(\+V9O;G0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,38X
M+C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)





'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#`N.2D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P




W!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T



P
#`P

M(S$V

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
X
M

M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M

M(S`P
#`P






#`P



P
#`P

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI


P
#`P
#`[
M)SX@

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C86$P86)B-U\X.6
Q7S1B
M831?.68V8U\S8C8U
6



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W



@*%!O;&EC:65S


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'

M;VYG/E-534U!4ED@3T8@4TE'3DE&24-!3E0@04-#3U5.5$E.1R!03TQ)0TE%

]


]

M

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I





T1T
M;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97


M=&%L:6
[;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z

\+V9O;G0^/&9O


M+6QE9G0Z

M=&5S(&]T:&5R('1H86X@9W)A:6X@83PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

@3F5W






M










'!T.R!M87)G:6XM

M

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97







6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;BUT;W`Z
'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T

@3F5W


M:7

@86YD


@87)E(&-H87)G


M=&5D(&]V97(@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O







M
C8L(#(P
3



38P




;VYG+6QI

M97(@979E;G1S(&]R(&-H86YG97

















M:6
[;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z



M

@8F%S960@



@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET



L(&UA

@


\+V9O;G0^



C`Q




M)SXL(#(P






@=V5R92!S=6)S=&%N=&EA





@:6X@9&ES=')I


L(&]V97(@

@3F5W(%)O



M;&4]




3!P






T0G9F]N


'!T

@







M93II=&%L:6





'!T.V9O;G0M








@3F5W






@


@3F5W





M





M='
@87

T0G;6%R9VEN


M



M93HQ




3!P




@=V]U






@;V8@


]
T1R



M





'!T

M97

M97




M:71I;VXL('=E(&UA:V4@861V86YC97


N



M
'!T)SXF(S$V






M

M


3!P










3!P=#LG/G-I9VYI9FEC86YT(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F




T0G

@3F5W








3!P=#LG/B!A;F0@82!D:7-C;W5N



F4Z,3!P=#LG/BP\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@
M<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97

M93HQ






M

[;6%R9VEN+6QE
M9G0Z

M;&4]

'!T)SX\9F]N

#$Q+!W
M92!A8W%U:7)E9!A(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


M

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97





3!P=#LG

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97







6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/B!M87AI



M



@3F5W(%)O;6%N





3!P=#LG/D-O;G-O;&ED871E9!86QA;F-E(%
\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@




M86UI;'DZ5&EM97



@;VX@;W5R($

M

M97






M

M;&4]








@






M;W`Z


]

]
M

'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T

@3F5W


M5&EM97




'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P


G!T.R!M87)G:6XM

@






3!P=#LG/B!W92!H860@:6YV97-T960@:6X@9CPO9F]N=#X\


M86UI;'DZ5&EM97


M8FQE(&EN=&5R97-T(&5N=&ET:65S(A6245S*2X@/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T

M
3!P=#LG/DYO;F4@;V8@;SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

@




M;&EQ=6ED:71Y(&%S(&]F(&%N9!F;W(@=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@/]F;VYT



C`Q



M;&4]

M5DE%)W

M;F0@8F5N969I='


3!P=#LG

T0G9F]N





M17






M

[;6%R9VEN+6QE
M9G0Z



3!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP




@8FEL;&5D('1O('1H








@;W(@;W5T;&5T


@9V5N97)A;&QY(&1O(&YO


@;W5R


L(&%S(&1E=&5R








M

[;6%R9VEN+6QE
M9G0Z






M=&EO;G

@9F]R(&%N=&EC:7!A=&5D(')E;65D:6%T

M;BUT;W`Z



]

T0G;6%R9VEN+71O

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT



'!T

M;'DZ5&EM97



@;V8@861V



38P.SPO








M86UI;'DZ5&EM97




M;VTZ











T1T;W`^1F]R96EG;B!#







M5')A;G-L871I;VX@861J=7-T;65N='

M97


F4Z,3!P=#LG/FQO<W,\+V9O;G0^/&9O
M;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M




3!P


@

@9F]R
M('=H:6-H('-E='1L96UE;G0@:7
@;F]T('!L86YN960@9F]R('1H92!F;W)E

@86YD


3!P=#LG/D%/0TD\+V9O;G0^/&9O



M;'DZ5&EM97




M







M;F0@969F96-T:79E(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


@;VX@9&5R:79A=&EV92!I;G-T
















'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P

'!T.R!M87)G



]



M



M;VX@=&AE(&1A=&4@;V8@9W)A;G0N(%=E(&5S=&EM871E('1H92!V86QU92!O



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M



M:&4@=F5S=&EN9R!P97)I;V0N(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

@3F5W(%)O





F4Z,3!P=#LG/BD@97AP
M96YS97,\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@


T0G

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97




M









3!P=#LG/B!T97)M:6YA=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N








T0G9F]N

@;V8@=&%X(&1E
M9'5C=&EO;G








]

M4&QA;G



[;6%R
M9VEN+6QE9G0Z







M9&]M97-T:6




M8F5N969I='





@;V8@






3!P=#MM87)G




'!T.R!M87)G:6XM

M


]

M;&4]

'!T)SX\9F]N

6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;BUT;W`Z
M

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97




M:6YC:7!L97
@9V5N97)A;&QY(&%C8V5P=&5D(&EN('1H92!5;FET960@4W1A




@:6YC;'5D92!O=7(@86-C;W5N=&EN9R!F

L(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S+#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N







[;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z

6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;BUT;W`Z
'!T

M;'DZ5&EM97











T0G









3!P=#LG/E1H














3!P=#LG/BX@5&AE(&%D;W!T:6]N(&]F('1H
M:7


'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T

'!T

M;'DZ5&EM97









@

@=&AE(&]B;&EG871I;VX@


M;FEF:6-A;G0@=&\@=&AE(%9)12X@5&AE(&%D;W!T:6]N(&]F('1H92!G=6ED

M(&]P97)A=&EO;G


M
&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T8F$T7SEF-F-?
V(V-3%C-#AD9&(Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO
M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-A83!A8F(W7S@Y8S%?-&)A-%\Y9C9C7S-B





^+RH@1&\@


$4Q



M1#$^

C`Q



]



]



'!X

3

T0G


T0G=VED=&@Z(#
X.'!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P








'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
X.'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




7!X


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


'!T.R!M87)G


M

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97






M/B8C



M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M17AP96YS92P@:6X@36EL;&EO;G
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS




#`P

Q-C`[


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H
M.C
Y


P
#`P
#`[)SY#:&%R

M:61T:#H@


M.B
P
#`P


M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`Q+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT





W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^



#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@


M

T0G;6%R



'!T





M;W1T;VTZ
'!T)SXF(S$V


M

M;&4]

'!X


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-31P


T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#
Y

M=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M



P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#
Y



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D-H87)G97

W!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


#`P
#MM




M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`T+C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



3-P


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M.B
P
#`P


M93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/D-O;G1R86-T(`T*5&5R;6EN871I;VX\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


M0V]S='

T0G=VED


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

@
M;V8@36%Y(#


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`X+C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
XQ/]F;VYT/CPO

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV



P
#`P
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]

M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT





M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



P
#`P



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
BXV



#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@*#`N

M;&4]


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q-W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%


C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,2XW/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^



M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[
M)SXR
#$R(&-H87)G97
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`Q

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

M:#H@

M)W=I9'1H.B`V

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


P
#`P
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`X


M

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#$N,D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


M
#`P


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G

P
#`P
#`[)SX@.#
N

M0T]





M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`P+C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P




M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HV


P
#`P
#`[
M)SX@
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ


#`P
#MM


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I




M9'1H.B`R


M.B
P
#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


M
#`P


M9'1H.B`Q

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#(N-RD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-C%P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M




7!X

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M




P
#`P



P
#`P





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-S5P


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N

#`P
#MM




&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T
M8F$T7SEF-F-?

O4VAE970S



M(&ED/3-$240P15I!04


3(@

C`Q



]



]



M


#`P


P
#`P
#`[

W!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T



P
#`P

M(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U
'!X

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR-3AP
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O


#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ


M


M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].

P
#`P


6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U

#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-3,W+C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U
C(N
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SY!9V=R96=A
M=&4@861V86YC97,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M


P
#`P
M

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R
W!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C-P


#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


M
#`P



]


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#(U.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


M0T]





6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O



M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U
'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

C`Q



#`P
M


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

M;&4]

P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(U

M

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG

M;&4]


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



'!X

7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q

M

M


M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q


M;&]R.B
P
#`P


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SY.970@861V86YC
M97,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P



M

M.B
P
#`P


M0T]


M(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P







#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)





M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[

M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C)P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HU


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M-C@N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW

6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`U



M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`W


]

]
T1T97AT/CQD:78^

M;BUT;W`Z
#L@
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC;VQO<CHC
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0X(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@


P
#`P

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@


T0G=VED=&@Z
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G


M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P,3(\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-G!X.R!B;W)D97(M






M.B`U

M=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO

M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(T



P
#`P




M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C



M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-G!X



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H




7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I





#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R+#$S

M;&4]



#`P

T0G

P
#`P




#`P

#L\






P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R+#`V

M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

P
#`P
#`[)SX@-#(P+C4\


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI



3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-#(X+CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



P
#`P
#`[)SX@


M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H
M.C(T


P
#`P
#`[)SY4;W1A

M
6QE/3-$

M;W`M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P

M)SXF(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z




#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@



P
#`P
M




#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R+#0U
BXR/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/]T




P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V


P
#`P
M


M


M(S`P
#`P


M;W`M=VED=&@Z

M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
2PP-S
N-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT


#`P


M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C8P+C
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,C4P+C,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@


#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M

M


#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M0T]



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU
7!X


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
38T+C(\+V9O



M



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/DEN($UI;&QI






#`P
M

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)


M87D@
C8L(`T*
C`Q
6QE



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT
2`R-RP-C(P


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

P
#`P


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR




#`P

M

P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(U.'!X.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(U


P
#`P
#`[)SY.;VYC=7)R


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P



T0G

P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

'!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU
'!X


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
2PV-S$N
#PO




#`P


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@




M;&]R.B
P
#`P





&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T8F$T7SEF-F-?
V(V-3%C-#AD
M9&(Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-A83!A8F(W7S@Y

S$N



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C












'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S


C8L(`T*
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U.7!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4Y

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






T0G=VED=&@Z(#



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D]T:&5R(&EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S971S
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V
W!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



T0G=VED=&@Z(#4Y

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW





W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

M

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN



P
#`P

G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S`W

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@26YT86YG



W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V


M:#H@

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P



M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D







'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V
W!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M



P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



T0G=VED=&@Z(#
P-W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE




6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R



















P
#`P
#`[
M)SX@-2PP
34N

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F
M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,S`W<'@[)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/E1O=&%L/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


M


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3
L-C
W+C
\


G!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q


]

M=VEL;!;5&%B;&4@5&5X=!;&]C:UT\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]



P
#`P

M;&4]











M:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M





T0G=VED=&@Z


M.B
P
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



P
#`P

C`Q


M

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


M
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@-2PP.3@N

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W`M=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



#`P

M

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3(R+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S


M0T]



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^

M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P

M
#L@




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

T0G

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P




#`P

T0G

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z
M(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M

M.B
P
#`P


M0T]

M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#`N-2D\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P

'!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX
'!X


P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#$N.2D\+V9O



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V



M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB
M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M


#`P

M(S$V


7!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


M
'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z,7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@

T0G

M
#`P


M
#`P


7!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)B



#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M

#`P
#`P.VUI

6QE



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

7!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)B



#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M

#`P
#`P





M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Y-7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D)A;&%N8V4@87
@;V8@36%Y


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM


M

M

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z



#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ



#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@

M



3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[)SX@.3(Q+C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M

M

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z



#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ



#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M

M





'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P

#L\+W1D

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^


#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D
M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\
M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




#`P



M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO

M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V
'0M86QI
M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,7!X.R<^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



M:#H@
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[


M)W=I9'1H.B`U-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT


#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z


M


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#$Q.2XQ*3PO9F]N


#`P

M)SXF(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X
M

M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#%P


P
#`P
#`[


M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P

#L\+W1D
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-G!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
3@U





M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@.3@Y+CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\
M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX



P
#`P

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-#4X+C,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\
M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ




#`P



P
#`P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




G!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ


#`P
#MM:6XM


7!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



#`P
#`P.VUI


P
#`P
#`[
M)SX@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R

P
#`P
#`[;6EN





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


3U(Z


#`P

M)SXF(S$V


7!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


M.B`W-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P
M,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@

M

M(S`P
#`P



#`P



M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^

M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M


#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(`@<W1Y;&4]




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

7!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)B



#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@
3@N

#`P
#`P






M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;&4]


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-3=P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

7!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
7!X




#`P
M


P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@




M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D)A;&%N8V4@
M87

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U+#@T

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F
M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

#MB;W)D

G!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C@P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Y
C$N



P
M
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#4W


P
#`P


#`P

#L\+W1D

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z







'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




@



M:#H@


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[





#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C1P


#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([

T0G


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(P
G!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D)A;&%N8V4@87
@;V8@
M36%Y(#


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


P
M
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`T-#4N,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@



#`P







#`P

#L\+W1D





#)P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[





#`P
#MM


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M:#H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[



M
#`P


P
#`P
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@

T0G

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

M0T]


M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




#`P
#MM:6XM


#`P
#`P.VUI



P
M
#`P



M;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ







#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-7!X







M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M




M;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@-3
N
#PO9F]N=#X\

M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(P
M


P
#`P
#`[5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#LG/D)A;&%N8V4@87,@;V8@36%Y(#(Y+`R



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

L
C0R+C4\+V9O;G0^




P
#`P

M(S$V


M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q


#`P

M)B


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW-7!X


P
#`P
#`[)SX@-S(N.3PO9F]N



M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

L.#$S+C
\

M.B`Q

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M
#`P


M:#H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[



M
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
2PP-3`N
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
M,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G


M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P





#`P
#MM:6XM


#`P
#`P.VUI



P
M
#`P



M;&]R.B
P
#`P

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(P
G!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@




P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
RXW*3PO9F]N


#`P

M)SXF(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W

M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`H



M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
35P


#`P
#MM:6XM



M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ



#`P
#`P.VUI


P
#`P
#`[
M)SX@




M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


T0G=VED=&@Z

T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

M



3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[)SX@-PW
#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC;VQO

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C`N
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R.3`N-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D
M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\
M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



#`P


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M)W=I9'1H.B`W-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z
M(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P

M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
W!X



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@
M*#0N-BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-'!X.R!B

M

#`P
#MM:6XM




#`P

T0G

P
#`P
#`[)SX@

M


M;&]R.B
P
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

#L@8F]R9&5R+71O<US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D)A;&%N8V4@87
@



M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4






P
#`P
#`[)SX@
RPS


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\


G!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P




M;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

#`P
M



#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^



#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@








]

T1)1#!%1$9!0SX-




C`Q

]





P
M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)



#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M



M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M



P
#`P

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M





M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([

M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S





'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T.7!X.R!B;W)D97(M



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)

C`Q

M(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q








M


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&


M:'0[)SXR

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S


M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T



P
#`P

M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M



M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3
\+V9O




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$S


#`P
#MM:6XM




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SY!=F%I;&%B;&4@9F]R('-A;&4Z/]F




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU.7!X



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



W!X

7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z




M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M



#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


P
M
#`P





M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M;&]R.B
P
#`P





#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

M('-E8W5R:71I97

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z



#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ

3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[)SX@,3,T+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P



M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,3,T+C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@

'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-3(N,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,XQ/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB
M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4


W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M;&4]

P
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P-'!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@
M17%U:71Y('-E8W5R:71I97



#`P

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


#`P
M




M9'1H.B`Q

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P


M93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`V+C0\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ




T0G=VED


M;&4]


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T.7!X

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

M:#H@


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T.7!X.R!B

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M:#H@
#L@8F]R

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q




'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






W!X.R!B;W)D97(M



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P







M


M0T]


#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@



P
#`P



M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4










#MB;W)D

G!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0Y

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z







3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/E-C:&5D=6QE($]F($UA='5R:71I97
@3V8@079A:6QA





M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z

M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ




M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I



M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@

T0G=VED=&@Z

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P





3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@
M,3,P+C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!

T0G=VED

#`P
M




#`P


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z




T0G=VED=&@Z(#4S

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG

M
#`P


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P

Q-C`[


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,2XX/]F;VYT

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
31P


#`P
#MM:6XM





M
#`P


P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG


G!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q

]
T1R;SX-


T1B;W)D

'!X.SX\='(^/'1D

#L@8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY&:7-C86P@
#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B,P
M,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C,V-G!X.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U7

P
#`P


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3-P


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HU


M0T]


#LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]



6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

C`Q


P
#`P
M
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C


P
M
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM







M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


'!X.R!B;W)D



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q-C`N
SPO

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M/B8C

'!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HU


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
S4N

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



P
M
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C


P
#`P


'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG/B`H

#`P
#`P






M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[






M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z












M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

#0N
M


G!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P


]

]
T1T97AT/CQD




P
#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-7!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

#$S

'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P




P
#`P

M(S$V
2`R-RP-C(P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#(Q

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%



P
#`P

M;&4]


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(`@<W1Y;&4]



#`P

M

P
#`P

M


M(S`P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR




#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,2XQ/]F;VYT



M;&]R.B
P
#`P



#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P
#`[)SX@

M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HR



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO


P
#`P



M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M







#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I



P
#`P





M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$X

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^





]
T1T




P
#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z
3

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY087D@

M:61T:#H@



#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/E1R96%S=7)Y($QO8VMS/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/]T


7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

P
XP/]F



M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R-3`N
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
S-P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

T0G=VED

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


#`P
#`P.VUI


#`P
#`P



3U(Z

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q

'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[)SXR


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

XP/]F;VYT


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

3





7!X




#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z
3

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG
M/B`U-3`N

#`P
#`P.VUI


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB
M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY-87D@
C8L
M(#(P
3


M97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I






M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([


#MT97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q,'!X
M.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P<'0[0T],3U(Z(
P
M
#`P

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P











P
#`P
M







'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P



M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
'!X



7!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M0T]

3PO

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#MM





M






P
#`P

M:61T:#H@


#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M.B`Q

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[


T0G


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z







M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT




M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO


6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
'!X.R!B;W)D97(M



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M



M:61T:#H@

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

@*&$I(AB*2`\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N

P
#`P
M



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4


'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.

#`P
#MM



M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S


'!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED



M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#$N

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M




#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&







M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M
#`P





M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M
6QE/3-$

M;W`M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-7!X.R!B;W)D97(M



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

M
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S


'!X.R!B;W)D




T0G=VED=&@Z(#0V


P
#`P




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[


M(S`P
#`P



'!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z



M:#H@


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W`M=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P


M;&4]

M;&4]


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\



M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M

C$P

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG

M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ


#`P
#`P


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P


'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



#`P

Q-C`[



P
#`P

M(S$V

'!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


T0G=VED

P
#`P
M



M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4


'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



'!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ


#`P
#MM:6XM



M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT-'!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)


M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ


#`P
M



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

P
#`P
#`[)SX@

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q
'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q

M;&4]

P
#`P

@*&$I

'!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ


#`P
#MM:6XM



M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ


'!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ


#`P
#MM



M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4


'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`M



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
M,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@*#

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z



#`P

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE


M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED


M;&4]


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;&4]




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

#`P
#`P.VUI

6QE



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P






'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M




T0G=VED


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/E1O

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z




#`P
M

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)








P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T






P
#`P
#`[)SX@


M.B
P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ





M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG




M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

M
6QE/3-$

M;W`M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H
M.C(Q



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ



P
#`P
#`[;6EN

6QE/3-$)W=I

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M


M


M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S


M;&]R.B
P
#`P






M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO


6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
'!X.R!B;W)D97(M



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V



M)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO

M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V
'0M86QI
M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN




M;&4]

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q
'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q



P
#`P

M97-T;65N='

M9'1H.B`Q

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P



'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN



P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P

M)SXF(S$V

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

M:61T:#H@

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

P
#`P
#`[


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@







M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-#1P


M.B`Q

M=&@Z


M


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3
T+C$\+V9O




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$P


#`P
#MM:6XM






M;&]R.B
P
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





3!P
6QE/3-$)W=I

M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-G!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

M
6QE/3-$

M;W`M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-G!X.R!B;W)D97(M



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P





L(&QI86)I;&ET:65S
M+!A;F0@9&5R:79A=&EV92`-B!P;W-I=&EO;G


P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



P
#`P
#`[)SX@

M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT




P
#`P
#`[)SX@






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!

M(S`P
#`P






M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS




M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q.30N
3PO9F]N


M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M/B8C



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z



M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z



M:61T:#H@

P
#`P


7!X


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


P
#`P


M=&@Z


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





3!P=#LG/B8C
M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.U1H97-E




6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M

3!P=#LG/F]T:&5R




M8FEL:71I97


M:6YV97-T;65N='

M:79A;&5N='



'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A




#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V

@87)E(')E8V]R9&5D(&%S('!R97!A
M:60@97AP96YS97





M;VTZ




3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C




3!P=#MM

T0G9F]N



38P




M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
M



#`P

M)SXF(S$V

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#(R

M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR







#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT-'!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)


3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!B;W)D








P
#`P


7!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([
M)SY



#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z


#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M:61T:#H@





M93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,
M24=..B!C96YT97([)SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9`@








#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT

M)B



6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
'!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z



M:#H@

#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B,P,#`P
M,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0V<'@[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9`@


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].

P
#`P




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB
M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P

T0G

P
#`P

'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT

T0G1D].

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
M,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G

P
M
#`P





#`P

T0G

P
#`P

'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P





M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/E1O=&%L(#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT


P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3!P


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M


#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z




#`P
M


P
M
#`P

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT

T0G1D].

P
#`P
#`[)SX@



M.B
P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ





M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P







P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$P


#`P
#MM:6XM



7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


#`P
M


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R
#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q,'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P






#`P

M)SXF(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



T0G=VED=&@Z(#0V

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW



#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P
#`[

6QE/3-$

M;W`M=VED=&@Z

M
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q
'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q

M;&4]

P
#`P


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P

M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V


3!P

T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM


#`P
#`P





M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

C$P

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG

@*&$I(AB*2`\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\



'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO



#`P



P
#`P


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




M:61T:#H@

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M



3U(Z


M
#`P


P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

M:#H@

T0G

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[



3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[)SX@*#$N,2D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@

T0G

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[





M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V



'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-#1P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT



P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB
M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#`N,2D\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#`N,2D\+V9O;G0^/]T


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C$P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@0V]M;6]D

M

M.B
P
#`P


M0T]

M

M.B
P
#`P


M0T]



#`P

T0G

P
#`P

'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
M,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G

P
M
#`P





#`P

T0G

P
#`P

'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P



M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q



P
#`P
#`[)SX@($=R86EN(&-O;G1R86-T

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P


T0G


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

M:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@.XS/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@.XS



M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M(S`P
#`P




#`P

M

P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#(P+C8I/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B



T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#(Q

M=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

T0G=VED

M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`X+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@




M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-#1P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M






P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED






'!X

7!X


T0G=VED


3U(Z

M.B`Q

M=&@Z


M


M0T]



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ





M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HR



T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#`P.VUI



#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P
M

6QE



M(S`P
#`P






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\



M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M



6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`R

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M





M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M/B8C

M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



M:#H@

T0G

M
#`P



M;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



M=F5S=&UE;G1S(AA*2`H9BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U+C

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P

'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

T0G

P
M
#`P



M9'1H.B`Q

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



#`P
M


P
M
#`P




M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



#`P



P
#`P






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
'!X



7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`M




6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

#`P
#MM


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






M;&]R.B
P
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-#9P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C)P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I
M9'1H.C(Q


P
#`P
#`[)SY4





M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED







#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].

P
#`P




#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


G!X.R!B;W)D



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z






'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ


P
#`P
#`[



#`P

T0G

P
#`P


M+6)O='1O;3H@

M5&EM97


Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B



M93HQ


M97


\+V9O




M)SX@;W1H97(@;&EA8FEL:71I97






T0G






#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V

@87)E(')E8V]R
M9&5D(&%S('!R97!A:60@97AP96YS97







'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C








M





T1B;W)D97(M


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P

#L\+W1D

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z

@('-T




#`P

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%





T0G=VED

@




#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%




M

#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY4;W1A;#PO

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HR


#`P
#MM


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E;G1E

#`P
M


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(R-G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


M;&4]



M=&@Z








3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@


T0G=VED=&@Z


#`P
M


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



P
#`P

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[




M
#`P

T0G1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P,3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\



M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT-'!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

C`Q

#`P
#MM


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M
C`Q

M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


#`P
M


P
#`P
M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(R-G!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

@:6X@0V%S




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[



#`P

M
#MT97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P

M(S$V




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.CAP




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED



#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z



#`P
#`P.VUI



M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M




M(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P





M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^







#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P

T0G1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\




M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.

#`P
#MM


P
#`P
#`[)SX@



M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


P
#`P

3U(Z

T0G=VED=&@Z(#

M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT


#`P
M

6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[0T]


P
#`P
M


P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P





M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
M

T0G=VED=&@Z

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[)SX@*#@N,BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

#`P
#`P.VUI


#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(`@<W1Y;&4]

M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N
#LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P

#L\

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO
#LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0T

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


P
#`P
M




M0T]

'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT-'!X

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`H,XU*3PO9F]N
#LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

#`P
#MM:6XM


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


P
#`P
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y
M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#

M;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
M


M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


P
#`P



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

#LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(R-G!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


M-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED

#`P
M


M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL


M;&]R.B
P
#`P

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P

Q-C`[

M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V
#LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]

M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-#1P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


M-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN

#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC;VQO

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


P
#`P



M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P




M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M
#LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#

M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z.'!X


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS


M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM


#`P
M


#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


P
#`P


#`P

M(S$V


#`P
#`P.VUI


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG/B`H


P
#`P
#`[;6EN





#`P

T0G

M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#

M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P



M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]

M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#(R-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[


M)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y
M;&4]

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\
#LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#

M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M)B


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS-7!X


M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#0T

#`P
#MM:6XM


#`P
#MM


#`P
#`P


M)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


P
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^


#`P

M
#LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



#`P
#`P

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
M


'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P

#L\
#LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X<'@[('1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H




M0T]

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3$N-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[

M;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
2XS*3PO9F]N

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z.'!X






M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M




M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M
38N

#`P
#MM:6XM


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG/B`H


M

@3F5W


Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B



M;VTZ




3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

M=&\@96%R;FEN9W
@:7


M='

@


Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B

M5&EM97


M:6X@96%R;FEN9W
@:7


M93HQ


3!P=#LG



M









#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
F4Z,3!P=#LG/B`H;&]S<RD\+V9O
M;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N




T0G9F]N

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97



M

T0G9F]N



&-H86YG
M92!C;VYT<F%C=',N/]F;VYT/CPO<#X\<W!A;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@
M(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@/]B;V1Y/@T*/]H=&UL/@T*







]

T1)1#!%6D8^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(V+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@





M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

#L\+W1D


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M


M.B`S

M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C






M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT




M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-39P



M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-W!X



7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/E=E:6=H=&5D+0T*

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
W!X



7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]




M:'0[)SY796EG:'1E9T-D%V97)A9V4-DEN=&5R97-T(%)A=&4\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q




P
#`P

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

M

M


M(S`P
#`P






M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%


P
#`P
M







M;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S



#`P

T0G

P
#`P
#`[)SX@

'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P




M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




7!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3
N
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q.7!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


#`P
#MM


T0G=VED=&@Z(#5P


P
#`P
#`[


M(S`P
#`P


M:61T:#H@



#`P



M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$T



P
#`P
#`[)SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z







'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#L@


M1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#LG/B4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M

T0G






3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-3(V+C4\+V9O;G0^/]T







'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C9P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M




T0G=VED=&@Z(#
Q-W!X

M=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

#$S




T0G=VED=&@Z(#4U


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\

M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
Q


P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-'!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)


M1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`Q+#$U,XP



M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C)P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG
M/B`Q+#$U

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#
Q-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C


P
#`P
#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/C4N-R4@;F]T97,@9'5E($9E
M8G)U87)Y(#$U+`R

T0G=VED

#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P






P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q+#`P
XP/]F

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
Q-W!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I
M9'1H.C


P
#`P
#`[5$58


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HR


#`P
M


M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/C4N
C4E(&YO=&5S(&1U

34L(#(P
3

P
M
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@-S`P+C`\+V9O;G0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M
M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[)SXU+C0E(&YO=&5S(&1U92!*=6YE(#$U+`R,#0P/]F

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P




#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P


M;F]T97


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


P
#`P
#`[)SX@

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HS


M


#`P
M

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-#`P+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\
M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`T
#`N
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS
3=P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

V.XV/]F;VYT


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU-7!X


P
#`P
#`[)SX@



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
31P


M)W=I9'1H.B`R

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P






#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]

M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R
M-3`N


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%


#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
M

M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R-3`N
#PO9F]N=#X\

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S$W

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.

L(#`N
24@=&\@-BXT)2P@9'5E

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C`T+C(\

C`Q
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-3(P+C@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE




7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H



M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$T


M;&4]


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[
M)SY
97-S(&%M;W5N=!D=64@=VET:&EN(&]N92!Y96%R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR






M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

P
#`P
M





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



G!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`V+#$V





G

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(V+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@





T1T

I(%M4

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$U-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[


M97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY&:7-C86P@
C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO


#`P

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M

M:#H@
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI


P
#`P


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-3-P


P
M
#`P




#`P

Q




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU
M

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C8S

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P



M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U-W!X.R!B;W)D97(M








W!X

7!X



M=VED=&@Z


M;&4]




M:#H@









#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ







P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`U

M=&@Z

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S



#`P




#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW





W!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HU

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#`P


M
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3`N
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q
M

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$U-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#LG/B`@($YE=!A8W1U87)I86P@:6YC;VUE/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

W!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HU

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
S$N
RD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M;&4]



T0G=VED=&@Z(#4S

#`P
#MM:6XM


M9'1H.B`U
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M




M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


P
#`P
#`[)SX@

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE
M<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[0T]






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
S
N-3PO


3U(Z

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


#`P
#MM:6XM


P
#`P
#`[)SX@


M(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M96%R;FEN9W

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R

P
#`P
#`[;6EN



#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@

6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[0T]


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-7!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


P
#`P

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ





M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M






M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT



P
#`P
M







#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M

M



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,34X+C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U

M9'1H.B`W

M=VED=&@Z






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ





M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO



#`P

M)B


G!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3@N

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



P
#`P

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HW

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`T


M+6)O='1O;3H@



3!P=#LG/D=A:6X\+V9O;G0^




3!P=#LG

6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I
M;BUT;W`Z,'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P=<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G




M













#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$V-W!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

#L@8F]R9&5R+71O<US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



P
#`P







#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$V-W!X.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/DEN($UI;&QI;VYS/]F



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M



M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#MM


P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




38W

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M



#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

M)B


7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)

M
#`P


P
M
#`P
6QE







M($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`V+C@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS




M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG/D]T:&5R(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE(AL;W-S*3H\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M




M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

6QE/3-$)W=I

M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

6QE



M.B
P
#`P




T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H


M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


M6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

2XQ*3PO9F]N=#X\

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

T0G

P
M
#`P


M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S




#`P

T0G

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

G!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
G!X


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU
M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P



M;&]R.B
P
#`P


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@(`@(%-E8W5R:71I
M97

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


M+C



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


M($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`P

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-7!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`H.#`N.D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P


M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;FEN9W



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



#`P
#`P


#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

M=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G



#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3`N



#`P

T0G

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P
#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$V-W!X.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y
M;&4],T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z
M(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG
M/B`Q
6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`U

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P




M;&]R.B
P
#`P



M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W
7!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`H,2PP,38N-BD\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U
W!X.R!B;W)D







M

M




M=&@Z




#`P





M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/E1O=&%L(&-O
M;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE(AL;W-S*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T













M



M;&4]


M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`X

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX-7!X

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`H-#0N,RD\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M

M



3)P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O







'!T


3!P=#LG






T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F



M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

#L\




6QE



#`P

Q-C`[





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX-7!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%



M
#`P



P
#`P


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3EP


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#MM:6XM


P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY487@\+V9O




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$X


P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P






M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG



#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z




M(S`P
#`P




#`P






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

Q




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$X

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

#`P
M


P
#`P
M









M=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%


M0T]


T0G=VED=&@Z(#4S

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`U

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S



#`P




#`P





3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,S4X+C,\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M
M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#4S

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(T\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

#`P
M


P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@(!.970@86-T=6%R:6%L(&=A:6X\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^


BXT*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

M6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@($]T:&5R(&9A:7(@=F%L

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


T0G

P
M
#`P




#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV



#`P



#`P

Q-C`[

M.B`U

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



#`P
#`P.VUI


#`P
M


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG/B`H


#`P
#`P


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$U-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M

T0G1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#LG/B`@(`@2&5D9V4@9&5R:79A=&EV97

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^







#`P


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


P
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P



#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

Q-C`[


#`P

Q


#`P

M)B



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D





3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,3@N-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@

M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

M(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M.B`U

M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#0Q+C4I/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@








M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P






P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#8X






P
#`P
M


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@









#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z




P
#`P
M


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



P
#`P

M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C)P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HV




M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS




M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

'!X



M






F4Z,3!P=#LG/B`@(`@(`@(`@(`@
M/]F;VYT/CPO<#X\<!S='EL93TS1=M87)G:6XM=&]P.C!P=#L@;6%R9VEN









#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS
M




M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV
7!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)


C8L(`T*
C`Q
SPO9F]N
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
W!X.R!B

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

2`R-RP-C(P
3(\+V9O


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,C8S+C$\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV
M


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C@R+CD\

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV
7!X


'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB
M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-W!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


S

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P


W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M.B`Q

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
W!X


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV
M


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
M
2PX

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


S


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



W!X

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q.7!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


#`P
M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

#`P
#MM


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG


G!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
2PU.#4N
RD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P

M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C)P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HV


P
#`P
#`[)SX@







]

I/&)R


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L(#(P
3
\

M4U1/0TL@4$Q!3E





T0G


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$W




#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%





M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU-'!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M



#`P
#`P


M(S`P
#`P


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-7!X



7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(U

M

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG

M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C5P


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P




#`P
M



#`P
M


P
M
#`P






#`P

M

CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D
M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\

P
#`P
#`[


#`P

M(S$V
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW



P
#`P



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[;6EN



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/B4\+V9O;G0^

T0G=VED=&@Z(#5P


#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P




M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M


3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/GEE87)S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@




#`P

M

P
#`P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ


#`P


M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO



#`P
#MM:6XM


#`P
#MM



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/B4\+V9O;G0^


#`P



P
#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL

M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



P
#`P

#L@
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[)SXE/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@




#`P

#L\+W1D


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/B4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@



M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

N
M
#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%


]

]
T1T97AT/CQD






#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&




M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED




M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P


#$P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P




M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$V.7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@($=R86YT960\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P




#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




T0G=VED=&@Z(#8U

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`S-RXS.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R


#`P



M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D




P
#`P
M


P
M
#`P


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3-P


#`P
#MM:6XM


M
#`P


C8N



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

SDL



M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P






#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ



#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M



M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@1W)A;G1E9#PO9F]N




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H







#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$V
M.7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN


P
#`P
#`[

M:61T:#H@

M

M.B
P
#`P


M0T]


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI




#`P




M)SX@*#

M

M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SY86QA

C`Q

W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



P
#`P

M(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`X

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`V




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C@Q

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#LG/B`H
38L-3

M

M.B
P
#`P


M0T]

C
N-#D\+V9O

#`P
#`P.VUI


W!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T



P
#`P

M(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X
7!X

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`H





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ



#`P



M9'1H.B`Q

M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

#`P
#MM:6XM





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX
M

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z






P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
M24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`S
XR,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\



@86YD('1H92!I;G1R:6YS:6





M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z






#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY&:7-C86P@665A
#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B,P,#`P
M,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q-'!X.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U714E'

P
#`P

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&


M:'0[)SXR

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Y

M:61T:#H@





M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

C`Q
CPO

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M8V5E9'


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ





M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ


P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#`P.VUI



#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


P
#`P
M

'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P





M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/DEN=')I;G-I8R!V86QU92!O



#`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,CDW+C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\



#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q



M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%







]





#`P

38P.SPO


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U
7!X

M=&@Z

#`P
#`P


#`P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%

M.B`Q

M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






#`P

M)SXF(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED





#`P

#L\

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&


M:'0[)SY796EG:'1E9U!=F5R86=E(`T*1W)A;G0M1&%T92`-D9A:7(@5F%L

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%


7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T






P
#`P

M86=E(`T*1W)A;G0M1&%T92`-D9A:7(@5F%L=64\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R




#`P



M9B!-87D@



#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW


P
M
#`P


#`P
M


P
#`P
M

'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


M

M


M(S`P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`S,BXV.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T



#`P


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


G!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW
M


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
BPS
S`N
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-7!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@


M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$V-G!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


P
#`P
#`[)SX@(%9E


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



P
#`P
#`[;6EN



#`P
#MM:6XM


#`P
#MM




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


T0G=VED=&@Z


#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@*#$L-C

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M



3U(Z



M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

7!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S-BXP


#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
S4N



#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M

T0G=VED=&@Z


M


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

R+C



#`P



C8L(#(P
3




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-S)P



M=VED=&@Z



P
#`P

M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C)P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HW


M0T]









'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

X

M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C)P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ


M0T]



P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@

#`P
#`P


M(S`P
#`P




M93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`S.XT
M

]

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P,3,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@
6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q








M



M
6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`U

M;W`M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

C`Q
3PO9F]N=#X\

M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q


P
#`P
#`[)SY.=6UB97(@
M;V8@=6YI='
@9W)A;G1E9`H=&AO=7-A;F1S*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HU


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


W!X.R!B

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^

P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^





M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Y

#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
S8N


M4&%R=%]C86$P86)B-U\X.6
Q7S1B831?.68V8U\S8C8U
6







3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(V+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@




]

M=71E9!;5&%B;&4@5&5X=!;&]C:UT\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]


#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC;VQO<CHC
M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0X(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


P
M
#`P

S



'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


W!X

7!X


T0G=VED


P
#`P


M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN




#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS




M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3(\+V9O;G0^

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M)B


7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


#`P
#MM








M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
2PX-34N
CPO9F]N


#`P

M)SXF(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


M9'1H.B`V

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P

M


M;&]R.B
P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M;&4]

P
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

M
S

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HS



T0G


#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS





#`P






M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#
S-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C



P
#`P
#`[)SY!=F5R86=E(&YU;6)E


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@
M-C0X+C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-7!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HV


P
#`P
#`[

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S

P
#`P
#`[;6EN




S

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW



M:61T:#H@-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V
'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS





P
#`P


M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q

T0G=VED

M9'1H.B`Q

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P


M:61T:#H@-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].

P
#`P
#`[)SX@


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M
'0M
M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-7!X
M.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`T



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H




T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#

M=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S







T0G=VED=&@Z




W!X.R!B

G!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE

#MT97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M/B8C

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M

P
#`P
#`[)SYD:6QU=&5D/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-7!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

T0G=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G

P
#`P


M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M;&4]


'!T

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[


M


M;'DZ5&EM97






]





M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3EP

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0U(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@


P
#`P


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M26X@36EL;&EO;G

M
6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`V

M;W`M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HV


P
#`P



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


#`P




7!X.R!B;W)D97(M



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U+C@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV



P
#`P



&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T8F$T7SEF-F-?
V(V-3%C-#AD
M9&(Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-A83!A8F(W7S@Y





^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C

$53T%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@

]



]
T1T:#Y-
M87D@
C8L(#(P
3


M64U%3E0@0D5.149)5%


T1B;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P







#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C$S

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%


M:#H@

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

C`Q

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI


M
#`P







'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)


#`P
M



#`P
M


P
M
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
W
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
W



P
#`P
#`[)SY2871E('1O('=H:6-H
M('1H92!C;W-T('1R96YD(')A=&4@:7
@87-S=6UE9!T;R!D96-L:6YE(AU

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C4N
M


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#
W



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R



M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$R


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I



M;&4]



#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT





M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I



M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






#`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z



T0G=VED=&@Z(#0U-G!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T


C`Q-#PO9F]N

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`U+C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$T<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W





#`P


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ





T1T;W`^0VAA





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
7!X

#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E<CMB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z
M(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,3(P<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT
M97([)SY$969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70-E!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P

M

P
M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R



M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)SXF(S$V


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0T(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P

M(S$V



M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT

P
#`P
#`[)SY);B!-


G!X

7!X


M:#H@

M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P,3(\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C)P


P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M
#`P



M

M


M)W=I9'1H.B`U

M;W`M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)B

T0G=VED=&@Z(#0Y


P
#`P


7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z




M
#`P


P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(R.7!X.R!B;W)D97(M


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!L




#`P

#L\+W1D



#`P

M




#`P

M)SXF(S$V



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T




#`P
#`P.VUI


#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B,P,#`P
M,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0V<'@[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9`@


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[





3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-PR-C0N
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SXD



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4Q

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S-3
N.#PO
'0M86QI
M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3%P

M.B`T-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[

#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


\

M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Q



P
#`P


M


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED





7!X.R!T

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


T0G=VED=&@Z

M.B`Q

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z








#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ


#`P
#MM:6XM



#`P

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(`@<W1Y;&4]

M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R
C(N
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S




7!X.R!T

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


G!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



M:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


T0G

P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M

#`P
#`P.VUI

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q

T0G=VED

M9'1H.B`Q

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;&4]



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



M

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

#L\+W1D
#LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
C`S+C


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


P
M
#`P


M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#(N-2D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


P
M
#`P


M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`H-2XU*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q

P
#`P

#`P
M





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



P
#`P
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F
M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



G!X.R!B;W)D97(M




7!X.R!B

7!X.V)O




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G

P
#`P
#`[)SX@-PS-3,N.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%





M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`T
S8N.3PO9F]N


M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M/B8C



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


6QE/3-$

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M.B
P
#`P



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SY#:&%N9V4@
M:6X@4')O:F5C=&5D($)E;F5F:70@3V)L:6=A=&EO;CH\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\
M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]



#`P

Q-C`[

#LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

M)B





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU




T0G=VED=&@Z(#4Q

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HU


T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S


#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)

#`P
M


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^





3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-PT-3@N
'0M
M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X
M.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE
M<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%


M(S`P
#`P


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P


P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,30Q+C,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P


M0T]



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,3,Q+C,\+V9O;G0^/]T


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C(Y

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3$T+C



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



G!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-RXU/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(R.7!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(R.7!X


P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ


#`P
#MM



#`P

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]

M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D
M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\
M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


P
#`P
#`[;6EN





#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


P
#`P
#`[



P
#`P
#`[)SX@-XT/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]

M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L
M;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

M;&4]

P
#`P



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#4Q

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG



7!X.R!T

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P



M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


T0G

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P





#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q

M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V




7!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3%P


#`P
M

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y
M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q




M;G1R:6)U=&EO;G

P
#`P
#`[



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
34N
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D
M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\
M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C`N
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB
M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ



#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


P
#`P
#`[





#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


P
#`P
M



P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D
M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\
M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@

M)W=I9'1H.B`U

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P

#`P
#`P

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
M

M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(R.7!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(R.7!X


P
#`P

M:#H@


M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,C,W+C4\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C

T0G

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

'0M86QI
M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P
#`[)SX@-2XU






#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
G!X


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


P
#`P
#`[;6EN



P
#`P



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


P
#`P
M



3U(Z


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(R.7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

P
#`P

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


P
M
#`P


M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#4N.2D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P

M(S$V
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H

M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
G!X


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



P
#`P
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
M,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@



#`P

T0G

P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#`N


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR








M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^

M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V

G!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


T0G=VED


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


#`P
#MM


M


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P







#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


#`P
M



M.B
P
#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U+#
X

M;&4]
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


G!X.R!B

7!X.V)O


M

M




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T




#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@



M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q+#$R



3%P


P
#`P




6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

T0G
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z
M(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@




M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-#9P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(R.7!X

7!X


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P








#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

M
#`P


34N


#`P

M

M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Q

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.

T0G=VED=&@Z




M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H-S$Q+C

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F
M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@

#`P
M



#`P
M


M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#0Y


P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#$T-2XT*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





T1T;W`^

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/CQT86)L92!S



M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)SXF(S$V
'0M
M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,W!X
M.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ


'!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ

#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E<CMB;W)D97(M
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,3`X<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


'!X.R!B

M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ


P
#`P

\


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@


P
#`P

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

#L\+W1D
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB
M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,W!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

P
#`P
#`[

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z



M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)


#`P


M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$P-7!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)



M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z
3

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY&:7-C

P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS



M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T






6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

C`Q
M

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P
#`[


M(S`P
#`P










T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P

T0G


P
#`P
#`[)SXR

'0M86QI9VXZ
M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




M

#`P
#MM:6XM


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS




M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/C(P
3
\+V9O;G0^


#`P

M(S$V

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


#`P
#MM







#`P

M(S$V

P
M
#`P





M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
2PV
C4N
M



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)


#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M

T0G=VED

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SXD



M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-3!P



M:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P



#`P

M

P
#`P






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M

P
#`P

'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
38N.D\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-G!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



P
#`P


#LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#4U

#`P
#MM:6XM


M0T]


T0G


M.B
P
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

M

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
'!X



P
#`P
#`[)SX@


#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT-G!X


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3DN
#PO9F]N


#`P

M)SXF(S$V



#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#4N.2D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\
M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z





M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H-RXX*3PO

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR




M
#`P


P
#`P




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N

#`P
#MM


RXV*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





M=&@Z


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W`M=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG/B`H

T0G=VED=&@Z
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P
M,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@

P
#`P

W!X

7!X


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI


P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([




P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#$L.#`Y+C
I/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D
M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\
M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R

#`P
#MM:6XM



]
M


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




P
#`P

M;&]R.B
P
#`P


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;&]R.B
P
#`P


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$W-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P
G!X.R!B

7!X.V)O



P
#`P

G!X.R!T

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@





#`P





'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$W

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P








M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T




#LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]






M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT-G!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)



#LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]






#`P


T0G

T0G


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0V

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P


M9'1H.B`Q

M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT

T0G

P
#`P
#`[)SX@-#(S+C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL


P
#`P

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

M:61T:#H@

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


P
M
#`P

'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;W`M=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M:#H@



M;&4]


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`S-C$N-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[



P
#`P
#`[)SX@


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,30Q+C,\+V9O;G0^/]T




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M



P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

M:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-3,N,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@


W!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T



P
#`P

M(S$V
6QE/3-$






M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D


G!X.R!B;W)D97(M

G!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(`@<W1Y;&4]




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





G!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
G!X

#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E<CMB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z
M(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,38R<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT
M97([)SY$969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70@#0I096YS:6]N(%!L86YS/]F;VYT/CPO

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U-G!X

M=&@Z

#`P
#`P


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$W
'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$W

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0U(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
38R

M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ

#L@8F]R9&5R+71O<US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB




#`P





M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H




#`P
#`P


M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B


7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3





P
#`P

M(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

M9'1H.B`Q

M=VED=&@Z


M;&4]











P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M



M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


G!X.R!B

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M
#`P


G!X.R!B

7!X.V)O


T0G=VED=&@Z








M
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q



M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3$T+C



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M

P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




M;W`M=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q.XP/]F;VYT

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT




M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3)P





M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`W+C@\+V9O


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P







M

M.B
P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C
W+C
\+V9O

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C

G!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
G!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$R



P
#`P
#`[)SX@-3(N

'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M

M.B
P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@-XT/]F;VYT


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT-'!X


P
#`P
#`[)SX@-XX/]F;VYT


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT-'!X


P
#`P



\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M*#0T

G!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ


#`P
#MM



#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P




P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R

P
#`P
#`[;6EN




G!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ


#`P
#MM


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q
M
S8N


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI


P
#`P
#`[


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`Q-XU/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,30N-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



G!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


G!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

@*&-R
M961I='



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



P
#`P

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P




M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P






#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#,N-D\

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3)P


G!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



P
#`P
#`[)SX@

M

M.B
P
#`P


M0T]



#`P

T0G

P
#`P
#`[)SX@




G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-3!P


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z



#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M

M.B
P
#`P


M0T]

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P






P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q



P
#`P

M(S$V



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW




#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)






P
#`P

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H


M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P




P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@-34N

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z






M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\


G!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U.2XT




P
#`P




#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


G!X

7!X


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





F5D($]V97(@3F5X=!&:7-C86P@665A<B!;5&%B;&4@

SAP


P
#`P
#`[

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z



G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3)P


P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY$969I;F5D
M($)E;F5F:70-E!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@




#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q

'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


M;&4]



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;B!O9B!L;W-S97
\+V9O;G0^





P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0@
34Q+C$\+V9O;G0^


7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0@
34N-#PO9F]N=#X\

G!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


C



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


@*&-R961I='



M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C)P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ




T0G




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HY

M;&4]

P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#
N-D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



G!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R+C0\


M+45N9!96YE9FET($]B;&EG871I;VYS(%M486)L92!497AT($)L;V-K73PO

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)B
#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E<CMB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
M,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,3,P<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([
M)SY$969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70-E!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G



M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z
3

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%


'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V)O<F1E

#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ





'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.CAP

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@
3


#`P
M






P
#`P
#`[








P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M


T0G



#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M=VED=&@Z


M;&4]










T0G


M
#`P


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$X<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-XX-3PO9F]N=#X\

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$X

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B4\+V9O;G0^

P
#`P
#`[
M)SX@
RXW

'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P




T0G=VED=&@Z

M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P


#`P
#`P






M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z




M;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

P
#`P


G!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


#`P
M


M


P
#`P
M



]






M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$W
'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-S!P




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
31P


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@



M
#`P


M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$W


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T




#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


#$S




6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

C`Q

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

C`Q

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT

T0G

P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-'!X



7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS




M;&]R.B
P
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




7!X



M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




T0G=VED=&@Z(#0P

#`P
#MM:6XM


#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(R<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-2XT-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M)W=I9'1H.B`T

M;W`M=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED

#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M


#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B,P
M,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(R<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-2XS-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M9'1H.B`T

M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#`P.VUI


P
#`P
#`[


#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M:61T:#H@

M0T]

'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U
M
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN
M+7=I9'1H.C$U


P
#`P
#`[

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-#!P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M/B8C

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


T0G=VED=&@Z(#9P

M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HT

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT

M

P
#`P
#`[)SX@-XY,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T

M;&]R.B
P
#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-XY


M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$U
7!X


P
#`P

\+V9O

P
#`P

M9'1H.B`R

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D



#`P

M)B
#L@
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HT

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@.XQ



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


'!X.R!B;W)D97(M

G!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Y+C
S





M=&@Z

#`P
#MM



P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T

Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/'-P86X^

M(%9A;'5E($]F(%!L86X@07-S971S(%M486)L92!497AT($)L;V-K73PO=&0^

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(S
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(S

Q
#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E<CMB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P
M,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,C8P<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(
M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([)SY-
M87D@,C8L(#(P,3,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

#`P
#MM

#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E<CMB
M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,C@T<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S

C


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M;G

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY
979E




P
#`P


7!X


T0G=VED

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E;G1E


P
#`P
M



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P









'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E

T0G=VED

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V




M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([)SY,979E;`R



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


P
#`P
M



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M=!O9B!P96YS:6]N('!L86X@87-S971S.CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T



#`P






#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT





#`P

#L\




#`P

M(S$V




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[



T0G


P
M
#`P


M;&4]


M;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


'0M86QI

#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.

T0G

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%


M(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[;6EN


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P
M


P
#`P
M




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G

P
#`P


#`P



P
#`P

W!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HV


P
#`P
#`[5$58

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV



P
#`P

M9'1H.B`R

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)

T0G

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT


T0G=VED=&@Z(#AP


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P

M(S$V

P
M
#`P

M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P
#MM:6XM


#`P
#MM


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



W!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV
W!X


P
#`P



'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX



P
#`P


#`P

M

P
#`P
M



#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P

M
#`P


P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`Q
S4N
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]

M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


M(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(S
W!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H
M.C(S


P
#`P


M

M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H




'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU-7!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)


XS/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M
#`P

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y
M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HV


P
#`P
#`[

M;&4]

'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
M



P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW



P
#`P
'0M86QI9VXZ

P
#`P

M

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].

P
#`P


#`P

M



#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#8S

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%

M

'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HR








#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV
W!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)


BPR
38N.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D



#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E;G1E
#MB

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`Y.3`N
#PO



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P










M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



G!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`Q+#DQ

M;&4]

M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([)SXD/]F;VYT



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV
W!X


P
#`P



3U(Z


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M

#`P
#`P.VUI

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%

M


M0T]

S-P
#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I
M9'1H.C(S,W!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M

#`P
#`P.VUI

6QE/3-$)W=I

P
#`P
M


M




#`P



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO



#`P

#L\


M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

M)B



M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-C-P


T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#(S
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[
M;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(S


P
#`P
M



M

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU-7!X



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



P
#`P
#`[;6EN



P
#`P
M



M.B
P
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



P
#`P
M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

P
#`P


#`P
M

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)


M
C`N




M.B
P
#`P


M;&]R.B
P
#`P



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


W!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HV


P
#`P
#`[5$58


#`P


M0T]

C(N
#PO9F]N
#LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R
M:6=H=#LG/B`Q-S`N
#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC;VQO

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P


P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z.'!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P

#L\
#LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H

T0G=VED=&@Z(#AP


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

Y+C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

M

P
#`P
'0M86QI9VXZ

P
#`P

M


M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M/B8C

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P

#L\+W1D

P
#`P
#`[5$58

M(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI



P
#`P
'0M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.CAP


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED



P
M
#`P


M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P

#L\




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


#`P
#MM:6XM


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
C

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@($]T:&5R(&EN=F5S=&UE;G1S


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED



#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


3
P+CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S



#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`Q
M
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%

M
#`P



3`T+CD\+V9O;G0^

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV



P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I




M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(S



P
#`P
#`[)SX@(!#87-H(&%N9!A

#`P
#`P.VUI



M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#4U


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


#`P
#MM





M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M
#`P





M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-C-P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

T0G


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T



P
#`P

M

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

C







'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M





M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
M24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`Q


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N

#`P
#MM








#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I




M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

M
#`P



M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@





N
M



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


P
#`P

M9'1H.B`V

M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HV


P
#`P
#`[






M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-C-P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


M

@3F5W


Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B



@;V8@=&]T86P@
6QE

3!P


T0G







M;'DZ5&EM97



T0G


M93HQ




3!P=#LG/F(\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V

M;&4]


3!P=#LG/F-A=&EO;G
N($EN=F5S=&UE;G1S(&EN







M









F4Z,3!P=#LG/BAC*2`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ5&EM97


Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B






3!P=#LG/B!E;F5R9WD@86YD(')E86P@97-T871E('-E8W5R
M:71I97



[(&%N

@3F5W




3!P=#MM87)G


3!P=#LG/B8C
38P
M.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.SPO9F]N=#X\










@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O




3!P=#LG/B!A('-T86)L92!S=')E86T@;V8@:6YC




M/B8C


M;&4@26YP=71S($-H86YG97


M0FQO8VM=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/CQT




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E<CMB;W)D97(M
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-#8W<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I



T0G


P
#`P

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT



#`P

#L\

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P








'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P









P
#`P


7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P






M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.CAP






7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



M

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z




M;W`M=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P









3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'





2D\


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`H-C$N
D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M

P
#`P


#`P



P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`U-3DN
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX


P
#`P


#`P
#`P






M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.CAP


P
#`P
M


T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#(P
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[
M;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(P


P
#`P
M



#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT



S8Q

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M


M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


SPO9F]N=#X\


#`P



P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI



P
#`P

M

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

M;&4]



#`P

T0G

P
#`P




P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R

T0G=VED=&@Z(#AP

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$Q

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ




M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z.#=P







#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


P
#`P


M=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C)P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


P
#`P
#`[5$58




'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
3)P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M




M(S`P
#`P


P
#`P




M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`[;6EN







#`P

M)SXF(S$V


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



T0G=VED=&@Z(#AP

M

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z



T0G


M
#`P



M(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



#`P


P
M
#`P




#`P



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-S1P


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


M)W=I9'1H.B`R

'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

M.B
P
#`P



M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P




3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[)SX@(!&:7AE9!I;F-O;64\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P



M97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@(%)E86P@87-S970@:6YV
M97-T;65N='

T0G=VED=&@Z(#@W

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`X+C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P

Q


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@

P
#`P
#`[



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@







#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


P
#`P


M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P








#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Q
G!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T




M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M





M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`Q+C@\

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H




M+6)O='1O;3H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#0V-W!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M





M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M)B


7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/D)A;&%N8V4@87
@;V8@
M#0I-87D@
CDL(#(P

M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS




M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R



#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Q


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I



\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%


#LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P


M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#(P



M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P



M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q


#`P

M)B



M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-C=P

#MT97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW



#`P
#MM



#`P
#`P




'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V)O<F1E

#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H


#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Q
G!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ




#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`S


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)

#`P
M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(P
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@(!&:7AE9!I;F-O



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M)SX@*#`N


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
M
#`P



#`P

M




T0G=VED=&@Z

T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$Q

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


#`P
#MM:6XM


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(P
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(P



P
#`P

M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z.'!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@


#`P
M



3U(Z


#L@=&5X
M=UA;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


P
M
#`P










M;W(Z(S`P
#`P







#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#8W





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`T+C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M;&]R.B
P
#`P



6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

#`P
#`P

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%

M;&4]




V+CD\


T0G=VED=&@Z



M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M

6QE


M.B
P
#`P






#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO





#`P

Q-C`[


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Q
G!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ


P
#`P
#`[;6EN



#`P
M


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
M


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P



P
#`P





T0G=VED=&@Z(#(P
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@(!&:7AE9!I;F-O

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M




#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P
'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R

#`P

#L\

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H





P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`H
XR*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T


#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HR



'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P




P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H


#`P
#MM:6XM






M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`H

M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z.'!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@


'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D
M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,C`S<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


P
#`P


M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P





M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M

P
#`P




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'


M.B
P
#`P



M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#MM


P
#`P
#`[





'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

P+C0\+V9O

T1B

'!X.SX\='(^


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY$969I
M;F5D($)E;F5F:70-E!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


#`P

#L\+W1D

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U.'!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW





M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
M

#L@8F]R9&5R+71O<US='EL93IS;VQI




#`P




7!X.R!B

7!X.V)O


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

C`Q
SPO9F]N

M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$X


#`P
#MM:6XM






#`P


7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT

M97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-C%P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


M=&@Z





T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[


T0G


P
M
#`P


M;&4]



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#LG/E5N:71E9!3=&%T97,@97%U:71I97,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R.XW/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D




7!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV
M

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

X+C0\

M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$X

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.

M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/DEN=&5R;F%T:6]N86P@
M97%U:71I97

#`P
#MM:6XM






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

M

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(`@<W1Y;&4]


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R
M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


#`P
#MM:6XM





'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C8Q

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q

T0G=VED

#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P


M:61T:#H@



#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@-XW/]F;VYT

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

CPO9F]N




P
#`P
#`[)SX@

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R


#`P
#MM:6XM


#`P
#MM



7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

M;&4]

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
S`N

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
30N-3PO



#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@
3




#`P


M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`U
M+C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


M
#`P



M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P



M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$U



P
#`P
#`[)SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$X

M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



G!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q
#`N
M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%

T0G






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q.'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T




T1T;W`^17AP

]




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


P
#`P
#`[

T0G=VED=&@Z(#)P


#`P
#`P





M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%




M;&]R.B
P
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M.B`R

M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P



\+V9O
#MT
M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



M9'1H.B`R

M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C
V+C
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL





M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

M

P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HY.7!X


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3@N.#PO9F]N


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P

M)SXF(S$V

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M



7!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HR


#`P
#MM:6XM


G!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



#`P
#`P.VUI


P
#`P
#`[



7!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HR


#`P
#MM




3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/C(P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,C8P+C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\
M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^


#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@-C
N.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB
M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M



M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@

T0G

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R-S`N
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P
M,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G

M)W=I9'1H.B`R

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P



P
#`P



M.B`R

M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P







6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

W
2XS



M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M(S`P
#`P


M:61T:#H@

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@-C8N-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C86$P86)B
M-U\X.6
Q7S1B831?.68V8U\S8C8U
6

M=#



M97%U:78]


]



M9SY);F-O;64@5&%X97








]
T1T97AT


#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC;VQO<CHC
#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HR


M97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
M




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S








M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#







#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



@9G)O;2!J

M:#H@


M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M


M


M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S


M;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR





M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
2PX
38N-3PO9F]N






P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R

T0G=VED

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG
M/B`T.#
6QE/3-$)W=I

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S.30N




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R.#
N-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO



M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C(T

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/E1O=&%L(&5A


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




T0G=VED=&@Z(#



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#0Y



M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R






M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C

#L\+W1D

T0G=VED=&@Z(#


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P



M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(R-'!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z



M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-#DS+C0\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,SDY+C$\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ



M:61T:#H@

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@(`@(%-T871E(&%N9!L;V-A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT


#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S


'!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HS


#`P
#MM:6XM




T0G=VED=&@Z(#0Y

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG





P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG/B`Q
6QE/3-$



M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q
#DN



M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`V.XY/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(R-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M


6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S
'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T






3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-38P
M+C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M




M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C

#L\


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@(`@

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P
#`[)SX@

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z



#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#$N

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`S,XX/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/]T



M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H-BXR*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T.7!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H

M



#`P
M


P
M
#`P




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/B`@(%1O=&%L

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T


M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C

M(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HS


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG/B`R
#4N




M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C)P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-S0Q+C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S
'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

#`P
M



T1T;W`^
M4V-H961U;&4@;V8@169F96-T:79E($EN8V]M92!487@@4F%T92!296-O;F-I

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S

M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Y

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z


#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HS




M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXR,#$S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-#EP
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


M=&@Z






#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXS-2XP/]F

P
#`P
M



3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/B4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S



#`P

T0G

P
#`P

M


M
#`P


P
#`P
#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/B4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R

S

M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/E-T871E(&%N9!L;V-A
M;!I;F-O;64@=&%X97


P
M
#`P
#`[)SXQ+C

#`P
#`P.VUI


#`P
M


T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

M)W=I9'1H.B`S

'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


T0G=VED=&@Z(#0Y

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#
S
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
S


P
#`P

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P



M9'1H.B`Q-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M



3U(Z

M.B`Q-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[

#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

T0G

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/D-O=7)T(&1E8VES:6]N

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
S
7!X.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
S
M


P
#`P


T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z



P
#`P
#`[
M)SXH


M=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M(S`P
#`P


M:61T:#H@


M.B
P
#`P




#`P



M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H
M.C
S


P
#`P
#`[)SY%9F9E



#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXR.2XR/]F;VYT


M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P







3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/B4\+V9O;G0^





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P





M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




T1T;W`^5&%X(&5F
M9F5C='








#`P

M)B


P
#`P


7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

2`R-RP-C(P
3(\+V9O;G0^


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z





M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q-30N-CPO9F]N=#X\
#L@8F]R




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

P
#`P
#`[

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z



'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q
3(N

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#(W-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[


P
#`P
M



#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P







P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`X




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z




#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$T



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3

'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P



M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C


M
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3



#`P


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H

M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P


#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(W-G!X.R<^/&9O;G0@
M<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/D=R

#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$T<'@[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T



M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#`P





M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P








M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P





M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P









'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

T0G=VED

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



#`P

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
38X+C

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H

#`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-34N,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@


#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C


M
#`P


P
#`P
#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC

#`P





#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C8U

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`T-C@N
CPO

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW



#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(W-G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,C@N,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(W-G!X.R!B;W)D




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M


#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
BPV-S@N

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO



#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
BPW
3`N
3PO9F]N


M

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

M
#`P


M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
#L@


T1T;W`^4W5M


M0FQO8VM=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\9&EV/CQT


C


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M
C


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(S



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG

T0G=VED=&@Z

M)W=I9'1H.B`U

M;W`M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I

C`Q

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

M

P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(S
G!X

7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z
C

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D)A

M;&4]



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\+V9O


#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C(V+C(\+V9O;G0^

M;W-I=&EO;G



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C


3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[)SX@(!!9&1I=&EO;G

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P



M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;W-I=&EO;G

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




M
C

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z
C

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`U

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\


#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C0N
SPO9F]N=#X\

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
M
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U
M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
SDN
D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(S
G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED




#`P

M

P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



3)P

M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Q


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ


P
#`P
#`[)SXD






M+R\O0SHO8V%A
&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T8F$T7SEF-F-?
V(V-3%C-#AD9&(Y+U=O

O4VAE970S.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

]






]

M14Y44RP@04Y$($-/3E1)3D=%3D-)15






M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/DEN($UI;&QI;VYS







7!X


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

C`Q

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^



#`P



P
#`P

T0G=VED

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P



P
#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-S(N-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T



M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@-C
N-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO


#`P




W!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU
M

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z


#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P


M:61T:#H@

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/D]T:&5R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-3-P


M:#H@


M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-C@N,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Y-W!X.R!B;W)D




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4






P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3@W+CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q-S4N-3PO9F]N

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
35P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M



]

#`P
#`P


M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B


P
#`P


M.B`V

M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG


M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/C(P
30\+V9O;G0^



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-'!X


P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#`P



#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P
#`[)SX@-S0N


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI


P
#`P
#`[
M)SX@-C$N


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

#`P
M




#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@-#4N
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO


#`P




#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

M:61T:#H@


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P








'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(X

M;&4]

P
#`P

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q




'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

C@Q



M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W`M=VED=&@Z








P
#`P

M(S$V


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG/E!R97-E;G0@=F%L=64@;V8@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G
@=6YD97(@8V%P
M:71A;!L96%S97,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M
6QE/3-$

M;W`M=VED=&@Z






M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C86$P86)B-U\X.6,Q7S1B831?.68V
M8U\S8C8U,6,T.&1D8CD-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO
M8V%A
&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T8F$T7SEF-F-?

M='
O4VAE970T




CX\

@26YF;W)M



M9VX]






M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(T
'!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V
W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

C`Q

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B


7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P





P
#`P

M(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ



P
#`P
#`[;6EN


T0G=VED

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q



M.B
P
#`P




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@52Y3+B!2971A:6P\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3`L-C$T+CD\


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
G!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@


#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

M

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3`L

W!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HV



M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P



M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

3DT+C


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(U-G!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


P
#`P
#`[
M)SX@
2PY-3DN

T0G





M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

W!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$S



#`P



6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q






M.B`Q

M=&@Z




CPO9F]N

M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


P
#`P


M9'1H.B`V

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M







M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





#`P


W!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R+#
Y
M



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

CDU+C

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P
#`[)SX@



#`P







P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`T.3`N




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,CDQ+C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q



M;&]R.B
P
#`P



G!X.R!B

M

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
S`V+C
\


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
W!X

7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



M







M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\






#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#(U-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SY5;F%L;&]C871E9!C;W)P;W)A=&4@:71E;7,\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG/B`S
C8N

M9'1H.B`Q

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P


M

M.B
P
#`P


M0T]

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3-P


T0G

P
M
#`P



M9'1H.B`Q
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



P
#`P




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@

W!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


M:61T:#H@






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S


T0G


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
BPX-3$N.#PO9F]N


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
G!X



G!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R+#4V

M







M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@



]
T1T97AT/CQD:78^/'1A8FQE

M


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR.3AP

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0X(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@


P
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M36EL;&EO;G

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[


M(S`P
#`P



W!X

7!X


T0G=VED

M1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P,3(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@
6QE






P
#`P
#`[5$58




M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW

M)B

M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W
W!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#(Y.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


P
M
#`P

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-S-P


M9'1H.B`Q
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M



3U(Z


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


W!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW
W!X


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
BPS-S$N.3PO

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



P
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

BPX.#DN


M;&]R.B
P
#`P





M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`R+#@Q,BXV/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Y.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Y.'!X


P
#`P
#`[)SX@0V]N=F5N:65N


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


#`P
#MM



W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

BPV
3$N.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


#`P

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/C$L.3DY

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


#`P
#MM:6XM


W!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


M.B`W

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@
#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC;VQO

#`P


M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-'!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

W!X.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$S


W!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HW


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M

#`P
M



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

2PP.#DN-3PO9F]N

M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#(Y.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


P
M
#`P


#`P


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





31P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ


#`P
#`P.VUI


#`P
M


M



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P



M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Y

M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z







'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




G!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z




P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M


M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S


M=VED=&@Z



3U(Z



#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW


P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@
30L.#@P+C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D



T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#(S.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R


M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H











M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U.'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I

C`Q



#`P
#`P


M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

M

P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(S.'!X

7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z
C

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/DYE

31P

M

M

#`P
#MM:6XM



P
#`P
#`[;6EN





#`P
#`P


T0G


#`P
M



M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


T0G=VED

M9'1H.B`Q-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

#`P
#MM:6XM


T0G



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@3F]N+55N:71E9!3=&%T97,\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V







#`P



P
#`P



7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


#`P
M


C



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T




P
#`P



P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@

M
#`P



#`P

T0G

P
#`P

T0G














#`P

M

P
#`P
#`[)SX@




#`P

M)B

M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V



M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
31P




G!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



P
#`P



M:61T:#H@



#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S



M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#5P

M

M9'1H.B`U-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

P
#`P



M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
31P




7!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


T0G=VED=&@Z(#5P

M-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN




'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z-7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(S.'!X.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P<'0[
M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@($YO;BU5;FET960@4W1A=&5S/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P

M)B


P
#`P
#`[)SX@-S$T+C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F
M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[


#`P

Q


#`P

M)B



P
#`P
#`[


P
#`P
M

#`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-S0Q+C0\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-7!X.R!B;W)D97(M





7!X.V)O






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M





M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




M;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S


M;&]R.B
P
#`P



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


M0T]




M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






P
#`P

M/B8C

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


#`P
M


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P

M
C

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HR




M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M


M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

M.B`R

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
BPW
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M-7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXD/]F


M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

M.B`R


P
M
#`P


P
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV
W!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)







M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P

#L\+W1D

M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M


M

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z
C

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG






6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C5P




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


&%B8C=?
M.#EC
5\T8F$T7SEF-F-?
V(V-3%C-#AD9&(Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N
M.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-A83!A8F(W7S@Y8S%?-&)A-%\Y9C9C7S-B-C4Q8S0X


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E


$542D%#/@T*

M



]


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R




T0G=VED=&@Z(#(W
G!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;&4]




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

3




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ






W!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
M

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`U

M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M



#`P


\+V9O;G0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#4Q

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG
M/B`Q+#




M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
3DN.2D\+V9O

W!X.R!B

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN





3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M

M(S`P
#`P







3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!

T0G=VED


3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,2PS,C,N-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\

M/3-$=&]P/D-O;7!O;F5N='
@;V8@:6YV96YT;W)Y(%M486)L92!497AT($)L

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
S-7!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z
S

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/DEN($UI;&QI;VYS/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

3
\+V9O;G0^


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ







7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

6QE/3-$

M;W`M=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



3EP

M

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXS,S0N-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9`@


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG/C$L

#`P
#`P


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
S

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

P
#`P
#`[)SXQ
M

W!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ


#`P
#MM


M:61T:#H@
S


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M(S`P
#`P





M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


#`P
M


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,S,U<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

T0G=VED=&@Z


P
#`P



W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

#`P
M




M;W1T;VTZ


#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V

T0G9F]N




3!P=#LG/FUI;&QI
M;VX@87


3!P=#LG/BP@

@


P+C(\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@



C`Q


3!P=#LG/B`\+V9O;G0^/&9O


M86P@
C`Q


#$R


3!P=#LG


2`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G

@


M86UI;'DZ5&EM97




M:7



M


]


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
S

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2


W!X.R!B

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M0T]



#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(#$Y



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P






P
#`P

M(S$V

P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S


G!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$S



P
#`P

T0G

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G

P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
S



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

\



#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,C`N.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@




M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


M
S



M.B`Q

M=&@Z


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED



M;&]R.B
P
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


7!X.R!B;W)D97(M



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P








M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
G!X




#`P
M


P
M
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#
Q-7!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/DQA;F0L




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[



#`P

Q


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ


#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z



M
#`P


P
#`P
#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M
BPQ-C@N

M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ


#`P
M



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



P
#`P
#`[)SX@

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P








M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M

T0G

P
M
#`P




M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO



M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[



P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I
M9'1H.C


P
#`P
#`[)SX@




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


P
#`P
M

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q



M;&]R.B
P
#`P






3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@(`@(!4;W1A;!L


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT




6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-7!X

7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`X

T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P








M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P







'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M)W=I9'1H.B`S



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#8P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
RPX-S@N
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG/B`S+#8U


]

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS
M





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


P
#`P
#`[

G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T



P
#`P

M(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U
7!X

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%


S



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS
S)P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

W!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
M

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`U

M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS


@:6X@86YD(&%D

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R

#`P
#MM:6XM


M;&4]

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@(!096YS


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



P
#`P
#`[)SX@-#(N-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS
S)P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


M

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

M

P
#`P
#`[)SX@.3@N.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS



M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3-P


T0G

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G

P
#`P
#`[)SX@.#8N-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@(!-:7-C96QL86YE;W5S




T0G=VED=&@Z(#4V


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

XR/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[

M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HU


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M



P
M
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
S


P
#`P

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




7!X.V)O


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;&4]






M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED






T0G=VED=&@Z(#
S
G!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z
S

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/DEN($UI;&QI;VYS/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

3
\+V9O;G0^


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ






M;&4]


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@(!!8V-R


M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#
S
M
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN
M+7=I9'1H.C
S


P
#`P
#`[


M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`T

SPO9F]N

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
W!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
S
M
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN
M+7=I9'1H.C
S


P
#`P
#`[

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$S




M

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C


T0G=VED=&@Z(#
S
G!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I
M9'1H.C
S


P
#`P
#`[)SX@



'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M0T]

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P



M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P







T0G=VED=&@Z(#4Q

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`T
M+C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




T0G=VED=&@Z(#4Q

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[

P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ





P
#`P
#`[
M)SX@
2PX

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


]

M

'!X.SX\

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[

M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HU


P
#`P
#`[5$58

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
P
'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;G0@;&EA8FEL:71I97

T0G=VED

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M


M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#
P
'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
P



P
#`P

M=`-B`@(`@(&%N9!P;W-T96UP;&]Y;65N=!B96YE9FET('!L86YS/]F

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
G!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

M.B`U

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@
2PX-3
N
#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC;VQO

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS


W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S

P
#`P
#`[;6EN






'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

W!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T



P
#`P

M(S$V
6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`Q



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




T0G=VED=&@Z(#
P
'!X.R!B

7!X.V)O


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG/B`Q+#DU

T0G=VED

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q




'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P












M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'


#`P



M:#H@


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



P
#`P

M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q



M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HU


M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-3@X+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q



M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

M;&4]

P
#`P


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT







#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C
W

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


G!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M



3-P


#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


P
#`P
#`[)SX@.#DU+C`\+V9O;G0^

W!X.R!B;W)D

G!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`Q

M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P









M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(P
M

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z


#`P
#`P.VUI



M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG
M/C(P
3


M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G

P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
G!X



7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


#`P
M







M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3-P






M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S
S
N.#PO



M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3-P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

M

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


M)W=I9'1H.B`U

M;W`M=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC

#`P





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

M.B`Q
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

M

M.B
P
#`P


M0T]

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/DEN=&5R97-T(&EN8V]M93PO9F]N

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

M9'1H.B`Q
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P





#`P



W!X.R!B;W)D



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





P
#`P
#`[


M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z






M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

U



W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

#`P
M



T1T;W`^



T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#
S
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
S



M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I
M9'1H.C
S


M0T]








P
#`P
M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ






P
#`P

M(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

M9'1H.B`Q

M=VED=&@Z


M;&4]







P
#`P

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


T0G


#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


P
#`P


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S


M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H
M.C
S


P
#`P
#`[)SY#87-H
6QE


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG

T0G=VED


M;&4]


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T8F$T7SEF-F-?
M
V(V-3%C-#AD9&(Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-A


M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



]


#$S/&)R




]



P
#`P
M


M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ



M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#`P


M





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E

#`P

Q-C`[

M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;&4]

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0S(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P

M(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$R

M=&@Z



P
#`P

M:#H@-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0S(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3


M9'1H.B`Q

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M9'1H.B`Q

M=VED=&@Z


M;&4]








#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H

M=&@Z


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M
C`Q

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z




#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
M
#`P





P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED








3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!


T0G


M.B
P
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^



#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I



M;&4]



M:#H@

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$P<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL


P
#`P
M

M.B`Q

M=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


7!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S+#@T


#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P



#`P
M


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`T+#0S,XV




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ.'!X


P
#`P



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV-W!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)

3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[)SX@-PT

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#(P
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(P


P
M
#`P

'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@
2PV
C@N

M9'1H.B`U

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P
M,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-W!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

\+V9O;G0^


#`P

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4V

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q+#4R

T0G

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M
#`P




#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V



M

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P
M.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[)SY.970@96%R;FEN9W


M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U-#@N.3PO9F]N

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU
7!X


P
#`P
#`[)SX@-#`U+C8\+V9O


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C

M9'1H.B`Q-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M



3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-#0T+C@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


M

M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S.3@N-#PO9F]N=#X\

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
SDQ+C4\+V9O;G0^


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M

M.B`Q-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[





M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D504SH\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL


#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M


M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$T


M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



#`P
#MM


#`P
#`P


#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@

M9'1H.B`Q
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

#`P
#MM:6XM


M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@

M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


P
M
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@

M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$X

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@

M9'1H.B`Q-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

#`P
#MM:6XM


M:#H@

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)


M1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`P+C@R/]F

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,XV
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D
M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-W!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\
M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

P
#`P



P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


7!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HU


P
#`P
#`[)SX@

M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-W!X


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z

'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


3U(Z
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P
M,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-W!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@


P
#`P
#`[)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



P
#`P
#`[)SX@


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

S


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
XS,#4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M
XS,S`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXD/]F

M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q


#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P

#`P
M


#`P
#`P.VUI


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

S


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

M;&4]

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
XS,#4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G

M
#`P


M;&4]

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M
'0M86QI9VXZ
M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-W!X.R<^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM


T0G

M
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(P
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(P

M;&4]

P
#`P
#`[)SX@(!(:6=H/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
M

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


P
#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C=P


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


P
#`P




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXD/]F;VYT


P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

P
#`P

M






M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(P



P
#`P

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG


P
#`P



M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$S

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@


M


P
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M






M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
M24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`T




M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M9'1H.B`U

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%




M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P

35P


P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M



S@N

M97AT4&%R=%]C86$P86)B-U\X.6
Q7S1B831?.68V8U\S8C8U
6
T.&1D8CD-







@*$1E=&%I;'
I

]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L(#(P
M
3







]
T1R93X-



]



]

]






]


3(@
M36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@8V]L

M;CTS1#$^
R!-;VYT:'

B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@


M9RX@
C@L(#(P

MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^075G+B`R.P@
C`Q


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L(#(P
3
\8G(^36%X

]
T1T
M:#Y-87D@
C8L(#(P
3


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
M
C8L(#(P
3

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(V+`R

M96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S













M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XU

]
T1T97AT
M/C


M/3-$=&5X=#XQ


T1T;W`^1FEN:71E+4QI=F5D($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@07-S


]












]


]
T1N=6UP/C0Y+C`P

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T


]


]


]




















]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

M96YT86=E(&EN($-O;G-O;&ED871E9!3=6)S:61I87)Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@





]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]



]


]


]


]


]








]


@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I9FEE





]

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
CDL(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@

M1'1H/D%U9RX@
C@L(#(P

C`Q
3QB




]




]

C4L(#(P
3(\8G(^66]K:2!!;&EM96YT
M;W


C`Q


M;G-H:7!S(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@























]


]




]


]


]

















T1T;W`^06-Q=6ER960@26YD969I;FET92UL


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(U


T1T;W`^17AC:&%N9V5A8FQE(&YO=&4\+W1D

]
T1N=6UP/C$S



]



'0^/'-P86X^/]S<&%N





]
T1R


]


]


]








]



]


]


]









;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
M86$P86)B-U\X.6
Q7S1B831?.68V8U\S8C8U
6
T.&1D8CDO5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]






SXQ
M
B!-;VYT:'

C`Q



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@








]




]

M86QI9VX]

]
T1N=6UP

]

]


]



]

]





]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]



]



BXR









]



M9RP@:6UP86ER;65N=P@86YD(&]T:&5R(&5X:70@8V]S=',\+W1D/@T*(`@

]

]


]

M86QI9VX]











]
T1R93X-

3`N-CQS


]




]

:6YE


]
T1N=6UP/C$\







&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T8F$T7SEF
M-F-?
V(V-3%C-#AD9&(Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z


M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$5&4T%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M


M;CTS1#
^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

C`Q
SQB

#$Q



]



T1T;W`^4F5S

]
T1N=6UP/B0@



M



]


]


]

\+W1D/@T*









]









]
T1N=6UP/C$P





]


]


]



]








]
M

M97)V97







]


]






]



]
T1R

]
T1N





]








]

]
T1N=6UP/C@S+C$\








]
T1N=6T^*#$I

M


M


]



M:6]N(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\




:6YE($ET96US73PO



]


]





]

]
M




]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]







]










M

]








]





M86QI9VX]








]

]
T1T97AT/E=E(&AA=F4@82`U

@5V]R;&1W:61E

3
P(&-O=6YT







]
T1T97AT

]


]






]


M=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G



M86QI9VX]



M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D-U;75L871I=F4@:6YV97-T;65N='



T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I;&P@
M86YD(&]T:&5R(&EN=&%N9VEB;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8V%A
&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T8F$T7SEF-F-?
V(V-3%C-#AD

O4VAE970U
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]

@:6X@2F]I;G0@5F5N
M='5R97

@86YD

I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@
M36EL;&EO;G


]
T1T:#Y-87D@




]



T1T;W`^4V%L97
@=&\@:F]I;G0@
M=F5N='5R97

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@


T1T;W`^3F5T(&%D=F%N8V5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

C(N

T1T;W`^1&EV:61E;F1S(')E8V5I=F5D


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]

M



SXQ
B!-;VYT
M:'


C`Q

]


]



T1T;W`^17%U:71Y($UE





]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#4W+C



M
T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W


]
T1N=6UP/C(S





]

]




2PP.#@N
M




]

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q-2XQ/'-P





]


]


]




]
T1N=6UP/C(L







]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]




&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T8F$T
M7SEF-F-?
V(V-3%C-#AD9&(Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V-A83!A8F(W7S@Y8S%?-&)A-%\Y9C9C7S-B-C4Q8S0X9&1B.2]7;W)K


M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5+0T%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$


]


T1T;W`^1G5T=7)E(&%M;W)T





S`\




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S`\







]

T1)1#!%0D=!

M26YT86YG:6)L97

C`Q


#$P/&)R



]
M



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



]


]
T1N=6UP/C8P




M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U-BXY

]
T1T97AT



]

]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C4L



]
T1N=6UP/C


]



]






]




]

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
CDL(#(P




]

]

2PV
38N-SQS


]



M;3XH

]


]



]


M4RX@4F5T86EL(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$




]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C4L
#DX+C



]
T1N=6UP/C8W









T1T;W`^16YD:6YG(&)A;&%N

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^26YT97)N871I;VYA;!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@





:6YE


]
T1N=6UP/C$R


]

]



]


]
T1N=6UP/C$X+C
\

M
3DN








]
T1T


M

]


]



]

]
T1N=6UP/CDR
2XQ/'-P



C


]
M






]


]



]




]
T1N=6UP/CDR












]
T1N=6UP/C0T




M9VX]








]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3(T+C(\







]

T1)1#!%5U%!

M26YT86YG:6)L97
@*%-C:&5D=6QE(&]F(&-H86YG97



^

M-BP@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L


]
M




]
T1N=6UP/C
Q


]
T1N=6UP/C0U+C
\



]
T1N=6T^


34N






]
T1R

]
T1N
M=6UP/C
L



\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C
Y+C


]
T1N=6T^*#

M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S+C0I/'-P86X^


]
T1N
M=6UP/C
L



]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YT97)N871I;VYA;!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^





]



M

]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C$L
#4P+C





]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C0Y






M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D)E9VEN;FEN9R!B86QA;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@





]


]
M


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C86$P86)B-U\X
M.6
Q7S1B831?.68V8U\S8C8U
6




M:78]

]
M


M:6YA;F-I86P@26YS=')U;65N='


I(A5
M4T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G



T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@





]

]
M

T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


T0Q/C
@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@

3(@36]N=&AS($5N


R!-;VYT
M:'

M/3-$


C`Q


C`Q
M


C`Q


C`Q



]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L
M(#(P
3
\8G(^0W5S=&]M97(@0V]N8V5N=')A=&EO;B!2:7-K($9I=F4@3&%R

C`Q




M


C`Q



C`Q




C`Q



C`Q
M



M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(V+`R
#$S/&)R/D9I=F4@2'5N9')E

#$P(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/E1R96%S=7)Y($QO

M075G+B`R.2P@
C`Q

M
C`Q

C`Q

M($UI;&QI;VX@1FES8V%L(#(P

C`Q


M36EL;&EO;B!&;W)W87)D(%-T87)T:6YG(%-W87!S(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/DEN




C`Q

M;VX@1FES8V%L(#(P



C`Q

#$S(%M-


]
T1T

]

C`Q

M3F]T97
@1'5E($9E8G)U87)Y(#(P-#


M86QI9VX]

:6YE($ET96US73PO


























]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S`P/'-P86X^

]
T1T

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@





















]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C











T1T;W`^





































]


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%S:!3971T;&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L





























]


]







]






















M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@X+C
I/'-P86X^


34N
2D\






]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N







2PP










]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(U
#QS

]
T1T97AT

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]




]


]


]


]
T1T97AT/C
P('EE87)S/'-P



]


]


]


]


]


]


]




]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
































































































]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



















]

M;F-Y(%1R86YS86-T:6]N($=A:6YS(A,;W-S97,I($%F=&5R5&%X($%C8W5M
M=6QA=&5D($]T:&5R($-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@26YC;VUE/]T9#X-B`@(`@

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='




]
T1R93X-








































M;VX@4FES:R!097)C96YT86=E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



2XP






]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]




]







































\+W1D/@T*

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^36%R:V5T86)L92!396-U



]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M



#
N


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]











































]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@














































































]





]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^56YR96%L:7IE9!
;W-S
M97

]
M








































2XX/'-P






































B!-;VYT:'

M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8V%A
&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T8F$T
M7SEF-F-?







C`Q



]

]



T1T;W`^0V]S




]


]


]





]


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


T1T;W`^

M
S0N

]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C`N





]













]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@



]




C`Q
CQB

]

]
T1T


M

M

]


]





]
T1T97AT

]

3
T/'-P

M

]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C4R+C




]
M

]


]


T1T;W`^0V]S=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



]



]











M;7`^









]


]

]
M


M9VX]


]
M



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C86$P86)B-U\X
M.6
Q7S1B831?.68V8U\S8C8U
6




M:78]

]
M


M:6YA;F-I86P@26YS=')U;65N='

@*%-C:&5D=6QE(&]F('5N86QL;V-A=&5D

I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL
M;&EO;G



]
T1T:#Y-87D@

3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@



]





M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$R



]



]







]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

#0N






]
T1R

T1)1#!%




]
T1T:#Y-87D@




]



:6YE($ET96US










]

]


T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!.

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@


M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8V%A
&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T8F$T
M7SEF-F-?

O4VAE970V
BYH=&UL#0I#


M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M($9A:7(@5F%L=65S(A38VAE9'5L92!O9B!S=V%P(&-O;G1R86-T(&UA='5R
M:71I97,I(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$(0I/&)R/DEN($UI;&QI;VYS+!U;FQE









P


]

]






]

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]







]







'0O:'1M



]

M($%C=&EV:71I97

I(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$(0I

M
C`Q

]
M







]

]
T1N=6UP

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^3W1H97(@3&EA8FEL:71I97





]

]










T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!


]


]
T1R



]
T1N





]
T1R

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]



T1T;W`^3W1H97(@07-S






M
3
N

]



T1T;W`^5&]T86P@3&EA
M8FEL:71I97





]

]






]




M87



:6YE($ET96US



]
T1N=6UP/C$P+C







]







S0N


]

]
T1N=6UP



]


T1T;W`^5&]T
M86P@3&EA8FEL:71I97






]






]





]
T1N=6UP





]


]



]


]


]



38N

]





]


@1F%I


M1&YU;7`^

]



]



]

M


]











T1T;W`^3&5V96P@
M

]






]




T1T;W`^
M1&5R:79A=&EV92!


]










]
T1N=6UP
M/C$P+C








@2&5D9VEN








]
T1T


M9VX]
T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!



















M9VX]

]
T1R




T1T
M;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!












]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1N




]


]


]


]





]





]




]
M


M9VX]


T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!
:6%B:6QI

]
T1N=6UP



@2&5D9VEN9R!;365M8F5R










]


]
M


]


]














@6TQI;F4@271E


]



M86ER(%9A;'5E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@P+C$I

M

]









]
M







]


M;G


]




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]
T1N



M3&5V96P@

@2&5D9VEN9R!);G-T





]
T1R




]

]



T1T

]
T1R93X-
















]

M($9I;F%N8VEA;!3=&%T96UE;G0@0V%P=&EO;G,@6TQI;F4@271E;7-=/]S





]





]
T1R



]
T1N=6UP














T1T;W`^17%U
M:71Y($-O;G1R86-T(%M-96UB97)=('P@3&5V96P@
B!;365M8F5R72!\($YO

]





]

M86QI9VX]




T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!
:6%B


]

M(#





M=&%T96UE;G0@0V%P=&EO;G




]

#QS


]

]




M86QU92!86QA;F-E(%-H965T($=R;W5P:6YG($9I;F%N8VEA;!3=&%T96UE
M;G0@0V%P=&EO;G




]

3


]
M


]
T1N=6T^*#



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]D:71Y($-O;G1R86-T
M(%M-96UB97)=('P@3&5V96P@,2!;365M8F5R72!\($YO=!$97-I9VYA=&5D

]
M

]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]




T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!
:6%B:6QI='D@1F%I

]



]








T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV
M92!


]



@2&5D








]
M







]



]
T1N=6UP
M/C@N

]




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1W)A:6X@0V]N
M=')A8W1S(%M-96UB97)=('P@3&5V96P@,2!;365M8F5R72!\($YO=!$97-I


]

]
T1P


]
T1T

]




]

#QS


]

]








M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S


]



@6TUE;6)E

@2&5D








]
M







]










]
T1R93X-B`@(`@




]


]





]
T1N=6UP/C4N


]




]
M

]


]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


3



:6%B:6QI














]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C86$P86)B-U\X.6
Q
M7S1B831?.68V8U\S8C8U
6



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


M97

]

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@


]






]


]

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@


M96-L87-S:69I960@9G)O;2!!3T-)(&EN=&\@96%R;FEN9W


]





]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]
T1T

]

]





]





]


]


]



]


]

]



T1T;W`^06UO=6YT(&]F




]


]



]





]



]


]









]
T1R






]
T1R;SX-







I(')E8VQA


]




M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@P+C






]
T1R;SX-






]


]

]
T1T97AT


T1T

I(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@96%R;FEN
M9W










]


]




M1&YU;7`^

]







M


]

]
M


M9VX]



]

]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP

M;3XH



]






T1T;W`^06UO=6YT(&]F(&=A:6X@*&QO





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



T1T;W`^0V]M;6]D:71Y($-O;G1R86-T(%M-96UB







]



T1T;W`^0V]M;6]D:71Y($-O;G1R86-T(%M-96UB97)=

@2&5D9VEN9R!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@















]

T1)1#!%33-#23X-B`@(`@(#QT

T0R/C


R!-;VYT:'
@16YD

3X\

3X\+W1H

3X\+W1H/@T*


3X\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@






C8L(#(P
3(\8G(^

@1'5E($9E8G)U87)Y(#(P

M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`R-2P@
C`Q
M


C`Q


C0L(#(P
3


#$V(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^

M



]


]


]


#$V

M3F]T97


C0L(#(P
M
3




#$S/&)R/DQI;F4@3V8@0W)E9&ET(%M-96UB

M;F4@;V8@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL:71Y(%M



















M:71T960@;&EN97
@;V8@8W)E9&ET/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S
















#`P+#`P





















S(L.#`P+#`P
#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]

#`L


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]

#`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#`P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C0U-RPY
#`L



]
T1T97AT/CQS

#`L







]
T1N=6UP/C8N




]


]





























]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C`N
M














I(&]N($EN=&5R97-T(%)A=&4@


]
T1N=6T^*#@W+#$P





















]
T1N=6UP/C4R






















@4F5P



@3V8@4')I;F-I


2PY
#`L




]
T1N=6UP/C4P





















]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]

M($]F(%!R:6YC:7!A;!);B!996%R($9I=F4\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3`P+#`P


















;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C
M86$P86)B-U\X.6
Q7S1B831?.68V8U\S8C8U
6
T.&1D8CDO5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]




C`Q


]








]
T1N=6UP/C(N-#`E




]


]



]

]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C`N

M1&YU;7`^


]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@




&%B
M8C=?.#EC
5\T8F$T7SEF-F-?

O4VAE
M970V-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS=')O


@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P

T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*

M
#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$


]








]
M

T1T;W`^1FEV92!3:7@@1FEV92!097)C96YT($YO

#$Y(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@







]
T1T






]





]



T1T


]


]





]



T1T


]

]
T1T


M

]
T1R





T1T;W`^3&]N9RUT

]

M

]




]






]






]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@










]

C`T
R!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@





]

]
T1P




]




]

]
T1T


M

]
T1R




30@6TUE

]


]




T1T;W`^3VYE
M($9I=F4@1FEV92!097)C96YT($YO=&5S($1U92!-87D@



]







]





]
T1R;SX-











]




]




]
M

]







]




]
T1R



]




#0N


]

M96YT(%M











]

]








]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@


M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@








]

T1)1#!%


^
3(@36]N


M1#(^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$

R!-;VYT:'

SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H


]
T1T:#Y-87D@


C`Q


@4T%3(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

]
T1T:#Y-87D@

M(#(P

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^075G+B`R.P@
C`Q



MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(V+`R
#$S/&)R/D=E;F5R
M86P@36EL;'

;&




]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#8Q/'-P





]
T1T

]
T1T

]





]


]


]


]


]



]



]

]
M
















@=&\@;F]N8V]N=')O;&QI

]
T1N=6UP/C4N


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C






]


]


]


]


]


















]







]


]



T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F(%EE87)S


]


]


]


]


]













&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T
M8F$T7SEF-F-?

O4VAE970V.2YH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


I(A54T0@)D\
M8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G


]



]
T1T:#Y-87D@
CDL(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(V+`R,#$S/&)R/D9O=7)T:!1=6%R=&5R(#(P
3
@



C`Q


]

M97

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T


]
T1N=6UP/C@N


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
2PQ-C

]




]


]


]


]

]
T1P

@97-T:6UA












]


&%B8C=?.#EC
M
5\T8F$T7SEF-F-?
V(V-3%C-#AD9&(Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F
M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-A83!A8F(W7S@Y8S%?-&)A-%\Y9C9C7S-B-C4Q8S0X9&1B


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V



2!R


I
M(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G



]


]
M
T1T:#Y&96(N(#(T+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

C4L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^075G+B`R-BP@
C`Q


]

C@L(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(V+`R,#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

C`Q

#$S/&)R/D=E;F5R86P@
M36EL;'


#$Q/&)R
M/D=E;F5R86P@36EL;'



C`Q

]
T1T:#Y-87D@
M
CDL(#(P


#$R/&)R/E)E9&5E;6%B

M87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#


]


M(&%D:G5S=&UE;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\




































M.3

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^4V5C=7)I=&EE























]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1N
M=6UP/C

M/3-$;G5M/B@X


]
T1N=6T^*#


M=&\@96%R;FEN9W

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$V+C


]
T1N=6UP/C$S





]


]


]


]


]


]

2PP



]


]


]


]



]

]


]


]


]


]


]



]


]


]



T1T;W`^3F5T(&%C='5A

]
T1N=6UP
M/C










M;7`^













]


]


]



]




]


]


]


















]
T1N=6T^*#0Q+C4I/'-P86X^







]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]
T1R












]
T1N=6T^
M*#(W

]
M
T1N=6UP/C


]




]


I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X










]


]





]



]
























]


]


]


]

]
T1N=6T^*#`N





]



#QS


T1T;W`^
M2&5D9V4@9&5R:79A=&EV97

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


]

C
N





































BXR/'-P

3$N


3`N


]



M;W-S97



]


]


]


]



]





]
T1N=6UP/C`\



]












]
T1N=6UP

M1&YU;7`^

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W




]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C4T




]
M



2PW.3@N


]


]


]


]





\+W1D/@T*

]


]


]


]




]











]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L
#$S+C8\

M


]



]
M




]


]


]


]


]

M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#@V+C$I/'-P86X^/]S

M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8V%A
&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T8F$T7SEF-F-?
M

O4VAE970W
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




]
T1T:#Y-
M87D@
C8L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^




]










]

]
M


T1T;W`^2&5D9V4@9&5R:79A=&EV97
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

M969I='



]
T1N=6T^*#$L.30U+CDI/'-P



]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



2PU.#4N


Q7S1B831?.68V8U\S
M8C8U
6







M86QI9VX]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]







]





'0^
M

@


]

]
M

]
T1T97AT/E-T;V-K



@869T97(@=&AE(&1A=&4@;V8@


M96-E:79E('1H;W-E(&%M;W5N='


@86YD




]















@;V8@96UP





@:7
@8F%S960@;VX@=&AE(%4N4RX@



]



]







]



M1&YU;7`^










]

]






]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E9!3


]



]
M

]
M

]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3(T+C



Q7S1B831?.68V8U\S
M8C8U
6




M('9A;'5E(&]F('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G


]

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(V+`R


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
CDL(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@


@



]







]
T1N


BXY


]


]


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XX('EE87)S(#8@;6]N=&AS/'-P86X^

M86QI9VX]







M+C

M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8V%A
&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T8F$T
M7SEF-F-?





^
3(@36]N=&AS

C`Q


M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(Y+`R








]

]

]
T1N=6UP/C



]
T1N=6UP/C4L
C
T+#
P
M

]


]
T1N=6T^*#$P+#(W.2PS


3@L-C8U+#0P

]


L



3(V+#(P


]

]
T1N=6UP/C0W
M+#8W
BPQ








SDL-38T+#DP






]
T1N=6UP/C
Y+#(R
2PW
M




]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@





M9VX]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



W+C



BXU.3QS

]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S0N
M







]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@






]
T1N=6UP/B0@









]

@=F%L


T0S


M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(W+`R
#$R/&)R/CPO




]

P


S


]
M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@




M-U\X.6
Q7S1B831?.68V8U\S8C8U
6

M;G1E;G0]



SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*



C`Q

]



]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C(L-#`T+#DP

]
T1N=6UP/C
L-S4Q+#8P


]



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S@N






]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C@L-34Q+#@P


]


]

BPS
S`L-#`P/'-P







]




]
M

]
M

]

]


T1T;W`^1W)A;G1E9#PO=&0^

]






]
T1T

]



]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4F5S=')I8W1E9!3=&]C:R!5


]





]


]


]


SDW+#$P


]

]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1W)A;G1E9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C



M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q,PT




]


]


]

]
T1T97AT


T1T


]
T1T


M

M(#









]
M


]
T1T

]
T1T

]

I

]
M


M9VX]










]
T1N=6T^*#$L-C
X+#(P

]
T1R;SX-

M-2PU








]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@












]



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S(N






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C86$P86)B-U\X.6
Q7S1B
M831?.68V8U\S8C8U
6



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W



M*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G

]

M;'-P86X]


M
C`Q



]
T1T


C`Q




















]


]


]


]


]


]






]


]


]


]


]


















]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C8V-2XV/'-P86X^



]

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@








]
T1N=6UP/B0@
BXT




]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@

]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@

Q7S1B831?
M.68V8U\S8C8U
6



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

^#0H@(`@(`\='(^

M;G1I+61U;&ET:79E('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G

M8VL@=6YI='


]


]
M
T1T:#Y-87D@
CDL(#(P
3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@




]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C86$P86)B-U\X.6
Q7S1B831?.68V
M8U\S8C8U
6

T1#;VYT96YT

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J





SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*



C`Q

]












]
T1N=6UP


]
T1N=6UP/CDN


]





]


]
T1N=6UP/C@N



@87-S
M=6UE9!T;R!D96-L:6YE(AU;'1I;6%T92!R871E*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@




T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET
M(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G


]

M86QI9VX]




]




@9FEX960@:6YC;VUE(&9U;F1S/]T9#X-B`@





]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@







]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


;W-S($]N(%!L86X@

]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G
@6TUE;6)E

]














34N
M




M(%!R:79A=&4@17%U:71I97


]






]


T1T;W`^5&%R9V5T($%L;&]C871I;VX@

@17%U:71Y(%-E8W5R:71I97
\+W1D/@T*

]


T1T;W`^56YI=&5D(%-T871E







]


]
T1R93X-





M;7`^
S`N







]


]

]


]



]

]


]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C


]


]

M;F%T:6]N86P@17%U:71Y(%-E8W5R:71I97


]






]



T1T;W`^5&%R9V5T($%L

@17%U:71Y(%-E8W5R:71I
M97

]



T1T;W`^3W1H


]


]


]


]


]


]


]


]






]


3(@36]N=&AS($5N

C`Q


]


]
T1T97AT

]

]
T1N=6UP/C@N



M(&1E8VQI;F4@*'5L=&EM871E(')A=&4I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L

&%B
M8C=?.#EC
5\T8F$T7SEF-F-?

O4VAE
M970X
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P





^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@




C`Q
M

]




CQS

]




T1T;W`^169F96-T(&]N





M87)T7V-A83!A8F(W7S@Y8S%?-&)A-%\Y9C9C7S-B-C4Q8S0X9&1B.0T*0V]N





]

M
T1)1#!%





^

M
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S






]

]

]
T1N


]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C(R
M

M;7`^





]
T1N=6UP/C(P+C




C(N

M/B@R
#
N






]
T1N
M=6UP/C0L



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]


]

]
T1N=6UP


]


]

C




]

]
T1N=6UP/C`N



]
T1N=6T^



\+W1D/@T*




]

M;G1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R


]

]
M






]



]

]
T1N=6T^*#


]
T1T97AT

]
















T1T;W`^16UP;&]Y97(@

M;7`^


]

3(N


T1T;W`^0F5N969I='
@4&%Y
M;65N='


]
M

]


]
T1N=6UP/C
U

M/D1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=!0;&%N($-H86YG92!);B!96YE9FET($]B;&EG

]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F5N969I=!O8FQI9V%T:6]N
M(&%T(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!Y96%R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]







]




M;7`^


]


M;G


]


]






]


]

]
T1N=6T^*#4X






]

M=!O8FQI9V%T:6]N(&%T(&5N9!O9B!Y96%R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D




I









M:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86X@0VAA;F=E($EN($9A:7(@5F%L=64@3V8@4&QA


]


]


]


M;7`^


M


]
T1R


]



]





M/3-$=&]P/E!L86X@86UE;F1M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S







]

M


]


]









M/B@Q




T1T;W`^06-Q=6ES:71I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@



T1T;W`^4')O:F5C=&5D(&)E;F5F:70@







M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$T
M


M8V%A
&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T8F$T7SEF-F-?
V(V-3%C-#AD9&(Y#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-A83!A8F(W7S@Y8S%?-&)A-%\Y9C9C

N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M




M969I='



M-RP@
C`Q

]





2PX





]


2PX
#DN



]


]

M86QI9VX]

M;&]S=7)E(%M





]

2PW
30N



@*&-R961I='
I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L


]









]

]







]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#$U


]
T1R:#X-


]



M;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M

]
T1N=6T^*#@N



]


]



]


]


&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T8F$T
M7SEF-F-?
V(V-3%C-#AD9&(Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V-A83!A8F(W7S@Y8S%?-&)A-%\Y9C9C7S-B-C4Q8S0X9&1B.2]7;W)K

M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$4V4D%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$




C`Q


]

]
T1T


M



C

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^06-C=6UU;&%T960@8F5N969I=!O8FQI9V%T:6]N






]
M


M;G


]
T1N=6UP/C`\



]
T1N=6UP/C$L
3



]

M-#



]









]



]
M


30Q+C



]
T1N=6UP/B0@








]



@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I

]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L(#(P
M
3

M
C`Q

]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^4V5R


30N


]

]

C



]




]
T1N=6UP/C@Q




T1T;W`^

]
T1N


]


30N


]











]




]

]
T1N=6UP




]
T1P

]
T1N=6T^*#
U+C4I/'-P

S
N
M

M=&]P/D%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;B!O9B!L;W-S97





]



]


\





M;7`^-#DN


]

]


]


]



]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^4V5R=FEC92!C;W-T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L







]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

M;7`^




]







]
T1R





M+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C86$P86)B-U\X.6
Q7S1B831?.68V8U\S8C8U
M
6









]




]



]


M

@*&-R
M961I='







M($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!!;6]U;G1S(%1H870@5VEL;!92!!;6]R=&EZ960@







M;7!L;WEM96YT($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;G



M4&QA;B!!;6]U;G1S(%1H870@5VEL;!92!!;6]R=&EZ960@1G)O;2!!8V-U








;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B]C86$P86)B-U\X.6
Q7S1B831?.68V8U\S8C8U
6
T.&1D8CDO5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]



M-BP@
C`Q


]



M($EN($-A;&-U;&%T:6YG($)E;F5F:70@3V)L:6=A=&EO;B!;06)S=')A8W1=

]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C0N


]




]




M;&%N(%=E:6=H=&5D($%V97)A9V4@07-S=6UP=&EO;G









]
T1N=6UP/C`N




M:70@4&QA;G

]
T1T

]



]





]

]
T1N


M4&%R=%]C86$P86)B-U\X.6
Q7S1B831?.68V8U\S8C8U
6



M87-C:6DB#0H-
MCQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N





M1'1L(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


@*%-C:&5D


^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N

C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\





M:6




T1T;W`^4F%T92!O








T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4&]S=')E=&ER


M=&EN9R!.970@4&5R:6]D:6







M9VX]




]
T1R;SX-

]
T1N=6UP/C@N
3



S)3QS

]









]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C





R4\



M

M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T8F$T7SEF-F-?
V(V-3%C-#AD9&(Y#0I#;VYT
M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-A83!A8F(W7S@Y8S%?-&)A-%\Y




^


M1$E$



M0F5N969I='



I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
CDL(#(P



]

]
T1T

]
T1T

]

U


T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!E;G-I;VX@
M4&QA;G

]


]



]

M;B!&86ER(%9A;'5E($]F(%!L86X@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D




]

M96YS:6]N(%!L86YS(%M-96UB97)=('P@1FEX960@:6YC;VUE(%M-96UB97)=







]



T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE


]
T1N=6UP/C$L
34S+C



M9FEN960@0F5N969I=!096YS:6]N(%!L86YS(%M-96UB97)=('P@4F5A;!A









]
M



]

M86YS(%M-96UB97)=('P@3W1H97(@26YV97-T;65N='


]




M($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M







]



]









]
T1N=6UP/C$V.2XW/'-P

34S












]
T1N=6UP/C(L
M






]


]



]


2PQ
3DN



T1T;W`^1&5F
M:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G





]


T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L



]



]





]
T1N=6UP/C$S

3












]
T1N=6UP/C`\









]
T1R;SX-

\+W1D/@T*


]
T1R:#X-

B!;365M






]
M

\



]



M4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M






]


]
T1T


M

M(%M

]
M

]










]
T1N=6UP/C$V.2XQ/'-P



T1T
M;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G



]



M;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M









T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!
M96YE9FET(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G


]


]



]

M;B!&86ER(%9A;'5E($]F(%!L86X@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D



T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA
M;G







]


T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86X@



T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!E
M;G-I;VX@4&QA;G

M:71Y(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\





]
T1T


M


]
T1N

]


]


]








T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!
M96YE9FET(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G











]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]


]


]



]

M;B!&86ER(%9A;'5E($]F(%!L86X@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D







]


]


]

]
T1P

M;7`^


]

]


]


]




M969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!&86ER(%9A;'5E($]F(%!L86X@07-S971S




S4S


@6TUE;6)E

]
M

]
M

]





M($]F(%!L86X@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

#4N


]


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4&]S=')E=&ER96UE;G0@0F5N969I=!0;&%N





]









]





M97)=('P@3W1H97(@26YV97-T;65N='


]



M4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M






]




@

]



T1T;W`^/'-T

:6YE($ET





M3&5V96P@



]



]
M

]


]


]



]






T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4&]S

]


]



]

M;B!&86ER(%9A;'5E($]F(%!L86X@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D



T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4&]S=')E=&ER96UE;G0@








]


T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86X@



M9FET(%!L86YS(%M-96UB97)=('P@3&5V96P@
2!;365M8F5R72!\($]T:&5R
M($EN=F5S=&UE;G1S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S







]




]
T1N



@6TUE

]


]


]


















]
T1N=6UP/C(X
M

]


]

]


]


]




T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4&]S

]


]



]

M;B!&86ER(%9A;'5E($]F(%!L86X@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D




]


]


]


]


]


]



M9FET(%!L86YS(%M-96UB97)=('P@3&5V96P@
B!;365M8F5R72!\($]T:&5R
M($EN=F5S=&UE;G1S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S







]





]

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4&]S=')E=&ER96UE;G0@0F5N969I=!0




]












]
T1N=6UP
M/C






]




M9SY$969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M
:6YE($ET96US






M3&5V96P@






]



M;65N=!96YE9FET(%!L86YS(%M-96UB97)=('P@3&5V96P@
R!;365M8F5R
M72!\(%)E86P@87-S970@:6YV97-T;65N='


]



M:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M









T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4&]S=')E=&ER






]






]


]


]


]




M=%]C86$P86)B-U\X.6
Q7S1B831?.68V8U\S8C8U
6



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


@*%-C:&5D=6QE
M(&]F(&QE=F5L(#
@:6YV97-T;65N='

M(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(V+`R,#$S/&)R/D1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=!0


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
CDL(#(P
3$\8G(^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!E;G-I
M;VX@4&QA;G

M/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(V+`R,#$S/&)R/D1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=!096YS:6]N


M-BP@
C`Q


M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(W+`R
#$R/&)R/D1E9FEN960@0F5N

]
T1T:#Y-87D@
M
C8L(#(P
3
\8G(^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G
@6TUE


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L(#(P
3
\8G(^1&5F:6YE9!96YE
M9FET(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G

M='

M36%Y(#(W+`R,#$R/&)R/D1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=!096YS:6]N(%!L86YS
M(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/D]T:&5R($EN=F5S=&UE;G1S(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO




C`Q



]
T1T:#Y-
M87D@
C8L(#(P
3
\8G(^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G
@



M87-S970@:6YV97-T;65N='

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(V+`R,#$S/&)R/D1E9FEN960@0F5N969I
M=!096YS:6]N(%!L86YS(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/DQE=F5L(#

M8G(^3W1H97(@26YV97-T;65N='

@6TUE;6)E



MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(W+`R
#$R/&)R/D]T:&5R


#$S/&)R



]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L(#(P
3
\8G(^


M-BP@
C`Q

M(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/E)E86P@87-S970@:6YV97-T;65N='


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L(#(P
3
\8G(^3W1H


]
T1T:#Y-87D@

3(\8G(^3W1H97(@4&]S=')E=&ER

]
T1T
M:#Y-87D@
C8L(#(P
3
\8G(^3W1H97(@4&]S=')E=&ER96UE;G0@0F5N969I



M:70@4&QA;G





M;G



M4&QA;G



M:70@4&QA;G




]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L(#(P
3
\8G(^



]

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]


U
RXY


]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@
BPX





34S+C


M



]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#
V+CD\

M(#



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C
N-#QS

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
3









]
T1N=6UP/B0@
#QS



]


]


]
T1N=6T^*#$N
BD\


M


]





]



]



]

M97

















]



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6T^
M*#4N

M;G5M/B@R+C



]




]


T1T;W`^06-T=6%L(')E='5R;B!O;B!P;&%N


]




]



]


]


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6T^
M*#`N









]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-S
P










]
T1N=6UP/B0@





]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@






]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C`N


]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@

MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T8F$T7SEF-F-?
V(V-3%C-#AD9&(Y
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-A83!A8F(W7S@Y8S%?






$5-



M96UE;G0@0F5N969I='


C`Q


]






]
T1T97AT

]

]
T1N=6UP
M/C$P


#`N



]



]



T1T;W`^1&5F
M:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G




]

]


T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L
M86XL(%=E:6=H=&5D+4%V97)A9V4@07-S970@06QL;V-A=&EO;G
\+W1D/@T*

]


]







]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86XL
M(%=E:6=H=&5D+4%V97)A9V4@07-S970@06QL;V-A=&EO;G,\+W1D/@T*(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C$W+C



T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!
M96YE9FET(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G


]

]
T1T


M
T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86XL(%=E:6=H=&5D+4%V97)A9V4@
M07-S970@06QL;V-A=&EO;G


]
T1N=6UP/C$S+C

]
M



]



#`N



]




]
T1R93X-

]
T1N=6UP/C4N
C`E






]
T1R;SX-



M


]







]


]

]
T1N=6UP/C(Q+C8P)3QS


M

]



M4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M








&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T
M8F$T7SEF-F-?
V(V-3%C-#AD9&(Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V-A83!A8F(W7S@Y8S%?-&)A-%\Y9C9C7S-B-C4Q8S0X9&1B.2]7


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$4R-4%%/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S




I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO
M;G

MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(V+`R
#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^



]


]



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]

]
T1P

]
M

















]








]

]
T1N=6UP/C(W



]
M
T1N=6UP/C$L-3$R+C


M4&QA;G


T1T

M=7)E($)E;F5F:70@4&%Y;65N='





]



]
M



N.#QS

]


]
M


@5&AE


]

]



]



M($)E;F5F:70@4&%Y;65N='



T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET



T1T;W`^1&5F




M=7)E($)E;F5F:70@4&%Y;65N='



T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86XL


]
T1R93X-


M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C86$P86)B-U\X.6,Q7S1B831?.68V8U\S
M8C8U,6,T.&1D8CD-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8V%A
M
&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T8F$T7SEF-F-?

O
M4VAE970Y
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS


M(&-O;'-P86X]



]
T1T:#Y-87D@
M
S`L(#(P














M
38Q+#@P


]


3`P+#`P


]







]


T1T;W`^1F]R96EG;B!L;W-S








]
T1R;SX-

C$L-C`P+#`P
M

]
T1T97AT


T1T

#`L





]


]
T1N=6T^*#
U+#`P


















2PU
#`L
M



@=VET:!T:&4@25)3/]T9#X-B`@(`@



]



]




BPP
#`L



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R
#`L


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^5&%X
M+7)E;&%T960@;F5T(&EN=&5R97-T(&%N9!P96YA;'1I97


]
T1N=6UP/C0Y+#
P
M


]

@86YD(&%C8W)U960@



]


]

M;B!5+E



]

]


]





]


]


T1T;W`^3G5M8F5R(&]F(&]P96X@=&%X('EE87)S(&9O



]


]


]



]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@-S(L
#`P+#`P


]

MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T8F$T7SEF-F-?
V(V-3%C-#AD9&(Y
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-A83!A8F(W7S@Y8S%?










@8F5F;W)E(&EN8V]M92!T

M97

M;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G



]
T1T:#Y-87D@
M

3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y






]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

\

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PX
M





]
M




]




]
T1N=6UP/C
W



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4W1A=&4@86YD(&QO8V%L/]T



]
T1N=6UP/C$P.2XQ












]
M

]
T1N=6T^*#8N

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-RXR




]
T1R974^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

\

C$N



]
T1T


SXQ
B!-
M;VYT:'


C`Q



]







]
T1N=6UP/C


]
T1N=6UP/C


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$N-#`E/'-P86X^

BXW


]



BXP




]
T1N=6UP/C`N



M;7`^


]
T1P

XP,4\


M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^1&]M97-T:6


]
T1N=6T^*#$N.#`E*3QS


M









;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C86$P86)B-U\X.6
Q7S1B831?
M.68V8U\S8C8U
6

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS



M97



M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(W+`R



]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@



M969I='


]





]



]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C0V


T+C







]

]


S`N-CQS

]

]


]





]

C
R+C@\





]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



]
T1R

W+C0\

M
#`N

]


]



]

\





]
T1N=6UP/C0V





]



BPV-S@N



]




Q
M7S1B831?.68V8U\S8C8U
6

M

04




#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R



M/D)A;&%N8V4L(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!Y96%R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D





S@N-3QS


]



]

]



M1&YU;3XH


]
T1P



T1T;W`^

&%B
M8C=?.#EC
5\T8F$T7SEF-F-?

O4VAE




^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@

M97

I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO
M;G

MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(V+`R
#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^




T1T;W`^



]
M











M=!I9#TS1$E$,$5&4T%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]

^
3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


T1T;W`^







]




M9VX]


]








]
T1N=6UP/C












Q7S1B831?
M.68V8U\S8C8U
6






M/3-$

L(&%N9!#
M;VYT:6YG96YC:65S(A38VAE9'5L92!O9B!N;VYC86YC96QA8FQE(&9U='5R

I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@
M36EL;&EO;G

#$S/&)R


]


]




]



]
T1N








]

]


]




T1T;W`^1'5E('=I=&AI;B!F:69T:!Y96%R/]T9#X-






Z(&EN=&5R97-T

]


MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C86$P86)B-U\X.6
Q7S1B
M831?.68V8U\S8C8U
6






]

T0Q



T1T;W`^/'-T




T1T;W`^52Y3+B!2971A


T1T;W`^




T1T;W`^/'-T


M92!O9B!T;W1A;!C;VYS;VQI9&%T960@;F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@








\+W1D

&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T
M8F$T7SEF-F-?
V(V-3%C-#AD9&(Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T
Z+V-A83!A8F(W7S@Y8S%?-&)A-%\Y9C9C7S-B-C4Q8S0X9&1B.2]7





]






]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L


]

C8L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@

C8L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`R-RP@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@

]
T1T:#Y-87D@


M4F5P;W)T:6YG($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%M













]

]

]
T1N=6UP


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

T1T;W`^4F5P;W)T86)L92!396=M96YT(%M-96UB





























RPP


]
M

]
T1R93X-

]
T1R






















]
T1N=6UP/C(L



]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]


]


]


]


]


]


]



]
M



]


]


]


]



]


]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M


]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M


M9VX]
T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$












]




]


]


]


]


]





]


]


]


]


]












]



]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1P


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
M














M4F5P;W)T:6YG($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%M














M87)T7V-A83!A8F(W7S@Y8S%?-&)A-%\Y9C9C7S-B-C4Q8S0X9&1B.0T*0V]N





I(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$(0I

M
T0X/C
@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$

^

M-BP@
C`Q


]
T1T
M:#Y-87D@

3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$
M=&@^1F5B+B`R-BP@
C`Q




]
T1T:#Y-87D@
CDL(#(P


]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]
M

]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
38L




]


]


]


]


]


]



]















]


]


]


]



]
T1N=6UP/C(L














]










]




]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T


M

:6YE($ET96US


]


]


]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C(L.#@Y



BPX

]
M



































BPX




@86YD($EN9W)E9&EE;G1S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@














]


]


]


]


]


]

]
M

]















]


]


]


]


]


]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S/]T









2PY
C4N-3QS


]


]


]


]


]


]


]

]
T1P














]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T

]
T1T




]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT


T1T

:6YE($ET96US73PO


]


]


]


]


]





]

]


]


]


]


]


]



]















]


]


]


]

&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T8F$T
M7SEF-F-?
V(V-3%C-#AD9&(Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O
M+T
Z+V-A83!A8F(W7S@Y8S%?-&)A-%\Y9C9C7S-B-C4Q8S0X9&1B.2]7;W)K



M(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]




]

T0S/C$R($UO

C`Q


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^

M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(W+`R
#$R/&)R/CPO

]

C`Q
M

M
#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$


]


]


]


]


]



T1T;W`^3F5T










]
T1N=6UP/B0@









]







]
M

]
M


]



]


]


]





]




]
T1N=6UP/C0W








BPX


]


]




2PQ
C4N-#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1N=6UP/C@T




M;7`^
2PQ



T1T;W`^5&]T86P@;&%N9P@8G5I;&1I;F=S+!A;F0@

L

















T0G



M9'5L92!O9B!C97)T86EN($-O;G-O;&ED871E9!86QA;F-E(%-H965T(&%C

]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@
M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(W+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@

C`Q

]










]
M






]
T1N=6UP/C$L








]
T1N=6UP/C0P



2PR
C@N

]

]
M




@;V8@1DE&3R!O=F5R($Q)1D\@8V]S=#PO



T1T;W`^








]




M


#


]


]



]


T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!R96-E:79A



]


]

]
T1R

]
T1N=6UP/C(P+C@\

M



]

]
T1N=6UP/C0S

M;7`^






]
M





]






\

M+C




]
M
T1N=6UP/C4L





]



T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;&EZ

]



]









]


]


RPX-S@N
M

]


]
T1T

]
T1T

]

]
T1N=6UP/C4R

]
T1T97AT

]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C$S



]

]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^17AC:&%N9V5A8FQE(&YO=&4@=VET:!R96QA=&5D

]
T1T97AT


T1T


]


]









]


]



]



]




]
T1N=6UP/C









]

M

M;7`^







]





]



]


]



T1T;W`^36ES8V5L;&%N


]

2PX


]







L


M;G







T1T;W`^5&]T

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M

]
M





]

M


]


M

]
T1T:#Y-87D@
CDL
M(#(P











]



]



M(#DQ


MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T8F$T7SEF-F-?
V(V-3%C-#AD9&(Y
M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V-A83!A8F(W7S@Y8S%?

3`W+FAT


M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


M;&5M96YT86P@26YF;W)M871I;VX@*%-C:&5D=6QE(&]F('1H92!C;VUP;VYE



]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L(#(P
3

C`Q


]

]


]



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M(#
V








]


]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@



M/5].97AT4&%R=%]C86$P86)B-U\X.6
Q7S1B831?.68V8U\S8C8U
6
T.&1D






]



M*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G


]
T1T
M:#Y-87D@

3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
S0T+C

S



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]C86$P86)B-U\X.6,Q7S1B831?.68V8U\S
M8C8U,6,T.&1D8CD-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO8V%A
M
&%B8C=?.#EC
5\T8F$T7SEF-F-?

O
M4VAE970Q

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE





#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


]
T1T97AT

]

]

]


;V-A
M=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]C86$P86)B-U\X.6
Q7S1B831?.68V8U\S8C8U
M
6



M(&-O;G1E;G0]




M1#@^
R!-;VYT:'

SXQ
B!-;VYT:'


M
C0L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V
M+B`R-2P@
C`Q


]
T1T

M1'1H/DYO=BX@

3$\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L
M87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(W+`R,#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C

C`Q

]
T1P















3QS

C`N

C


]
T1N=6UP/B0@







]


2PU


M;7`^
2PT.38N



]


T1T;W`^3F5T($EN8V]M92`H








]





T1T;W`^
M16%R;FEN9W











]






]
T1N=6UP/B0@

M+C


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XR


T1T;W`^36%R:V5T(%!R:6-E($]F($-O;6UO




]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-#$N


Y



]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3`N.3








]








]




SXQ
B!-
M;VYT:'


C`Q



]


]


]


]

]


]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A=!B96=I










]


]



M1&YU;7`^


]






















]

]
T1N=6UP/C`N

]


]













]





]

]
T1N














]
T1N=6UP/C$V.XU/'-P86X^/]S

]
M


C8N

]
M





M86$P86)B-U\X.6
Q7S1B831?.68V8U\S8C8U
6



M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`T+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#`W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P.YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970Q
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3(N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$V
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
M
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C$N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970R
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
C0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(U+FAT;6PB+SX-

T0B4VAE970R.2YH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970S,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S,N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970S-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T
S8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
W+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
SDN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#0P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970T,2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970T-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#4N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T-#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0Y+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#4R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U,RYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M

M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T-C`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8Q
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#8T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V
M-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C8N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]

T0B4VAE970W
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-S(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E



M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970X
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T.#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@R+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970X
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3

M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970X.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.3`N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DQ+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Y,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T.3,N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DT+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Y-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#DW+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Y.YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T,3`Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
M
#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P
RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3`T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#$P-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3`W+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=May 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 29
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 30
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 29
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsAndJointVenturesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvancesToAffiliate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionCostOfAcquiredEntityPurchasePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcquiredIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OriginationOfNotesReceivableFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_FairValueOfExchangeableNoteWithRelatedParty'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentOfNotesReceivableFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionDebtAssumed1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_NetIncomeLossIncludingRedeemableAndNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_OtherComprehensiveIncomeNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_FairValueChangesNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedHoldingGainLossOnSecuritiesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_ReclassificationToEarningsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentOnDerivativesIncludedInNetIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAmortizationPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansNetPriorServiceCostRecognizedInNetPeriodicPensionCostNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingAndRedeemableInterests'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionsAttributableToNoncontrollingAndRedeemableInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxPortionsAttributableToNoncontrollingAndRedeemableInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Feb. 24
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Nov. 25
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Aug. 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Feb. 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Nov. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Aug. 28
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 29
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 29
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 29
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 30
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableforsaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGain'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedLosses1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableforsaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGain'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedLosses1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableforsaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGain'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedLosses1'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 29
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_NetIncomeLossIncludingRedeemableAndNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_NetIncomeLossAttributableToRedeemableAndNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 29
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 29
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsAndJointVenturesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_NetAdvancesToRepaymentsFromJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentDividendsOrDistributions'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 29
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Aug. 28
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Aug. 28
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Aug. 28
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Aug. 28
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Aug. 28
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Aug. 28
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Nov. 25
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Nov. 25
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Nov. 25
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInformationAboutPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_NetAssetsMoneyPurchasePlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeStockOwnershipPlanESOPNumberOfAllocatedShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_CommonStockHeldByEsopAndCompanyStockFund'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanEmployerDiscretionaryContributionAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanHealthCareCostTrendRateAssumedForNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanUltimateHealthCareCostTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInformationAboutPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetAllocationPercentageOfAssetsFixedIncomeFunds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetAllocationPercentageOfAssetsRealAssetInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_ActualReturnAttributableToUnrealizedGainLossOnPlanAssetsStillHeldLevel3Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInformationAboutPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInformationAboutPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInformationAboutPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInformationAboutPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_RetirementPlanProvisionTerminationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInformationAboutPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetAllocationPercentageOfAssetsFixedIncomeFunds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetAllocationPercentageOfAssetsRealAssetInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_ActualReturnAttributableToUnrealizedGainLossOnPlanAssetsStillHeldLevel3Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInformationAboutPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInformationAboutPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInformationAboutPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationCashReceivedFromExerciseOfStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodTotalIntrinsicValue'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=May 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 29
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringReserveByTypeOfCostTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsContingenciesAndGuaranteesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_RedeemableInterestPercentOwnership'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_NumberOfYearsOfRedeemableInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_VariableInterestEntitiesNumberInvestedIn'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_VariableInterestEntitiesNumberInvestedInPrimaryBeneficiary'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DilutiveSecuritiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_AmountOfDilutiveSecuritiesStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_AmountOfDilutiveSecuritiesRestrictedStockUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=May 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 27
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedTradeNames'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetIncludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DebtInstrumentCovenantMinimumFixedChargeCoverageRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_LineOfCreditFacilityUncomitted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAmountOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentFaceAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentInterestRateStatedPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentDescriptionOfVariableRateBasis'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrealizedGainLossOnInterestRateCashFlowHedgesPretaxAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExtinguishmentOfDebtAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestRateCashFlowHedgeGainLossToBeReclassifiedDuringNext12MonthsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRentExpenseTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LeasesOfLesseeDisclosureTextBlock'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Feb. 24
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Nov. 25
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Aug. 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Feb. 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Nov. 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=Aug. 28
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 29
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 29
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=May 27
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_NetCashProceedsFromOptionsExercisedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsAndJointVenturesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_FiveYearScheduleOfMaturitiesOfSwapContractsYearOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_FiveYearScheduleOfMaturitiesOfSwapContractsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_FiveYearScheduleOfMaturitiesOfSwapContractsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_FiveYearScheduleOfMaturitiesOfSwapContractsTotal'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_FiveYearScheduleOfMaturitiesOfSwapContractsYearOne'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_FiveYearScheduleOfMaturitiesOfSwapContractsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_FiveYearScheduleOfMaturitiesOfSwapContractsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_FiveYearScheduleOfMaturitiesOfSwapContractsTotal'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsAndJointVenturesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_EquityMethodInvestmentFinancialStatementReportedAmountsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationIncomeStatementTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationBalanceSheetTableTextBlock'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 29
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 29
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfQuarterlyFinancialInformationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DefinedBenefitPlanFixedIncomeFunds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DefinedBenefitPlanRealAssetInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DefinedBenefitPlanFixedIncomeFunds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DefinedBenefitPlanRealAssetInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_ShareUnitsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_WeightedAverageExercisePriceAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisesInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsForfeituresAndExpirationsInPeriodWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableWeightedAverageExercisePrice'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 29
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTransfersBetweenMeasurementLevels'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPurchasesSalesAndSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssetsStillHeld'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=May 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=May 29
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=May 30
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationGrossProfitLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_EquityMethodInvestmentsSummarizedFinancialInformationIncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationNetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationCurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationNoncurrentAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationNoncurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationRevenue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationRevenue'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=May 27
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedCostLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentsGeographicalAreasAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideDisclosureOnGeographicAreasRevenueFromExternalCustomersAttributedToEntitysCountryOfDomicile'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideDisclosureOnGeographicAreasRevenueFromExternalCustomersAttributedToForeignCountries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_EntityWideDisclosureOnGeographicAreasCashHeldByEntitysCountryOfDomicile'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_EntityWideDisclosureOnGeographicAreasCashHeldByForeignCountries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideDisclosureOnGeographicAreasLongLivedAssetsInEntitysCountryOfDomicile'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EntityWideDisclosureOnGeographicAreasLongLivedAssetsInForeignCountries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaidFromAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAmendments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCurtailments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanGrossPrescriptionDrugSubsidyReceiptsReceived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationProjectedBenefitObligationAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaidFromAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAmendments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCurtailments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanGrossPrescriptionDrugSubsidyReceiptsReceived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationProjectedBenefitObligationAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAmendments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCurtailments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanGrossPrescriptionDrugSubsidyReceiptsReceived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPurchasePriceAllocationProjectedBenefitObligationAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShortTermDebtTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=May 27
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsInterestIncludedInPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsPresentValueOfNetMinimumPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxUncertaintiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 29
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointChangeInAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation1'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 29
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 29
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetActuarialGainLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPriorServiceCostsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetActuarialGainLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPriorServiceCostsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetActuarialGainLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPriorServiceCostsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetActuarialGainLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPriorServiceCostsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDefinedBenefitPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansNetOfTax'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=May 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 27
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 29
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsAllOtherInvestmentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentsDisclosureTextBlock'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_NoncontrollingInterestFairValueAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionPercentageOfVotingInterestsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByNoncontrollingOwners'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestEquityOtherFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_RedeemableInterestPercentOwnership'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DistributionsToNoncontrollingAndRedeemableInterestHolders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_PreferredDistributionsDescriptionOfVariableRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_PreferredDistributionsBasisSpreadOnVariableRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_PreferredReturnRateAdjustmentPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionAmountsOfTransaction'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_NumberOfYearsOfRedeemableInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherMinorityInterests'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_NumberOfOtherMinorityInterests'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'

3
P-3(V+GAM





MGJ
01(Z=`TJ.?9J`%+G\K'

MEL?6OKMS3[-?\*?!%U-7MKE[^/A!]\+=NVBQ\]O#7_G,01ZU/755OR!#[;L
MV4:/NH^,C'T#)?SOO8&4YZB_`
V^
XC5WJ+%@I!LG=P5_]\XYG+E04[)W][


6*\?&OWI4?AJ&4)$


6Q84G7L2P
5Q)CP+;6



*7&X
MY=)*$TE





9&?BK



MKE3/7XDP@B!



M\L8[Q-5S:?7RQMNOQ_.I?V&Y^.8SM&.W#?C&G?Z
O^M!&\%V8D:AS/$\`#CR

\=?

MQP1_1OZ38US9S\CS`1#IOR+2C9'F%&WY\!RY2+=N\$EMY'I_.!CH+Q@S6HZ$

MGY1HUV&T$Y0KYK18I$R7
EU`:^A`VLY;6LXK8XFME74'):R6F%[HG0+/9*


IVE

M0J67'J`GA\0`43&@J8IMB0&B8D!-4H'72?105I])2PB38=M!=D:6T;RTR$
MU30DAHB'(4UU),8TE8,::J'J,20MF*(P%$JB2ZH(OPUDXAM)))$MW35(K)
M(8D!G9$S)755B0'=TT5ENJ7H&%!S]6
575.B@]0EMW*1S_I_'/?^=86\Z\4'


M/XXPV8]%7_[#])]
^]I&_T:Z2V%XE
@).G%5H%/-N@+D]R'U



K^`4E/

!].;6PY\=.6C)?6LA@M=V:NU[WUS\A2$U[:


#8EUO


M2Y[0-9[`S4





BTEIM2PV\@_N.402/XATP@D_Q-?TBREAJYI!`I8;M@


29[0-9[`;YJF
MY`G'&3J2/*%K/(&;[7#M/R%7\H/CLANV7+KD!:WE!=ST`\D+CE`WD+R@39[T

N.DZR.W%
Y]U]SOR]0<+W<'^R)[/GG73@C]=
M.NZ='O]$(GP+W48<;UY2L@!Q($G)XJC@DI*/D)+Y97Y)2A9&964+!XE2P(3

\=D


M^3&24`L
(+
M&2F7AKBH'BT5&/0+T)+B7J0HZECDN!MA*2*!))4I',/&PS'8F3!=DI2I*9
M6\?J'I8:7@LIZNB4O-:0D]3SVD9+1ZCJM8::I+97SW)K.+C&!*W:X]]'-T
M*IWHQ


M/&TM`OK[UR^ZOW810:S[%^=?:]MP
1&;EH7!?6EZ


=IV!\Y340^3&*Z]OEY;XX4J7,Z7&K0E?N;QE8]
MLZ'[$RE\Q1:^$4;T)W5/R_F\<WRU1\!T\AQ?.D1E<Z7`SM?!/7?A;DN*E53
M
#Y)I:6M2LL&CO5)1HM:!
ZV[KWC-



`;?G.+_&L9AWO#`M+P0DKM6
:_COGF.9AM[Z[H.5D2X-



M]_&[R$'RX@BTGDAV)5O;2

_?D

MF
:=^6-WR5UG
S3SG/H@]@T=!5[(OM'(9)^:[!N)1FU!HTW)H]7F-P
V
Z%L

L(1HK


M5-ISX
/8QW7
BRZ&!](3WQ)/O!#8(B-[`D?VQ



?(1;KE?;+F';OCK$-V
MAXZS\_/EY1_P\@7-RR^.
5(



DL%3).:(ACGB
M\9R!KC2#S!GMID.+3%'%


MVJ[Y2





MP5K`P9KJ1R4YF.1@@N3?210\6A04U/M1IX=8XFW7\/9(_
'<M=*NI)T=4ZZFPDC@==:9*NVDU76G?IJLUZH*0K25=2#^1/




MEJ7E?J1]E[M`1`*W@Y:1
RF)VD%$`DJBH_

MAU7*6K$\K#+52T`VT0$/JZQ?V\8Y+LT?R+BRY\X27:YMHSW:Q#$&8K9?ED!L











$X0]B:O+2RW1\1UU]#9)
M5ZF0=Y80I?9]Y-)5\@?)'R1_$#SC0_KX),N0/C[)183E(C('^ZA91MNT#%F=
M<1Q:A@P+



2^YBHR8MI_1

1FHVDK/(#--N
)K6
M.(6E5M
1WA/U^)M1YB

NY%*S)'R%JG$9#*26%\_PD:T68ADW/M^5N`)TF7;


MN8?(W(

:JFOM^(M[UME`]$


^:JDKMJI:RNX)3UUQR*3
M]3I26QZ:I?=5;N'HX1?^HCIK55.CQI#D=/C_7;9I(@NVNN28ILA\8I:;!+

0)3\L!
MZ\BQ-Q5]#!#V7O]Q[B+#]
]UUWU=..Z+[AH4*;U+QT7FH]UN;-MY0&;_;)ZR




BP\EDJYWT&Y?P1X

A^O
(/)W-[=BY)%OFHF_8GQ_.N


3NL^0GIY)2U)+V_+Z:M57EX!Z6UKEKG4_J3V)Z;V
M)UXVO!`4)+W`1^0%[BH-2`NHDQJ:T!905VE)QMW;+&!$BKMWE4*DC^!H)%K
M?`22WF2
OX4TUHH8?U=I2\;X18KQBX=EV;U#L=@SL&2\=N^HEX^@U)VMS[^W
/B)B7G64NR1-*7EM.:_Q







M

O2B11J+4H)'BL*;N20.)=-_!.O'J$[&XS$N^Z@7?B
M]*R)='J):EU!M4TGW*@&_P%7;I7^VO7B`UH@UT7&O?ZCS4
ARN)2`9!(_E6)



N-N83AI\Z[@P

MW@B.-S7I7%6]6A)O!


MD$MVGWB#83YCK$N$1[\LEXB5\=XD$2ZW-N*`WK[BK'7?4VLS3M[!?N`W'R

P\KE%BST:Z)M?
57_SS]^2:Z5?L
-


2X
E?1J5YS7?Z1;R;A&V`-?HH^

;6


;[*Q7_7^.//R']R


JT]*^S?.3VK-Q
E8\.F]

3I(Y2VF\PS=7

T
M?







M_
*2IU
U&;\7Z\RMN`]^_MG3\:2(=#O4?8#_.VM?P;?I0OCO6%?QT`=$_QLZ


MK!&(Q$*TN]X0'BZ7WI]3WJ@I-WK&#HIOE5]FQG20JJ#EN=
9Q\HY;5)^J[OT




@U3-U9-;9YJDZV

M$@

^^JR&ZW$
MQC&&IE3N8AM-(N2V+5;C\3.
=7NHH
KF*O%Z39VF.BSFW5SL*]%N*GI&1N-4





-_/)ZAY

7BFJI8:

MQ*S4AJF*P3:`+5\
E($M[5T9IJK7ZCAT5B9#=O.Q6AATH`:=SE+1U#))&8&5


&T`
M7
XP-^^@RNE`4_M)YTX+X)7=XJPDO/+9)C-UIK818CE3Y(J19GG;!(OD%M)I
M=@^UDE`L9IN
F\C)YPVVG
F#.QKSC=
#2VHJ1
C;5+;8Z?F-(IG
4JHLYUWS


M;S*/


MLHZY@S&[P6G!`0#-P*`FEXR6W76UX-R10:HPKA:?3%Y[7
MNYEILI!_\4]T@



YX7*+C*6=F5JSS/
_\ZBU-


\#O1+SQJ`_VJS&#0AIG:?&D1FZ^VB.M(BK*.

K]S)E4DQ(`G'9;_)+R


V\/
CY:)H:$)-G*XG4J.P89?;HGZH=-/*$'#^@!7)=9%!V#1'+
M'_!-]![9:&%&HB=[VDZAG4Y3LUGV;&)SQQ<_YLCS\)?8I[N#J]<KY.(?,#^<
M^^:SZ9NQ^J#LV3M5TRPJ[3%Q7$)*--)V93\C&G0.XRG7[H8DB,['L<.0.DJF
M`A?;U.:!;D`_(&1#N,^-@[^)<DEC(/!ZQP85OI
_%H-:5JJNVOA?14_%D/K
MZ$#\N@JI`[7
@=B.DK(#?W









M.


/Q<)K2+'@=Y/W:,VVLAR&/9!(`Y27;^PTX
M]N:?SE*&1Y$M\3@,/Z,=L]S4<,FF3\-/;JO:(E`.!YFNQX3$RK\?.O#5)PV
M[VZJGH&??;[%5]?
&;);WQ=#J+U


UN_UVL1A^
M


MWU+UH_SS4_5Z23E+F_R*/RL\],)OA9.)XECYU:
52]7MP].:Y_C]SE!_00
MJ505&DYOJ;A




MQ
]A;

D\#3^/]*FJ#E.E
M??FW5/DHV=U_JBTZ

M&H9MP'\@SOFL6QLA_7R]/_
A6$IA*[`A'D?AZH$^]&'X^:`GJ8S5\F?9_AW:




MK9@F
DZ)NWR;J78`CLECVOXF*?SWS\\Z5YGAQ/T`M+OE&F.@[7\R]0?3VC3_






(1

`[B7PL(]NJ6$





M`XXG?/?`=378-++



M8CL^
%L

M;6#V;6)$7&N2^X[@V+P
B;`UA)10F-(KYRMJNXKG;-^_ZYKO9O!VLZIL]W
MAVD_:B62.^O=\;U@SB8?@R'6O-S_KO&W[UJPX^^FP$AY9IE`Z`Y??R:Y%^6M
MV(#\F3/:@


QL
/--B_

-U\U'





?S3Q30?1_I![KGGYKV



S.





N
MG=KGL`_/COHT?'R2A-=BC:4IM*:GGWC.PG^!]3+7'

8`RQ\Q







M*RQE
5&D//(KPX6QO@JCUS)_.@XQHN)36O`#5)P#(ETF`)-P!W:.&@RJ6@
M\


8GY`O';DMS$30*GQ$IR

4-)A


#6_)



L1P?
M\/-\4QC'G



M^TX2[D9]Y/A[87D'E'F17$)BM[BD*S
*-2JLA6+105E?X*;_#[G!9W:#)!MA

MC?$$A-##C@^VGON$A'7:50OS/2+GP#&OZ(;!`AXOB



M!U-I1U$*QXFZ9GH0-DU2=1IA


2X:QHKYNQ3
M(9VH^%IT



A%B3=!V71O.ANZ)W$-[3!+

MMK/#*\)M43RAT0L7$HR
P-L8NU*

=V%TF[QS#U'6^4$KTH.;;.:^.#?^L
M/&%*YAQ-HW4(D'S%W9@;SD(LWXV,+<3)Y:D&G.6K;!!K(?F
$F?IJYYD)%;
MAK/`


1)]XNN*`1+][UIW\5&M




MM

CB7NK*W5XB_


G9-;3F!YS@3$/&+O&#9TXNLG@`H/$
M,I)=7#-?:J7Z4U;)O&6FPRU-[SZF5JY_Q)+:63.=P)`*FPA#+F008(UW8YW


K;'1C=)3W3@P6BT!?2#9-X2XY%Q

I7

M)D[Z%G%/WI)

M`SK&8`2D^LV+XT)^B$W(D74NH:


&UAO$
#&H5GS?EKR!NYJ)T+R
MD!MXF$
15R6F/(+)R=(1M\DED.8-PEULBP[3).L2RLI0549@401D_Y%.LJ
M2-MZ
?Y
^/T2TR%EU6S.0)R].ZPU4LR;R_@G$^BTZ51(YK2
`K+(\:^OC!60

D0@H&B.&!



%

M!



;J

[`)CX(WYE_9T&-GU@R84_YF!CD0ET



M\UCAS1


\





MG

M-B]NDU$%XQ44




MN-`@5DZCT#?X3F(

20N$*N9T0BH*=\!4=5
MV`4WD:3[PCKE!N_$
M)=T]X3L57)Y!27CE+4J=LRDC%
+?QJDR1@HL-1.CO7




V6W42Y[6SR+FGN'TL[BB94!]Y)
MF@T1`2!('23SBB)`@Y`
RYL229`G
=\IZ;]O/[)A.


M
=

M1%?`WJ:%?WAO:QA
$N5=$L

V-I
M8T'YC&
CQBAC&\(OP/LYH?HQ[
Q[BDV?VFP[%SY%.F40!UC@[X7VDS0J]_;B

M6QZ&JP5=+O?.SXOWM/:I
ZX7MCUB0TLMYX4NR^IT=[?:(*G_1=X8[PP?I!R1

O.OCH:)9E
MJ*Q`;9A!W:T0EK$!5W=6(VLP4+$YMY2
(N3!4\N7


='_R




M7`6UCYIAP-^PR6$IF-%CSLEV).U'X/X6
[2W


7W8[(3&$AM(R[Z#R4F*


M`PQWMGW'?=U)`*
.$D!PZD-WL&ZX

YCP5W0K92U4XNJ'PGU
M$*4]:


M2

M$GYZ=)WUZF?2L9LVOR8H!SGFT'Y9.;/C&P(

2'M)Z4HROQUO=LGY-L4*:

G<*MZR)%2WE.P:5'8E!@
IE;$*\






(\B
M[N9BQP6`:Y]^+

#%=*+S13UD@M3


ML#@4NET'-?\14P+PQ?(]XVDA-



IU






M^9GHI&]^O1G^.SI`GHU4V?JLXM;U'QM;'_0K[?T\7KQZ%YN#=^V2O(^KJ.HL
MWO
99)$?:#9N*!RG:*PMZE:[=:&0,$6DT
M,`+=@&-#T6B&:M`LEQ01!VHT:Y9%Y%T0F_D/N<%G=H,GM+DL9GVN2V\PO:#
M;R/%9-?LYY]/PF:H+HVU0?PH)IXL?V-\:R3,*P

MHC&*;A@LRO6:`)`$)H*RDDV#Q5V8X7FZ2WH4Y+F%D.??PNH\P&&X2[MG5
M7Z8%&'&#PEX'EJ:IV&981X681I\V]![DX2QK$NEV'!&9W0U_W(1/+^6(6_
MPWLD3H(^`2NXOB)8HN0VJ'W/WQ?Z#)\0GE)Y5K%N7MGB8GHGB:V$=A`XZ
M.

O!(B@0PGF0Y






:9Q)7P
MT#5&HD]\73%`HFQB@O4:A`V`.$G*K^H9R`L926!(Q)E_A$




'6
M@J^ZQ3OP_!R@:*CLA

M\B?;NLN?T





(/X1









MK(K

MH4U

=;H3E(V&##4&NI]X+QX[$GH/32-7UH






M4H5@H%0-1!(#4SC=B6J889'ZQG?T[W@;F
_/_#SQM3?0(M
M.2Q/92ZK5VJ+!)VH8\\'=KV7?K^-CQ`84+`%?)@UM#6E#D+6&!H_;SO/.C79
M`[<O:UFSL2+9)I:RKND1*S,H;H7$PF`$MCH$+7%QI_^2*IFP#]`)L+$C6_P
MQUFDJ;I/E1$B^


M+&7@WM5MCVI

2?FXYQBDB7Y'B9

N'4OC@LLJ8GY
M:XAUM+!HR@^XSJ#[







=@LO


'Z!'`U8E6RB621NR`VL3)L0$BZ$9)O

MB7.#BH^AY_^







MTDC+O7@`_3(LC0^=-6PFCPTB$^B?2`6%T?3A3%[-E?@CHH-8PEJCK?*TD2+
M3#)W!H4XE^SS3HU[$E+8H9!$!'XV=:$P!-2]VLY'LE1IA7)@=VZ_8D@/]#0
M8T-0HU8!(3QB33V[:JDR+YA6SF3RP'D#X4=R[3U*0(`$'J
IE=&0$:)'Y8

)M4G


'METU4DD.SXDXPH\_NUQ

LFE

M45=?+HOX-).W



%0Y=I
J*\Z$33&?4W*&+I+H5









M^
^Z^U](F3/D-RQF[,KY0;O=Q!9!6NR%'+4/D\0DWM:6183%*D:6.U-\@I
MTS;E69*58\QYBM*2*G).%1/[0QGNE.8I


E8E6!:-


C@H*#;X043D=\KGG+


M
N%W0S28\/3C+*JI\_1:FE#*G117.#8H&I=NP`G]DMLM0]8WSJCZI8:@62
MA0!-


*8QFK
)]


M]?GF[.KV\\67^Q/E[

M^GQ;U@:D&!N51CK.S&
M'YZ0M8(.$5Q?O$2(5N:2%@F01JX\NLZ+_Z3XT'N(
M%?T'6WIA'75@7*6RQ*)

M@#8?-B881G

MZ!OZCNK6
]!Y&*H*EB;3M

M

FZT+`
(E-LYWQKR3HOZK?T
\V4*WF;L;S9K9'7E/]NY^P4I[Z]&OK*=

&1UK#PV`8P^'
$K6+P



O9*$%/P3@
8_T??/R?0\;<OT-:_9]


X
M0C5BRY
&`C.U2B`UMP0ZDCB


MWR0;)WB&+).D'0.F`4[\(-/GL`(SA:9%0=

XON



QMRQ`*L1RKG$`J

M&L-X

VKR$;R#W
M.9I@0/VOK)Y_[;K@=K1

M-!.A4S!RZU$JQM6UQ%QL;-R0=;]#U;X+O



MZ'.FKXH^D






EHZ&+CIF@/!


M[`GB-.T!+0;/$JW3&NN!5-B+.CZI+.OK!S&7NME:8-QL)6TE(`K5KH3IZ+
&
M\C2;P+R&H':X+@WU8UY3G:NJ^!XDVDF&)W@ZM)2S$NT*R]FCZ1\;S&B'026/
M=N#L\G=WEB5]8^'O^]O

$[_4MUYAQ$DPZ.@M


M\!^_K+W31UU?O;N-O^[
-F[IV*
S.KW.1![
P\`(AU'A'G.V]Y8S__XKQ`G_

M46WZ#;)YOMU?D]_&\-O@S:^[&





6YIYN





M



:I&9T



M(E'K(:?):

[GS=)R][O_9








I;\]O_D@7G5=9^D1Y

F:\]S``073*VH?_!`L-PECTE(.''M8Z-!A_ASW1EY;B@MT#-.=[F3QZ6

M3=S#(




MB6IDA-IXFIL1;N^?V#F7LH)TUX8L2Z(5S:$]T


OZD5


M]#VH?4S41^)/=`SA?E@O_:![IM?Y+(NA5L;Z)$]5RK+0U.)45R[+0COP#.=&
MLBSH-=:?91&[^/KU)IEEH8P$#*V.QLT3E



M[[`O[U`XH5/T#M6]V^+!UP7BU0IIG*5LZ8%4+-K=R;2V9-Q3*!N117-/U$&7

=[VAUPM$@.YV:M)NO^


MDE;G(\DYE17F5+HN])[0/0_)^91\2A?J!$BS=MAL4KR?H)Q/V01O.ZY^J+/!
ML/XF?0)QY2^./:_.F)L
I/HC4DSCGV^N/GP;SF9O%`/-




_QAWC]

6_7ZQ=9X7P*S=?MW&&E6L^PS!X2W]`
M%EO((QU]YVL/
QA$EXQMZ']
^]%PECTE`.WC6G=U#$K\F:ZL')=@B;.`;5*^
I(VGN1EA

L$)AYN=%1EHYC!)*&Z

M12O]E7SATG66O\%HRM^#R93ASF=5T'`PGL0VGO?E%;:K]BOAJ:8UO%TUWW9G
ML%TUN5UU6FFWVY'E


T@E


*E[6B=7DP



MS$X+LA0&*N0E](
LA1WY%OT@/63OZPOO
C
M+=QEG^PKV.7V)!:U/ZQMEYDY


Y#




I&((
^W-)

\75+L0.GGV#QRE+5DD(&+

MD.L7

MVY'M=C22!OWR\FB5L306MWX


M-!QX-AGS:)&SL;7:3EII\/!L
)R*=](OCCW??MA*





;C^%`MN`.18_1&[





_WJ[)5)T



:.HD
M.[[7.;)
`?NV^FDU_]9ALX$<X^'8U[L\QKD2$RW@Z=

M-SWIETG;E_RTK?ST9-(?9@^Z$YNCEJC^J).CDKEE@O'/

LFK
@B;9=SJ






M_V7M%N]F)A%


M+!T4D@A9-T)*/B&DOO.VWQL5;9'1R:L13^%YJ^YIDW$L5R.5'C&O13@9\U;K



MLY/M;4!DDF0]1-6Z[


M.OQD*J%

9@S)C4
;=95)/&YEQF#;U5UUE-+%1=*E)%)@Q)99-)@
M-G\9CTK6+DN


MN#-:.YW)Q%*9.2@S!V7F8)D6IB


L[.



M09DV*#K\9-J@3!OL(O^3:8
R;5#&W65:3QN0I0MI@VHUE[_$%YDS*)%%Y@SN

U'15\Z:_PF9Z$X)
'*M'W\






MDV%R0:A.ALG;`[\NXI\


M



;JP[?1</1&


MJ:



2]JQOHBPX


4S;$BCN0(T$J=
M[FD?G2TBIMQ%A$`

2V4I%F=:!]`4ZP!7
MY6S=?

M'KI0F
T0&?_SWM5MPU/POQ2'B9+`W75J@;\K)EO*^44.A



MW.K@9#R8%)[263?G+H5[QYSE54/Y7#6\TDZF6.?.[%M0H%JN1#5&LM(D50MV



[YFHS5FD*N:5GC<I,1\;!P6GLK@3U&
M6R4LG&D#B84=P
)1[;QPCSU7+5UJ6+Q.6&*A@%C8:LUP?#*::572H/.9=`*9

7WP?5W;9R=WWLL-S





C+#


NZ

8U_OKGZ\&TTUMXH

=X@5OT0)#X_;Z\[?/^JLV_0:EE]_NK\EO8_AM\(V]

545;C0=JKOHOAS
:Q?N



M
[R*R


MW&]YNSIM'4]'N[3I(CO.BNB



3#RZ_6@^
M6.C
\Y#OQ54JV[A9N_
GW4-G\[FSMGT

JG$Z2T

M:M'


97


Y5Z4Y39LZ8JY^RIRU0[XSE@9]
F.I

MX\)C`KMY

U=2_)-M3N`1!)Z^]3_CDF\:_\)N8H^]\UGTW\]45:N





+H^-3=7!4L0(9'2^K6$][FK#1OJ..CJLG_5%?
MIBZ(238R0BYDA%P]4?O3;-NJ8X)/!LD%H3L9)&\/_+J(?S)(+H/D

M=M;R"Y#)*7+]I0WFK]84^520CY_FYSJQ;-CYS4;Q6\U==R;9:+


T.)+C(@GA==2MK^@J*+#(?7'0[O]T9!<.+@5/CKXMQ&S&P*Z`^







ND^]*F]

$%\IO
YQL4R?HEZFCYFW8G6V)UH![X3
MRH:4WX$MR+L1ZVX^NH[G*1]ULW!)C+R:1J[F$_X7RKR;2E%[
412#6[!=HJO





M[4O:%9%VBU^+)%WA


M\D4YT_9ALX;RA&4.S%5:D5EV)Q@-PP.__N1A


M86X=Q968!W8$L[=F9

M@SHG2DS$JWO$?:D\K5+X


MA3M^Q7:'JZC**])=Y2TSH'ZNG8HJT(2`'JCK)@S8ZV86=4OW#7DR^\.*_E




SCV^;Z`
M=V[6W[;Y`RJMR%+2()'!62B?]5=%&Y\H

6XD['D.!OTY.^
M-JD-]S`




MA)

MXADF8V6ENWZ0
XDIPP&Z=%88H0B=@RPA29/HQ\H!NO:=@!FXIO?=4[PU5XR?
M/Q&EY4FW'Q%D]RN0&(UYMP\

=QY@J\
M03%WEDO'P

'8)1;&)(
2\
?!
M;-(UG;47UWZQZFM[6/LEPNPMZCWV3I3%VE^[D+3NK!CRPPF\%WWE_:RLUJZW

.
\O_[\^?K#U?V_E9O;J_
+!1AI

;&N







MGDL;5PB#C#(5FN@,I\H%!8FLX!SKRS=A@(T0#?X$&_
Q\LU!'NO95O_4'9
MU'8N$K\+^'-
_0HU`R;!R14:#J8N'TK4



MRKSE/Q&R?PDO:(DPT1XN29P,)U/3#54Y=5?


%4Q23`+?&JE55-8VYCG.G&`*
M?BO^`$HN


MX96&'[
'R

-!7GE[KQQ3=86RXWU]


M9\QS';=$R;K0PS
WM(H..$H#!;
WJ6+FU(?3U8T=B4*U623WK202*OI89K
MT::Y*VW&`T#[K[!VCL?-SRM@J\;78*MDH@6^W1)DW;L[-:!'/E)VXA9ZC\



MFO.U10O=@A(HFW



`G62O+BL-
#XKOY[2@:V'^0
8I





M8=RFB$\*:O'7

MD_#$@

%
M%@51VDFL.%`)_L;WTD?]7C]$-7PNO@[M#;N++YH#0
SW['!@RF=JJ.$W?(^



O9



0:@]D9[-$,EM&3*I7PVW:'P]\*-WUK^&NGUORHW3

M^SRV6S&0*[KP'06D_&U:UTRD`NA





MN_!I:Q$T+\_

WPC&BJ8V'O1W8]\GH@/B7C=:PR6J.E_-.=I]
7X/MG:P^_PC)UFSUU


M`^[!Y+KHB8+6KG.B_*;C.X0MOR+[1+E[




I_82H[3K1E$(=9Z'\

=[F=?UR&@UO--H_@V

MD52C=7S(@B1-[9=JU-+/$U/&CWLKW?[GF^F;]'NK-\S
5UI#WW3`TII
$L@.
M
Y=)O


1?78
MAA192X)KM:#JTKOIES@&I7:5MV[ZM0=2I2O5U$KJYR[7%$!9?$KK9AUX$3

!'QJSI6(M8XOVY!@FTS)R';(I



M7CP$DD0N_AV-&[JCAA7V?F\H=4])3)*8FB`FV8Y6MJ.579UJ#\&)!31Y_26O
M?R*O7ZB3M$CC$01B'/P)@IRDX8ZTD]ZX@O-!#-U(=J05[B22@XG:)Z=[MN!0

R?1



MML5:R$*]JNTLB];U2@@F2Z.'LCR_R^6B;2C/'_;+%9ET7K.3R-ZYVFBAX2?Q
M[[CQ3Q8FR
($F=M3M_4A%LSD[3=M.8D%-7G_
K.O[MR-!NZ^'1:K4
J1K$P0

M
+6B64EOK
91L6[)MB78UH5W-_I)2:-=P$X=Q



:?Z!T!`UL0
M5.!W(;J^U=



M1&.]1EU8-NX*TP4F$W:-*TN?(Y')8DLAN)!7


*0QZV;B+81^2@E-\DNKJ]@

3^@%V46ETJBV&*O:M)(HC((HC
MGIGB4@46KU$04M3BEC8W.TK(3
(I0@30(0=L;%3;5%B1J*H*.5$&CM24DAC



^.Z_IJK^'FTAV]6
WB)E
-(
0KV%))H
MD;S&2E:(:2D7^95SO-&7PC(/XE4PJ(%!Y#4R12VL



T6A62J=CP73S!N#5Y?V+!23)V)*Q)6
SB[J8


M]'A833AHF8HIX=46ZA+.ULU/7=+6E60LG#URJBJJ5
*2OFJCK];9O%=_+:S@



:4]*!E%

MDU@0DKC.=#UF*CV);(%.(JRA(@A\&+CO@IR$IZNO]7*SM6Q6+QK-2NET+)@^
MMI[6NJD
9;-ZD4XB&5LR=A6

;`L^6;856/A5WW\'/#1W/=JZ/@`3
M:'G@!=H+)+O5RV/)8QTT_:HSYUI?7M02LI#=ZB6VVE?I_1EZ?Z(`/MD(6
X+
M\@
ZTB;L:C21169Y8&D4K&LX6GAI$F#MJ6(4KMK;Z



M.UIX'@;-*O+
)TB^FW+`1`\D]D\+G[4]?U5_%\!E\@+R%]FR45/6_0.1M?4J:@



8G[

B]M;9(JN/UCITG6[B
M4^/$0$_?2%6E^3[F/PPY_N!MP@M3;PR%0

M`*VKZN$B])

LQQSLTDB.(K^
(-IS[Z'SYP[O8
M.MI&]&4WDTD[E

M*^&%_#IU?3O23[46'Y4?V
M$`V#O$










ML%4?^*T;@N7@-5#4$N[4L




R
L+^;:PY+'0F91G

HXAT^8BC=;*UFB^['5^*0CQ)BO^FQ/_TD
B2*B+%8F.ZOA%5153


MWX8#_9MO_8W.5;)Z]$(2M



M
8C(`?'_$1:7`'T;3:'SC/QG,#H\!7!&:(A&:F]3/$1Z9[HN%FIF\DL6NF



U;(QL/K9&6&1`$@B/W-G
'5O!VQH@C
\0
MV:Y-M%317XL-R+`'##M;6%`'G?[Z&N9OT+A3H@JY^'SWV^WC`[B_NKR[_W#U


MO@'-[`MJ^H=;-H&6`R,P0^&GCPL11IXV_:Q$2&$[Q-$

@4YR15B+)\HH2T%U&B!

W@K2&K6P?U#5A
)








MK'L[X


DF
MC

MB8B*2;
UX80!B?3%]E#W)JUD72X









M`
!N(Y8


JLC/\I)HF2



=FWP

;@
:BOZS`B
J64F*E'$=U3[@Y*QE\D]`]5<Q1X<;HHHFIM





M/**X.S&K=60GB:Q*B:Q+@2P.HJ5`;IA`+A4-%@1B4AP+)(ZS!K-_ID
_5K]%


6+_9OE?



\CW5T
1JTU$:#`]'F5<UI(H9JH0O1@#CDP:@W

MG7S__7?43.)7;K4A-;E



BB8IW3(


D&6CY?*`


ML9V
34XL#[VYZ^&?;@(TVYNJ.6Q4JJ9NF@4N=
*GLN=/]G?S)X=F5?F30S/5



MU8((;UI.^XJ9-Z
\M\60DX
J4O^M:FI8.UV6HT)5TQ0C=V6#1'ES48ZYND0R


M&AJ9.Y=DJ]FI)CUQ



/

MJ;OTG

PI!5-V^81/IJ&




M]ZS^2N7A(\G*6'AO@-P%




MRG4:[28%17-(6RX)B.7%;


M#@:]6P8
^%@$#M@#4(
F:B\
\V*G*



Y42B)CL-\Y\$?@?+']DN^2SW3PM76U4


5G[`64;
:!5-







M&=XC:7@S:.510\_2EH%05XI-`I

1$DS4




3E8DBLA/U[][^/9



MB8-9=**AI#TI\J3(:QS929%W4.3%XL0_T]J6U6]CZV7Y\SS:XX\SZ#WCHV@
MG0.R*(@^
$2?O;CZ@WSM.=5;?=Y_/B/2:`A/Y]-X
RRW\ZWX4#_YEM_HW
*


+4).E&A)0HCP



L-ZI$+I*=9?$94QB$

-M0ZXT#/ENV32Q6P4+]K4W'SR@X:A:9G]`+LH$L
M+Y5$L4
37'-Y%TW*01B.6Z&:D#92#UL2P^@A,CM648S4%S?ML
MJ*P1SX2TYD
RKXBT[E%.HED:S&RW2K`-$\_


M%MM)


0DM2P1H6?GYH66M'(E$8MG


MJ-2L;(D3R25Y6@TTM(-=?BXI3X;5]#
0CUPD`XN&$;

5'H2V0*=1%A#11#X
'#?!3D)3U=?
MZ^5F:]FL7C2:E=+I6#!];#VM=5
9RF;U(IU$

MM:_2^S/T_D0!?+(1L)P7Y`=TI$W8U6@BB\SRP-(H6-=PM/#2)
#:4\4H7+6W

='WAH1/:\E1$E&/]IY?B/(:@?

0;H


29PQ+AJYF^N`
V=Q^+E[.%N.LQ?A_=

MD+_

@&-&.CW%-KS7=?#G;A`A;/06<A%%

BQMGO@C\#Y8_

M&?IZZZ-GV7^9$^LL3WR+:61UZ#TG[)NE3T@_\E??7M/`^EB]/
?:WJ
Z[*E;

/*=E`JA\QG=50G%'PNF[QF'EH,IGM5?%HG<5@9$!ZW]7BYKOS86
M4\U^



$F@7&REW6
MGF#.P+9?)=&6B#9#
']C.VC3#+15B*]\+DUI
&*;$6%H7$6W0OP9P-@VU'@#
M5##7AYG6KAIS%:)




MZ@:ZN+S`]'^G8V`&\4

M768JNQWHZ;?U;EM`:5



X!8L/B)$[U0C4#02+

MUN8#R]MQ%FLV60=XHA+

53(%O&B61SVL)9CS*X8!+B1K


M:-!MZZ4Q'P3IW9PEELSP))BCWIHR)&8(JO@&N&WT7?5D&;U7S_W-HO8M6L=
M[?*9P5*PU9VDS'J(T_!W%1V(W%*PY**W-C15L_N5EP
NH(YDDVH:XHA*`.H
M2^!&





WV]/JYK2F&FK3]]\S%3L

O9$
`5S0IK0!4@`P6X*YJ(TH;%6_8:+*=AM
M8


5V@)K-^7S?BF/SA[KT2%\P/TV$
M!@;,8N8
]7D7N3]MKHX@I8]
(CP)YA`+()[$Q)-@7O41U-8S0YW@3KM$


T-0

?'%3M5?3`I`)YL4T



M6'AH=2_8+.8Y%O0\N@&TTQ#R
(RH^`
MSY9M6ZY3R%\H!0QVW+*]MUZO4A;)=!ZIVHY)-P779.$54L@6!`8'@LQL$:]

M*W?

3.(4_`5!M
M@E(-@9



.M?5@J9=@-#&68:MFQN
T6


G`Q

C@R`)8U_`

.S)0L3;8J@_\U@W!

M26H36%=*[TEZ3XUERV.A




J/Q;VZ



MWDH0+X=#U91NFW!D5(0C?JDBF&VZ;6(;0209X\YG_8+C8R22^/&-5K1]L$1*
MA0K';)7$01')1GG4!_D6'CEYP`^V6CUV]AZ6?X\CW;TXPQZSWCC@3L_!UV\
M*H@^($0?O;CZ@WSM.=5;?=Y_/B/28`@/Y]-X
RRW\ZWX4#_YEM_HW.5K!Z]




MZP93
L`5;8MOPHCD3]

$;)])VO+:*^<S6P+
ML3T?'_'882T;(YN/K1$6&9`$PB-W-G/'5OV!@CC
T2V:Q
M5?378@
R[`&3
MWQ;^Y\\+_^P9POGYPPCKB86-[B;K7
]8




M/\


M:!KR01






MRN3D++*C9
9RX9


MH
9&07)-C_T*Z3&CX3?


^+$Z-^.U4




M)W3UJSH`

M$(;8^!8%6Q!\]*#CPQ'Q3


6.$R]7=\64_GO
QM28<EM$FV2X$80@HZ?&$:7#F($[
MS!)GK9C+5L#H#OK&/B9+.UU)MLN034`TL!&Z`*6OY=AQ7/5A^N$@XQVF2
!:
M7PP--%;
EJ2_4N.:13GKVEUXV



MUS].+6_\!7K!VP/R7JP1BAVG5



.B




#5N1U`\P


M=;05M.GCWO+9:4A50.W/OZW_/`9@^857:QQ


KA6].P1*1.U4.;S;_$NT%'XDMCN/
'F_Z[P]@FA7=Y]NKL_!\LE'Z_^]_'LXM/-
MQ]MS$&V-KHIE/]#,#B#2?Y?&4]&I=ZM!I]XM1&S#(H0];#E=#RNCZV$J7?.@
MXCZE8BTG%6MF12AZ5C[^?`VR_*#363*]UDKSGZO(HDO<.`*^_LY$;O!


M`DH7


M:F*9:H]N`&W!

_BL./(Y'I]L1(7KFD'D+19!?K0V;/XC#

+X0T%+ABY+\@#[H+\/_`#
XK7L%7P.56<@FP?`!IL:/E+.@F\*Y&



MH;^UG$!I.WG_`UI[X8L?H$*7Y_('=LJ_V^0A^
/?CJ+%\1WSU]2`&TCCA\

*G
(F6UTFH0ZX%O

MB1JSE
-)WXP\T`H2LB;*$%'^A313@(_:!LO[BJ#OD%:Y#:SJAOP7B!EOM:

M^&AFG4$';\BVWPBS0L]#T(N.N7WX`]N?83Y[PN(/C1$6EL2^`:]3UT8=X'KD

MR0)_$0O^B\7SP@]V5M`.;SRT2I8OQ.\G#Y!V@:%)3UMR))X)_2(_O)DT
H


M

M\-RS

^/_Z:%@-Z3Z04_##H*RK;(-A2ILP]=!;`;QBI/N
[
M&@^-R`TM=;`O[BYO`/1]%]M.1&I1_!):PLN_$

?.LY%&H;#1J!3V8P


K@C+RP8-M'BP_SN;


MC(J\.JI1H
Y+XPV%FCD+VQRU^V4:291HZS-C'(60E5L0=E/DY-Y*Y).5FI
MP2:Z5.EVBTJ5*HTFL=CR(




MU2;5=H::F6Y\



MB]R7D2YRI&M?.+@E;)Y
V_[/%T'(!+13XCJ=TFS-J=8'$O[&3\0V38
3UR


%BZ?[N\]?/\$T;
BYY'RM
A
M6[Z


O\$J/

M!


MTK:U;@W;5G.A
7';O1JVK;&D/IHD&:5(/KKOH?.G'U)@PG'5;AU8TED*GUS'

^J7JK\]?#CYU5`-@ZJMA



Z
I4
/N
M6'FS`B1/;@^AD)


MY_G



@/5S?H!+$/#WA*BW^


M6?
'`@






7F8+$
B:_F
MGAFFL09(]M
P@$*?-13RAE'7






MC2N_AB/+MH*WWYR1.[


M'-


MEO#VG&=RY8_9AE[WWZ(X)











M
_3^6N!O1SLFU


E]'4W#H!CK
:QZ=`!KPA

M@BD



3[8

N\
I*48`(M#[Q`


D
*N/N96:N&SA2-U%U;K8H@2
M^_;2=6C31+JI]]&S@B!7:^QS,)3A`+6Y,V';V'(M?)QD[(1*SY(L#(L*V9




[J=$?(+,[!!/.P,[(P0&8H\*R1
MCTWS@!CFP92PL\7:IO6GT$-$J2/L82SQZ&)Q90KCPM\V]#@4Y\[A%BFV
MY]C@E!U9F\0Z3-=_Q8+CAZ'93QB'+9R3L&O$E]IBZUV[(:49NK*`#377#&Z


MW_R)GY_/


9@B_#G_I#6M*



(.&$9C1&W%EH3M.@5'B6T_4^
M?]`
=6TE_Q3C*@+_Q&


M:^Y

CA0KB.%VNJ9&0PE6$EMRF0O
D&O-\
M\FJ2*

7.'
MK3[/GUKS=3^2]V^;:`^_$CNY=K#/2G%.7)[62

ROJW2H=5[NY
M9BZ4P6Y4**[&^TYEVFSL;`ORSKO)`9FO=GO%F^W%=OP0LX)/?NU'6T[=0P*[
MW5/GF=#G!?6;B7V%T6FYX]B&\Y0GYT?KU_T/[8X:O^N#DF


O

&]/T%.H*TN3L'D)DQ0!O0(%:W0P/J

M3!.$JR3]]C-$E':SD6'S&J?W

M\-)Y?:]/Y+@5A



KLB)V;\K\NY






MCO#!GLS6I


741N:(*5`)J2&1A$8









M2Z`:\V_K/X\!6'[AU1H'4_+W/GX!(FC9]VGIUS`KEWZZ5=[_R_PC36=YBS





#XQ:$;U95+1NO=
6G/=5`7%.-U4?SM=U8RM\%Q;K&;5S*:#F




M[AZYT!`\U55%SZT(RBKQW$ZZT
JT9Q0


-1T1157#4@EVG(EJJ;+P-:IT?ME

GAW[
&['0\$G

(-KVR/W


)_YIY%QA
A[X4
/!VY?H!5]%
Q%5U!@6SYDCR.NZO8#!@FS/+FWKRH



M::\=
C[4%




M0H(E4UYT2#,H/O^@6:62@7WY2#[@L


M5\:AHH+U$'O#[`N7X=
V
FM@Z09;

)=F!QF#ENN+D





MG)H

)R\VB










MA
=L%YX:!88U';-AJ.6?U73





MW4RDG/94Q2@U

(9M=5I?!;Z_-JF
PA:D

PSR8ZF%#S$=J]O%DS_%$S]E;9R
M!
%ULRL/^
&RR




7[$*8N2YYZ%*0Q_G73G/1M!?PJL`,V8
MRIU-#T\4\74Q&BUFQL2$9*$1J9P)K3`%G%/T(;./FAA8`5=@_`329(*PT

4LY`1TWZNKUVSJ^F%SNT1)TOI
M4;:!DA0B-0D14H#7+]W%0


A[NJ#^
?D8
\

MK$)'Z7/P2W+@_!Z-$9I1/;W$=_$82S;MS#^=Z#%RN8EJR^4[5*R3&;BZ05





28<5D


DAT6J)
RN&N48Y!`W7.DEXKRUP#!$N06-0+%F.]_1)
M06




M


EGX?=7#X

MH&]S[

MQ770??]`


Z




MZ:82



1WJ4H7HO_9)
DI3P;58Y#.LN



BG*1C?3+`5&&)P_%NZ:B


MI#?

3R%FGK*X
MYA!'F@.V
SR'6Z?+*YZKBL*T:7BD;A0PA[?)
*]:$
Y@%0XMN9M!M&[
JG!]


MN**F=Z\1;%R1H0PS6DMRKDSFN3)R%
QQCH*)_[/+5:*
*-FWP3)G;^DDEP8.

;P\?3GX=A+IJ?:;<

?\-`.-X]*[S/V(#YJVW

#=:KG/A
MC!_7+7PNQO]9^
$



M3F-;+7



MO=;U[=\!#NH+Z

S
3ME0-^U1#C[O#RI`A1%8+



MO!SN+NTF2&MUJ/*KK]Q'S4ZDFWI-=53[?;SQ-!WCEFB=,K(Y#H77)4=7GP
M/@7#]BG


M(

Y)$N0M1%;@(OD\'/#WB9



KJ\;VW




M9L[9%[IQ(XM^III6JZ=VIF=FD4KZF;*

M-%[8Z&YR




MSH':G0?O+N\^W=V?@^62=(D;!WRV



MMQ&*(@#6-_J2%1
(240S1C$+&3'MY_K:-;NJ#(Y(K^
M_@N-GQ$8KV.^4H@T

MY#/P%%XS^]*#D!Z$P!!L&9_B+=ZB`

MP)%:?'L8'


MUCR(G2N7/;BJ/$U9]0/^D-:?7KL++YC^?Y@$`^21IU



+_POR!MAJ




_=X!=3=PC!6B])%%+ZO!P^/=Y?_#WSY=''[L!O`FB]_
MR@OZS0!KX=<4/VTBPGY'8.$C\.2Y<'SV1`@4L((N?;]/N!',2=L;$+A@BNPY
MP`RF04$4QC@4SJ8+PE'_.@#:]6W&7
+H
%
O)]7*YCB+[MXF^X$8(D!Z$NG



Y]ZG)%8B)03E1:

&'#H'[.K5&4XP-
&.OX@
MPL\
6QM/*TR$G!=?)2)N2MML;9&U=\(61B]811)*8ZU\(X`MYH2K8F4HV-*;
M60[EM@[`4!HCB
T\O#K9I]%K)\E!88X&Z_%7)N,\AT7)/P[O?WL-%IC9+M
M]E#[WH468$Z`@(2CT
]^S/:\JE7GGQ#&0I&#/@83:'G@A?CY_HX9O!*+2PZ'
M6)_
HK\MB&Q=*IKW-L3R]F&$/0CR'OJ5LSFV#PG]S]PQLB-#G.@FVW9?DPJC

MML8Y];E()KE140?-/=E[B?T.*]U%(H

\84
M(I*@%EKL_@`


M
*2!FM!WM9I=K!OV_J
D2GF;24*;/BI[3J/-26^6HFOMFF-JV]S1/,+25Z#
MU!7%`3E4TC/R.*SYAJ7MR%.LW'&6+8
E`Q!


U
M]FY2.//,M0+G+W]7Q+$16MU:3,_4(JL0I0TVZ84XE&4P=21-'1A
90B6U

6$.7)]7ZMO4GLM]HC3]\
M01@*Y*ATK(DUF\-1``BX%AZ86`YT1N1S/\#?H&]5P(7C+*!MOW7`*\)/_HG`

+UHYV9U4]!M`WY(TLTN
`X9U9


MVNNC
Y*#3RW\%?QGS.6QO[LO4;DRBE^6$-B1#T-8X#U^(Z7.]$T81Z3ZVG+'
M-'



4$:QZ+M'



M+1N4YR'

MQ#@I%!)+'@R5ZHHU8X71/L5\U/ME;750
:&`!X2)G;SOV7

MA8$%O?AF=AA_62[K(:P64%3X^OQ
1`HYHN7@G1.3QGG&Q#-W79N6T:XW
U]X


M(H2V-`68





M'S52L#P?16-^8/P@

MCJ%&YYBH$;7;)=J+U
X3.3ES0]MLY5^$QNW2S0AYBGH42[43DN
SAJ1'Z8M(


5\^];R1/GV-=EXPF@#3Y1*.-E4

H5BYE`$?4*F
+V)[_4Y?
Q
RV5C/
M4:Q!27+9UP'UR+KT15


$J+!VU,MI]9-&M
A`YYY`9Y\&.E
UWG$$.@VSE]`RNZ%1I+8%.@U%

F



M1M

M:6\/G:$MD7W2N(P
B\#

7
\WS4]=SG@2Y)L!/^W/H_'+2/]DY8[=\


M.A:1CE

ES)W
#O^$??(8LOCA/F9353C9AGCZR;$(E@K@;SW
ME!5)=



PH'%=#C\]B?@-X?.IB6WNV2*




?]`KW`&EESZ$2SK\D$9TJ6Y*C6BS5&#@8&
MF02[&$W99C)10*\!M^*




]19F*(:#E6N5BICED@J2E\*K]-7JA&6%6S
MK+5*:M)WDII4HWRU7;:DIGE&I.:KKVQ2QP:4/?MR96[FA4D0RW3/EM*3EG
M.H


4BC
1+A3M(/UNK82R


MTB/8922-@-79Q:Q8*6DX29J2[5%R
W


40NF1F4
M]65%EA

MEVM7CE-

M/8V/NQ`7LGI*?*FC#P;Y6\-Q+HDZ@CZ#OLDBHPJ@J)=1)C&8=
#*DC9%%5
M(:E3I0D
M(XVZ.=O@BVVM2OE3B/DSD#I975O^?7UDP/%&






BOI@

M)0.U8H=RL8F+C7K&J^
1E,T7MCX53N/7!!2H71Y%THBTI7KG3A^XM9^-DC4:BK
M=P-K_


W?%+#*H)
XY?JF/@0=84D&IW`WYF'A\S

MR%3$A0VS''X`NF+N-J2KG\\84XA(@EIHL?L#

M=T[X!T8JTY8V&VW3GJ@K1F-(I43QE[ZEHXIE?D$A?-!YP$4_5@8F'CR1]
MP+WE_WDV\1`%@EG(C\`'K;C&R.)FF!(@Z1DRFIV01%!-_&/DBCE;28);?H`





MG6=$5GC_EKSH-;0\LAB*+40N@ZX]A&ZBJZ![4E^XKO;03L`8C:P9M/U?3O0\
_=I6N:L8`Q/L0]<%,SP`SO4N@IYAUJ<03(*9-CP*F/6R

[H

5K?.F-#%@EL7SR.RMZ;RU


MXW^GG9;(GU$\P8[`CGP8P@+O\=O(7M##X(5ISU'LF=!JR]BK7LG.;0L10)#V




ND=)Y1P,74HG&RMM8!G&_NY6]/M5GSD*B*2+U2K+7*

MJMKMF5T6#N*^W;(%1@1GPJW9R



MOC)D*+8;K1.'K#
R
'!9IF0(I!/WJ8%^-Y
:.`#$E5W;-8?=IJB!%#.AG\W`
MWP\(LSOL:4R%F6A^8C^;@7^`WPQ%8QAN$$TG]O629*0/#;

MY*2NHDD_
81GEBS%?)E?/:5[='YBW\S&N3N@6T=XS+ZF-D@![#404NWZK!2U
M$FB];I^I6A3*3^QG

M!083%@'@('TP854\$;.*VLL3Y8?#9.
I1,5=XM\<RA6+DVV#ZA4QF7.O7ZGKYGIT]</B04N8&@)+GL
MZX!Z9-U8DJ2+E-%S7&!P0

M20I-:/&1Y1642Y6&H'-+




MR0
]F=$I`YTB!ZADH+
&^=K3E;X



MW;4O9TM$O\S


M
'7$3-Z^^JIIZ%MS21M$$QI34/1TIA
&
M+$L^6?WZ+@$OK3+YX[0FCL7WON
M;!O(^QK##W6A&L
?NFS0U%Z!1)3P*:&R-_#3_APZOYQ@M;U]QF[Y6Z@1&9KM
M'81+MX;`2[0UNNJUY9/QXW\@Z'&[GXI(AON=4YS(*@
FW1A=\\8!GRW;)DS?

M_$H@;_I811*=



`.GT

8TY0X^KX=$K@/O,&
M??

M`R_F8EJ`


J8E:LE#2<)$W)=IYF;F$2\8\7]UUSD@$$3-:Z=$W^3E-5.^/
ML6E6*A5AT#$

W9SNE7@9*/F].
8^6;D*`5WIYVVYR+MDIB(G2B2^






HP'W

`NZ

.BM5.IT@D%89]=P
P-=[3NG_,9D743IHT.#$,=5(.(+2#4#WN##^Q7_8O6X*=;CZJP
M]Z)'_;5(\6$61DF2#W\840

X
+$U4Y[63Y`:[R3YO]%P5ZL)1UA_8$%.

7!HR8<'DF7!5XS`
PD=6AJF=2AYRQ1FXDCU


S
],'@2+DC-8^D'K6^1,I1,D;&;)**4*!I@_Z19%CE,84KBSYDMWY)
MKNUQ!A\VO:P8E@9V;Z]H5%+TFC%7F4B)H8B84+O586('9#4S1)Z5V1;6&\U


]<$EJ
M[1F`@I:K%4=%6C9GCM:0,500'2E1L2M<,F5D'@+U2KCT!T9?I<DBLY2@*FK
M!+#=)9B'%.@IS5U44U+T#D7W

,6(W^B^3,6LYSN$X<
M'ODR[[[T_F#`1`D[8I&22(;4TB]CN8_?'#MDKC;I&.G=/]3/93V\K=UL(O/



(+V
M:&$3Z086/C%ZL?

)`210`OWLQ]WGZZS`T76C0`5.^%3V
MJIC!;E5
K_RDZXQ5


#5MQ&:

SO.JBYS$


TL#$(SDI[!8$Y^:Q#!GV[?U[
?9[I3P
S9V:,*N2PI#I50N!7%#F4Q6;^7NXFA1$PEB#$40Y0+I\:G


Q1

W69P



I5\H_E21T@]C


M.1J@*@]+C@;8X&*1#XY&D!@U,C1`'(TP+&RGQP-(`3\6B9CY&@`.1K@$P'
M.1I`6


%WRM$`28WTUUW
17LS<PJ=A8'R[7OC(=*0+&SAMBAS*8'LHT


M2PZB+H_5IX=


O7X=:-!94I*J
M92.EO&C8L_=
!D!6OE9-LPX2RJ3OLY[!

M3VO:-?[I6.GS*3^,ULU6^*7R6;YGI^II6!LZY\&`(I7;&C@#D`8.W9E'QY




LZ*-G.=@


RQ



A/4N%;&AJ[S))<5=_
Y3:WD`

&'6&A)6Q3_GJGW
$:YT%$7JAL5-ZMKE3






MK4/PJ]ZL+M)-F,W$K\C#)[3#3*7B3U@UP%X@]6/+=FSU**E6=_R?H-]KS-



MCO4WW8T?@L9RK
]DY4=-O@HE?UBR?2B21D
N%K#Y%5W^[^:K6GX$]L[R


7W?/%E-!E-S^[$$B?\;NJ[

M


M'NQOB/.(8#H;@KU#
R#G6





ZK&:
*0;&BI-4?\?J(W8*<'/S$`YPQ1F(=`\X]+=W$R7&?%FR


M-$'[
WP#FME)#M*PMT6*-&JS!0IU%2)(UL,]?P-M1..(NJ@:8
L\JJ]EY&

M%Z-0





R;4^@L&4UL+A

.


4M4*S<O5`^I:ND3RKG70VYU

-29I)K.V



+ZUWF1J$LD



MZ60Z6)FB]
K`UM(25LZMK(O
_JW6_3$Z7=







M*:H^K;AE1J:4P8*:F%I?4:6)*4W


S9Z
I@EJ;?:4OL2






4CJEZE'AO4*R/BN2A8]0QU8*L]N`.Y@]M6*P%E.0/

MY?LH\(&-?!\$4_S!


MY2O.\M95HV`&I%BL+:*2Y
%#=7

HKPC%5UZ.36)_D
MH<;P4-T<PSG85XACN+8$Z!VRP6+AOI\#^&2CU6]CZV7Y\SS:TH\SZ#WCG6,8
MG0.R*H@^*$0?O;CZ@WSM.=5;?=Y_/B/29`@/Y]-X
RRW\ZW`4'_YEM_HW
*




M(QL



M?PF3#5RWK78=)F#^D;_.FJ/P6Z'1V$6C6FW56-9[GIJM)'9HS
+XI9'8-41$

MZ3:!E*8MI

N-2=ZRM?PQ:Z$CT.!4[9B:47`\(D=ZK4C7L*;7

*VD9(R2ED.;I`
M461PJJF&TI5RLYUR
W\L6NC(
CB54K




+P#V!O(177SS/%%RX:&?L`,.XKQN%_
MH:]6

E0#HL%T/=1X(,CF1#7[\T+3BA3^6685J!
MI4H(R[R\67Y`2;=\JD)6P:O5:[\P'1W31?98%

K:GY&2CC$S7Q*FC:]2J



B]*;Y:41D*([K



[L4KA-[+JW`2U
M




(G:O\X7#2Q
MWSD)4!;[FMIX[$'G-''F%$`F!.S&#5$2W_W&][1O^)8RGZW


M``C1W;1E6J*[Q^BN4/`=U_'2ONXUJFP#2=H^IL6SR$KL$)F3UM&!'B&MD7B
M-02QILWAYPZQR?E!C#*?FMJX70:[QR`D`YC9,LAQK@S)N='8;3GAK2
M?88

JH!%?003-?FGU$U8&Z%;+4I!S93D5FJ]G
M%Q8CRT6VK3CL

MA]((+




-T?WR!&G2US2;KE7T

VQ8SB-P_
MAB1!;BMWAR6)$[)






XW4


M@

M9DH0A0\7:/@%+B!`;L_+%TH

W1!






?NA%$!;H8^M!MHCN$)RX;-^^%D2@S+KU'\E_+53Q\Q?4:K

M\3+DNL^@NAY]D$`88PQ^`2:*FXB^NO$

MN[G
15].']T4_FD&OBGW+AK0'(685KP8OA4^P$_^&BMWCWY2]G`%_ME=+@
_

.@0N
M5`00DU!T(
G@0ZD1(

^0$-5LT8*

MX

%



AJJ5B\#A.=3O_6]@
MMNZD?7U/ZE8SSAOUS;4UIA:QH*YU48+8?]_L5WNB$ENO$J:[


M2F*D2XR.

MFB2T)H1F3BJ:CB2A24*C8(WJ5KMJ.TEFDLP:%'&
=%-G7\=1%\2$45Y61B8A
MY3.;(4M(7_T'5S/GD=`5E.2X.H]N`1QV[F=:H@54)+0DMJQ6T:!0Y%2&




MT5Q)H]0-E!BDJSC$UTHC2$U^F
+_4T!V&O`-?GP5`PB#
/&3%`7KO_KIH[*$

H$`\!'



O2]F\#/0K&&/CO?).KHW@Y)&?AXB!\0
M!\^(Z`J==&.ZXNU?4'A'JT19@/0QFB7XDBMT1RC69@`R-B27XDTSEE^XSVOQ

_X8

MN3?3DCSTT^F[KC55M6*B++E.^+[XC$R%S\9=W8DOG*069F[@%N)#$V2O9\
7





M4[=/SK)KX9$(G$TQSQ28^!77H?(!I5:B4+#F-EZC:.PIUWO4J[SN@)T*Y46_
M9IX;5




MU7HP:+-B.-WPU.O!IG2I6=O33\M1[U*O2KTZ?`#V0:D*#+Y^:M0*B4BVEZEY

&A=QB$5GO$M$5&T\E93&I0!%+$+CZVE8YAFH34&+
M9\2BNZY=-






MRK9'V9Q!1$`V]Y%*4J5*E;K37C:VQ05A'Y2J*G)_53_5JFJ4AQO*.S3HCP@F



M


+0!H?RL-2226HI


`#05H*J%

*_??23-(I]M!XXB













C&@CIM/`20;\90.'Y7S0Y4MA@YUCX2N*8VGEUQ


E
%4@R($[\N0^?






#?&$_!Y#,J3][(7[%U+M120@
MA7YH<XP.!2;5@T`<9[('O0`LED'T7)3(=,5;A;19=SU2$QMHAYF

M
A%

ZQW!CP?





YGQ




M*!Y#93
I+IN+F:+Y^4H

AUQS^A-IU[5Z9;=HTD4504I#6JH%ZXJ?<(


/8R53[&/

;@V0M
;UH`;53_JU\Q&8&

MA;(BBM%8/L]-'I5[:#Z''F@\T+1_@AT!ZH0IMZ'D1Q!0EM3?68YZ9
^E./2S
IH
M__AQE5P\N.[R




3WP\N4




M2'%66



9.=F=R@Y#Y9NH\ICU_-6BU6PLUPX

MHCG]NK5?


@H:NM!CI:I7JSU49;6-&K)W4@X&E04_UKT*K
M^F\K4EBMFM1Z%&9K#A42:W1#&X/?E(0B9G@2Z[#]ZX?_\L-5O!WZ-57N+T$



MQB3-U-96PM!


\FR?


B
MTX9IHQ2=--NW*;7<SKIFBI:C6)CN1(9:8P!TT!CCX&?%S`\`%IM`'B.%OB5

`RM


67XDV%J<

MHX[-X;KE(@9^A.MA

MDG)WC@;6_JQJQI!-TUXW/ZNJ

M-$U3.@&]L31EY$-42]


N_/
HIL?P
SWW!@HGZ#A
MJ;Q58N`O[E=Q`N2.1
GD@[4X)5[Z8FX:

]+8[!.FI+'9K;%Y






MU-+:-V)/+3WPIB3]M/;8.-!/GVNH\[M5[@]'@.FU+_@ICOX#O!3




MLV4%I%BL+:*29
%#77

XU!?*XYA66EOZ=.6C4Z2/Z2.X1#J:\4Q?/L?IJHJ

M






M/_&*%G%(#GRUZMO?O+E$P@3^/;LXSN?^0`6]R`^@(QAVD8E9*B8]J$'GF#

M48FF3YU*J!0OV0X@SJ0.0#0[`T$.D$[H!`)$IPH0+(X7()QE$Q.W(%%[`Y)*

F\V%\B:?



P
!+4W
M)CJ4X]T;&JM6+H0X)I44Q5#`T&M9:+`CD,^O&`AJ+8-=+B9U9$&F@9
%<UIUHQ-HXFE$&H9BD('4J
MP`%8\NX#YP0X(-7SA0;7ZI*FT-!Y0Z.F:4T%&C2X9V*9M7-8=#$M=ZD

M7(N1#+74LJ8



[1*]LQ`]%;O$%
8NT3L+X??)+CG:AF+H?78LS!J)-N).'4.O










?L+U=+


P


1:
MOGA60+J3@\T5/GNVJ[KTOH@1,NWW78,0=/I`0G6='4ZJ@2T[![0(-=ZI*;M
M-BV8N((&U]YZS:?MW22SDZ_V1$IC^]Q!
`U7:&


%#$BMTNH!].Q!HD$LWR[


'/[Q(H^6E-EE^


=QB=&XL04$8F3CM5)SYHXE$O1](I&$9$(&SJ2W!%)CX

;<HI:BZE
MZ6H6'KZC*+(M8!).7Y
(?2.CX'?\!&DBKMN7%.*&)(K.`!GG\N.FI&G-B
M)QF3[YK:R0@$2\K;Q61Y9FCM4?6&LG
74-;7KMF#J)A&K7^@;1XE0UFM-B


M1]TQS+%32HN#*#*F&B3&L[F4)!O.I;SVT'BN'Q0O!C
_E57'G50=#Z62&+*D
M3:8;1$X;BD=$%





K/CL/
MIK]6'8M#W:_4
8/5
:SG7+3B&+[9A#8M1U+%G*V*$=`H8YHZT52I87K$'L)I
M&-:S/UIY
?Q+MYVQ+I5

M1&UW2][AGKGB!L8__?2Q\)+\4S?W$
YNBJ9+7X?OOGD@26[FZ/-720+2Y.KA


Z*B#
[7F%G(J&HS
M^NLS0E\]4:G6W%\N@)55==X6O]BB

A]#Q`

M2&







K\\F'I)1H:'I8V
0
M5


M.C:%10W#&M3C_IS8/IHZ4G6M751K:)R4N3HBN2\0.5KS7=V#1$X?=))JF.TB



MY=8*K@+'T

#L;((4G@2/+I'_EP






M&E3W%S*5=68MCT($&%W4B*)PDFMF+4=!*IU:EC'D+

M8IF=^00]DECU?`$!8'2A5AO^O16/8=``*`UEO*,)%8]'T`$@-4HY*#HBIN=
MV?1-`5.CDK&!VUU',G5FJ@ME2]52=/5*?@0`%1=%5R6^K7IQ?P'`I8D17+6Z
M*P1JK.^J-R^W$]_7:#452/8ATYLB($V?5'LOQ4NV!$AGE3X4`BS6I%J04P!1
M=V4]#;G)I`L.C'TP8+JLGI3:5\*ANW56@&AS_4X+.'26:5-X\A0C:I!0EAT


M

W%!Q\50X@0FG#W;_:T.#3N
/`D-1//9[;1B3L2YAU@QF$WML
MGAW
:'.K#LW_LP


Z0[0I#I8^WL0$:952_.#7X26F)`:V#6?W&TL1+-


-IL.I4TUPQ@1LMZ
MAS





M4BN


MEVX
L$^HT#Y?$H


MZ=TT







M+11;Y.C]H\%N14YS/U`

O;W/T
E#M?Z)&[CQ

M%$F$$*2S6IR-W&T9##L/31_L^!8


AE/
M#-




M2\%



]PI//S%*M7R4?NF
HT,5`.)=HXJ37UMGP`OVCX:#V_OF$.
FC\KG\:^CK$P1O


M_=9;@?HBHM1Z+KH8^!B:*%([]
?;

-T4/Z?6L\?%P;Z?8V&U!9%]?QQ
?`Q


MMS1=J%7@Z.]E#;F:KK=I0\??JJQHWBQVM`\6.VH6KU7`V9LX;Y$H+FN$Z(;7


M0OQH-.(RJZ
H3D6\9


M!\NPJHX
.\4=]<6V-J$0OJ6A<EB/WW
MS7ZU)RJQ]2IAN@O3IGL')#RKK&EM2FZBL8,JOS?U0?&;$VNLHNK/D#0
J;$






M-H7!IC818NN&Q8E;)HMY*S()PA*F3:A2*:'
]`/-A/=AL2R25RF^&\`:A.
;FBM(M.K]D06%7T$Z*J

M5CZ5M3'

`4
^UX+AX;JV`UO)=HDSB3.)LS.6CB*?
M31!]2]V*)!K=*I$DK*
D

4
MFGH&

89+/*0E-@#2C2$W\'`)PK6#Y:2
M!F['WJTA%^-(*F

)\EL`&2F3]I5\TLJDU36@
I


M#/KWQ=Q=^


+OTHW3
M$
3)H[]





1AHC0BZ#Q

XVML`#@/H%
MWO2YL54PVGT)^C#ZTB*:@2--$V+I6;H/]
.M+

.
MBHPDJ#XSIR^ZG+AG

@LK.W04BI-S$1/255:+G
MGA+T!3$;[96H+\#




03QX_L(-DI]?79BO,3@PS^#^<^OKFZ_W+S_\L%]UJ9?M(FJ?<G?\^7P

&SP3[MD

&T,%
MN5D/Y!8N3XHD*N:ZG0#<VOX





M(QD#T$6'3I'9D:U&*S

MS9JN_0`8A&58K2
7Q&3O[+]'W0?7N






M022P






&^






M_`H)J;T7&]84O3A_T7V4IM'B`G_D

M&R#
(7+69WE_\_'NXL]WU[_]\^X2'B68_81_\_[JP_7O_[Y4[OP%2)2/X*OR

MR$INH$8QBA$ZQ/4P#8CVE\&H^670N/1.!LBGFFP
2ON`Z5#WX00&3E$'N
M#SL`C0@GQP#!?KU%@[



MMO)A1SY30[R+X#-U2SPO7_SF^N&9TH2T2.I8)-:(S-Q7ITW
_5IHH&SHDYCU

XX2B&T


MAT@R:UH((1:9]:3



MQ+DG

4%!E\_-:EL






B-(+L8LC7JMC3?9B]J1F][5FCPV)K5Z4!^N6
M%($]T595ZZ'9TS)OEA:[?%R=YELX^G4))CPM]\&UL@C,`WV00;*7EC9TMF

MP@FI#&




?LT\

MDGU\YS-[CT=^X;^06_CK\^:?__1![




ME?JM#'Z48*]+0Y$(C59FI72-1D

*(E[1$A&?'*
M2U=N\!FDJSB\*81@;E


M-$.K1*1(B*P5K6F*2

C'T
C:G'U2`_
M:]2*;TCN$3[1;M0*9@R
CR[

M'#`BC
XQ:\4ES@`E1G71*U?A52NV0

C6NQC'GZ-)9=``*8T1Q#C2=`W(-8=3NE'/PZ0RPRU8L;PYR
M,]^R?`&?I0&GJ]LO-^\QIT


$%4:UFF`*
&AZV@UNJ*9



@P/%6#SYA@Y@](G.@6*F_0/

,O$[!L#E,R!<0:!.KZ&L




:AK`HL$`#9FY.F
)*F3.'%_-S

M$+3-;_BH`]
ES9XZD0N.H:



M)#3!C-H%]S@)B0S5)2-(O

-U_Q)-Z-C_E(WRV
V:;C0^J




W@M*T6Y

0;6LU2[3.33
B*AE9?Y+

MB))D&+?FM#D=2U-&GZJ28$3NHVDE8QA:6)K=SL22]
*G&::5@&%H^$%?J6ZI


M

JQ.:


M./)T

^-F.ID\@]J
B2J9-
MMJJ0Z8WB&J*B#KF9_W'[+DS]]/FH-OGED_GOC*OJ7F\+D#?18A&%&)K_!
'L
MU^=W2;2\B&5+)9N^(S_\'X5%@%E

6+IM$1WX

M/3LE]M;F:4ZFR65-K5N-K8-=6BP!W)[JZ-[[\=A_:U1+X.O6@![MQOVUMM


IC3$%)GY%^Y5-*A]PU&.#
M@\8&LWX6C-CB2Y2KPGY


#@$;.XNY(%WEN)H?:B
MA;V+TGAGB=EJ`PGZSQO6AY-3+7Q,/&,JPDXE;VET1191JO!,&R,I_7,EMM
M/K5'HH8#:K21:A@






MH:L[_.L12(R=SGG.U%IF\
X58%.K/+(NRRHR2U565O2CLD+5VI9PR1P^.QY2
M)VUM5(D5=EBQ;&ZRGWWOC0!Z(JNM\++8(M/D!A=HR0;

35AQ8Z!DZAZ6*3D92]V,<UK1ED?+90FS*(0`AG'223*:X5Z'?R]U

39*
ML2)S9
VK_/`Q=I-FLSQP*+-FXL31^:HE6VT9;Q`+:#*-4LMM
V2*5*R;
&V)
MG9CCT@G$8BM1P5IH

MQ


XSXU$3\`






RAF?*QEK/W\#*!KD/E@Q\$*`O45*H(/=J3


M

==.Y*Y=3`
MN.XVC;R_1LK2C=
0Q

.TC&H:U


RSO:RITAU%V
+


ME42H(\?66*ZI'X`A\R\W6.5%%*@.V0V]IOU0TJSA+F0TO8*LI5G3@;C1;8-]
M
II=/XHX@NFX(83B(EV807V0;((LRN%M:AGJM&4B42RX\3+.^BU?U9'IV&))



AS?71EGS6RET#K[0A99







M


M!=^6?IQ!&8)V;0UZA3EFV4#/&-


E:NZ`N:
M]3*EC1R\!X$/T);55/$390$!?!'X?T$.N$@?W?`PB4UD.T!?#&]?VUI;T%5'

M'U%QA681CFM@K0E^4KXSQM;F;]DO%:@^MR:/@2T:^`_S)_RO[S25D85P]/54




MKXL:=I+'--9A3PB@\



BG2?B=PK)'Y!+@]#
MR.:+_+HX$`T)'OWX*8Y2X&VVXEW-(5/
3:.IVV(DVXX!)K9E+7RQLR&D((4#';8




MLJMM[

`RC6


M-V;.UAS9$=$@V8U$Z$W%7


%IHR*]94HM$X]^+NNQK1&@LD6<
:S<@C0-P*+@-Q6NO

M_^\*161Q0C!)4!(8@[?WD.YE'U2QMH$6A`966!*S20!06%\/=8O61!#_R1

B`@G6
TR4.\(

M90[^5R[9




D6U`$W.4/0C40R,.+4&%6IE7Q
MH)0#OR(S`I!(RD..2'YY7KQ0;(HA



M?


M$.R+YOJZB%6
#.0KYF[+#EF`S-?-$V7P6/#


W:SW9#Y'@?4GA+8$F\TS5&P%F3Y9@627


J`





31.'L5&KT16^JC'D8.!O:;E45[7R]KQDFTL`0O#HNU2
M8%ZH2:%(]![SM#&4I]%RD7?



*CX2RJ



4M@2XD'Z;IYKEF2?:E4%8=GR^HFW05.5P






CIY;
M+[/=ENV=6R*;P\WKQK=I`MS^E7D=89(E%:`EM4CR)V(&F\VPC$/&D.O/+K:#



`_'JR
M=

M
K&:D@-?*-8B![4-.0R&K@V^2Z)JT;7!?'?)+A4SW*2I-Z83RHJ`1.S_Z@;9





M






M$O33Q[Q#*80.H!90$_]DBW=8OVF&Z7).OJDP5W!:$5^JY213GYX5/L

U^B_6FDB.]XN)P
\I_NSG5]=OOZBVJ;_

M['-_W+Y]]8LV





]
[S$%ZBE+^L)$6NZSY%<

YM1C'L^[`*-
:^
G_-/;9\=[<VN.$
6LON/$4W




D&S)9L93HM


MVC%BLR1-:_RP\?839K-\LAS)J)$T?GJY9LM66\02R@R31*+;?-DE2L6[
MM5V8A[9Q]L;)2I8VVF
(L3.P13FG(!Q&\!-3-4Z/MR$*QH-:#!A:Q`,:T
M\GSBCU)5)*HJ!*5II87&A=

M]S^[*?@

M;FZO3.&4+*]MUKAVU5*H'E[;JG/MBOU1PES[^$8]4%R8M;



JV:;)^M\Z

*._L?!K+\J8%W-+9$MDT]..`FF\O8[=G=K+D1*5(GFRCQ+DZ/?*O<@
M!'



]E]ZK9LM%?B$U=Q%II8?
M/D!QEE=R#T]P0:M+E597`WBI8UL4;NP)O)J'2@7V#KE6@])&!J[^QZG$5H*L
M\RHR4:+X?2@*[5VMWQHGS8


&&]&[XX<GGK$N7(





-2U?SDS0]1`?(W[M)/


T6^&@-AF0
M;;ORI.B%%8?Z+8:W*!S*(3J493B5I\)OK#C5O]Q@E0F4((B^NJ&W'4CL:!.2

M:[7.6B[ACEJ%&I%NTZRI70^



M+M'ST(--$+S393L7(K(3S:UDB!6BW,QNB.166*:)=*5V1UC_\E%F;?B-8@B
MR37.OWDG+=V^9X4;1%%G\6$:2GV.N9ZVVN:1/:+I9N53AJE:U81G$EDE;0G
MN&U!W
'-T7ZU[1-.;8PPQ=H8H1L5R\6G?/HELO?P*H*_#I4/T.1`YG/3NE*#



M$2&JT
MF:ZBFT7@YO



F

I9\Z.I&^5[O`;&
.K97CXNP-F4U/K.*N





M1]N15^EC%.^M
[1*S9IF1*`[1$10=6@^\BUGIJ1A553'#($QV=H(6=6Q,ZS
M?T=[D6[F5\MEX'O(.KY-W725PE_][B_\U-WGE5(CK1F1J)/]U6`,CLX3-J46
M83.T?2:#



:+\:'G_4N*Y@?)OX);F]\EBYQ3`V13Q
M[



FTMZ


M'R1;\G6KU5];)0B9WB,7:@KDIQ-1#RZ(SE;6,ZVQA9SQNZ\OH($1+A8#(U;
M@D_$56()2JL%VT*Q5M)!T/SR3O)K`+40:_4U&6OM)%`?AI$(R*#?*Q
]W)1





M5^OUOX6;E$XZJ!PU



4L14




G'F[MWBFJ.E=_?7=V^NST(




MBTHX-.T8/+V+$.1F3XOUSA(IC)%B6F.G?91F0CU*P[[;CJ%ZN(M2-]A)K@H6

MVI&PX^W7Z-^D)4?'OJ]J_&JS;J





B7^L'
^^

40_F@1A`


M$1__!94T@C*6TZZM';L(XC.T&X.H`\^`UI1`2F';$R]U%K'/KP
M]_AP!U


NA[-W3


M2#S[Q






M056-BC[.ZK.T




MWMW\]OGJTS^OWRC7']_??/YP=7=]\Y'62;(7'X9P^KMI\M3&QFS5'U@O8$1[


M7KP*HH?873[ZGA*#AWRG)U4\S:

G&=+YY,V]TB&0+X#C<`=K%=5*B-UZE_8%-8?V7F&J
M3VL!+<05O[I_`1Q'0C^\1[P&XB??`Y2!IZI'`M'`8_N3-,T'UF-5J;KB7N
MTQK[&TC8!0FVEOE0GL\#X'9G^_G5;[ZZ:/BPO_
`%[_U*TTUYYB
/Q
_P

MMO+@5^&O'J(LN(N4H5^XU_K&?A8X1YMX9\\0#Q?`A5]$AG4`CP;A$?L/6)_.


MS&4/0:!HF[J).QR9?@=W3:A@`0\_M)MB4YSK@!8V
KP3=$`]\*J2Y!$(
?



/13AP-\Y
M.KA82O^!$V
_-&_@+]



T*I*(5T@F8@3YBZ7K
MQ^@9&;(B-+







M7@R1740


M17RFYLTE`M)#.\HV&:]7;+7HM7R](@?*+NW\E90M*;NWE




MKAS1GPB6#D;#)
1].IT7Q;%=]:`)&R*9TSD0@Q-;$`QE3362/+G+:
WTL&

MC71'DY4W9UYRH8TTQQQT3E9202U98%1X\4/38++NAIXJ
1Q9=2
L;QM:BVWP



L7%P.-LBDRUBJLV1ZDS)I*#
C#-G0O\T83526SK22)#)M$



M

M[NEF1V-CAA&5_!MB8]I.OK`^%B^Q)[$HL=@G+-*0[0+):^4V=+V_VGFD!$CO
M0S)RVJIDCY=I@E^ACR::T7QC2IL&*A))0IE0!D@6)$2@C2RCQ00A201#(@(T
M(6ZJLIP0)Y[J^G?TL(H;5^GL$V

.:9C

90
M6U2^2^SPDKZ&7C'58FC2]U?W+]0


M(NMTS*#.*1*IRS&#7`
+K*?(B[QZAMZ405

;L%2TLIZ3E^<I5HT.9[^V74$G
MX\Q0SH3

TY0N.
&1^0
M436S;&B+8W'(AHHIRKBAL)D^;0

M9XE9E=/$H1(H-OO&31[Q4'

6/4=

SAS-#(/CI20#Q[



^'`4*95+I
MEC`$7/4X&1E5ZPTD&9P#&:B67BX-AJ;$KE&`.L3IC.;U`:1$V=B9$%N;H+V:


M#$=6W0C+VX;FCV)'#&1HSD5JZIDQ8VLN.EM^DQ7C9:BIP_A?N&(:`BE$YIM
M-9[9(TGFK$E&GUCE#NP9YU=PY8R29%.2E&@OVR*3+6*JS9'J3,FDH,P*,,T*
M=_S1A-5);.M)(D



F[J^JDZ=W7/+GQ4JY#

#'6





;#53-QE1.69&
M4HT@5BJ`C4EO`';(9)KN:/L\1J:/#+4WX*C!85``[3,8(7BTWHG!7OIJF'1

^NF4.5YM8A6T!&

MXNC)3]!*[U-BW:8+Q%I&M3Y!8%/70)QF(!50B&D.9:ZL94`+`9XC*D]S3)TN


D'E&#8#
0-1X.7@0!6+;V%2MH4
/(ABM2S&W-9R!NTS`Y?H?/RW<^
$/4='HI38I


KD\J0R/[]N





**2?T-L3-O)%];'XB7V)!8E%ON$
M11JR72!YK=R&KO=7.X^4`.E]&)XQ;35BCI=I@E^ACR::
9ZTLK(Y2A+*A#)`


M%KBV[33?'2UYFH_`=713(D=

M(^!/




M@UHCRYRVS/:+14.2&20SD

M%[4=VD
WIP1K^LHOLBE[_XJWD_=:'*P=I#X1@2;]4IOE)62?D5I&BF_;:.


MV5JK4


M8N);$6R/)56AD&]H6P0VP7S^]BI4GZK410#!5JC6*E2U-)
Z1@B6-!%XH:I&

M7\#T4/L+A]][PJ;_V$HU'CJS2-_?M5F9W4?:PY`W:SAD_W\S?1@O?\P-0
M@$_[V,,!46KF5-_74%RNTP*OT?AP^_^$YAE2Q&OPQJ@*C5?KFZ_W+PO@8XV




MQP5J.-NS%G]]WN+5#3!F[U!(:E.`5KBG*M2&V


M^5JAA$DC'[UEL)**A:/BJ7@WP6?B2
4



=?]4+2\9DKJ_



:&IJ
MPZV#$2


/X3P]L9B#I?;7








M4US]W


9BL/S
9T7_@9)*L@FTL2+4&
1][D+PRC

]PCI(T@`78P'_G]7:+`*O`S5!Q^FP8B.8&^B_Q
3G#P
-P2&0
(!'O
&L'V_G9+5B
M^Z$W*+

*

2NUW*N78_)AS*S






MU6*%AP4H

;*@]IPP7%'$
SWK/IMM/;!Q]A;K<Q7$I&P?
ME./LJV2#0/P.CXC6-B8IRF(E*-V/\EKN[,D-/?BP-%+^$_GP?6BIU2J6H^Y/
MRQ=13:N\,F!J#WINI8!.M'#C,4V-:8&CB++M$PB3;'4H,FAXZ_&-HK8
D35







MWKW(G.V'*8A!DH[@O[Q@A28];GZGQ&X*E.2KNY2\3UBH/.R5=[WF?752494W
M/.;_+7;]$
46T]CU9)
8J?*82

M+J@3E;LUB^5*&T%*
65O6*GP&$[UY9JF*Z89R-XP66*Y[]MHLC=



?;^&

M#;DD352_70P;;!-Y
G66J321!:@L::?1K3*567)1N5O3)RR+8`2)2
DT^9D$
MH7*5I9HM^^-DFOSL(DWK^GZS?((_[X`2^S0Y0YDIT^0R3=Z1R^J86KE!(]/D
PU9E?9=*!<9,?#;_U/?2JW4#Y-W!C
M9H9W3C+,W;HBD;$W<P9;$L-8&S-P.EF[`*1%,X)`44QS5E(V-\.\JEY'TK&D
MXY[0,;M4Z*ZUPJ+NK,I.(;%*WH)E##Q_6VPW9




6S
NA6*0(Z8]E-JIX`E*]73=U$E((F(@1AV5





M(2M]6K&I6]*AI$

=N1

+A9



;B#]_\UB+R_?D&[K?^Q

TJCJ'#=X=^V#Q/

(J

MK#



GC45Z(99VYGN
M[[`\0I'W.T@2Q445D]I!SCX.XM6]^E\%2BNY^'*2NDNNPNKCLJ6S?M
:=@



M,PYK5*/`OGC4F+?K3]:]6*;!'(EV'%GE@0!0D)Z+I1'CH=GAQ[[X=^`IUT

ME4(RQLM;!KW6-*BZ&B.*'!2LY9:
Y#+C?$@S&LN2KA816^9%(RPE::N2+KX@





M3$/(ZA2@BY;?0?X
5.2FL$I*F%7W</WD






@%6A!U`
MZ2[%?=*W'\+JK[ZNEK%PS8L?)3*?<):0IN/2+Q)\+[BQ&J%A6TV3`MM6J

MI#N#=E6M8O6N^JJ

MK(5`%@#-MX9*WS5&9`A%B:79$-6'6J.9M?KJW\#A*0*FWHGZ@//Q?%8`)6OB
M\?9OQ+)8;]8.B\#0MB%8#_T
8=G)(JUAV`]L[T(DQ=;./%=M/95W;+JM+.(I
MNG&[K-`I$?`/=
H21WR&H.^JU'51=;UA:\:GYYMDNM1I*DY:9XZAC?I6ZZ#U


MZK
Y4L'[4W!3\UK#4&E+B?UA
FB-0E(@?H*B47$8*_
TN4]!)A$9(B
R5O+M
M6821A+Q]=G*PBU5\8^K\


MG=`;X[DYW8
Z^
E





O5JCPSVXD
UW='57;
ZH;!G\:&:!FG:JUX6W
5GUW&P
MJ







]



M@T3(HXO%
'[EJ2


/D:=+0O\9N4^
WUN1QMCSD)YI1@

2NU$FDY43UKY;;:QL-

VHC

M\6GW5?@43D$\S9!^%^ELJ=]4.['JY]I(/6[/_W6S?I;..-3[TU`XO_H_O;8
MR%3;;8_2






5U


MI3O)-B





M@Y
0U9=;5VI1?Y

MGE=K!

0A$N0PF.2


_+PI67V;O_#2&VY+=+N;SJ/B;'UV%
M61`EV2(]B@/35;%P8$W1IFY6TXQM/
[EMX1*G\)O9W

BE$
M'
RHIQF=](F7(C

M;HNJVYXTO.)NCC







MJ3$

7;7'HOGD@:JF;F!7




M*%
_]XL(9K8LX2+A+GJU;G_7X;]'\#3

MF:)H#U6^4K-7B3JEJSVT/BD(J]:0SY1W/P(PSY4;D*(&O
KM@Y\Y?(Q61D

#J5PSN'L*4


]`*

MKTS6K2UI5U+KP9)0HM





3Q
X]2
#


MY-42M[(T&`]?JB6A1.[FF#%JF6##9A

MIV5]E.L-




+R.V#\FST0!._?W'D(3\6#820%'`+
L-&-?(B61NA`&KHUG^;$





Y)GBQU

MC5+\Z7\66?X(8K@+^8.?PW_/%A%B%]H=9=_:T1!@3&RV+((?C.`^*E


/+G
M&;A8__`_)5NB[Q37#A0_[4KQ


)P.@'@


MKCKU'M2I#E83

_6`S3K5.I

MP28








MN!

M1!N5OT5/W$@26OPWJ.\4F&E-3+).#-+?&H'=4MN.7OBYF&.V^6T:/J&??_EY
MD9W?^_[\XC9X`--%!+[



G
N&FF:5MT

8IJ-?%LSI5GPR*`CIMFDMS5*FJ4Z


MH*NX5O#+STVK-M/V
7DND::S(`V!&^I)@XON[FOIWS:MK=9/?.MG#S=^6!)%


M3.EMM)V6PV'[V]I.#
OD
U^<U*U.KTP:3187[ZV.U.GX8M


M%;PYK&E!&D(3L`YKG

'/P.709`LXAR^S^7T/XLL?P1Q7JI/


KO9
MIBY/(LW`L\*\%*P9O]
?CZ51&`W2E8L^/8'V.LZH637A0






M
Z'6M:5EPG7\!.(\25\VGU]]Y$CB3\?
63#A0*W[2GM`8W




H.U/@)DX4


MLTK+(SA6I!6KOH?A$_3F_P!^VG(0![&04;%3/!?K.BYB()1))_*?5B\#X\9#

M$H?-

MEIVVE4(LTVI9-HH2&PV/BBO(BE_J_(1PA2D((C_+PED8%!`FJF*;V`6T$13%

M=0O@T4&3M.V

M(


M?+5CUR($HH[0ZQ?)A7(F9'W1N@WB[0MFBH;'ZSJQF=*&`?18HH.@7*-955@
MD65E6D&S95T9YR#3?
8IUI8/I=5Y1KV?`;YVI(IBSR
PK^A\3L0H0=Y^`1-
M).%


OJ6R8AKDB66OAMBF[39#)D

M
C`Q
S`U

MYR+)?M

M=1KN/3.1\#CZY=W^3Q_?[;'(CP





E*?P

P`:_^+\Y3]^6SW^(4R]$S@KV
M!



$WD






M/JHN




V_&\T1=*?TF2[^Q@]'^$:6@DDH#:BKJ0I1K()70DQ5R'CD$

M7C(7;]JOZ


2H+?#
&M2/2UG8O=





5E;]J-:L;K*3F`;+67?
/Y&TN?XD_K-(.1P(BI[#J6Z-VHS:N3B)E?/\




9U945FQ:


M\J()NP


M6-U.WWY+&`QQX;(._)0_ZZ2

7N

MC*D&:O:O:N`2NR'-#7\)W`/2+B#4T!J@43)+3'6B9K06;F*YB&ZH[3!6!&X3
M2Q)03J$5?)E6+T7F


@)QSG'449`
Q3GF(FJ^#\PZ

;
5
\^NV`T&ZS*5;V

MC%N=@$@*3%;5RLFC%:!EIG]5`IE[X;2#H,RF^-#FS&IS6_C&K;C@Y)E975
MU8





M

MV'#LD/ZWWEMVONPA'OB@?

M4Q%4WN=%



$G/

M[^40I`%7(G7
M0]LN&[X0?XL5K!D.+Y_BD4J;X0W/\H^P8/0@`*?6C%P!J0\7?.(ETK;

M)R0TM1\=GERPTWUHKD'JT8N*4Y\YW6[##]Q%B_?JBY##KU#6+I09!&J4_U




M[VGJDKB#8+$6GS/!GP';






M-]L(8KMNIE-Z.SPCHC=:*[P&I/M47BCME-25T(4$&F)]NWR/W+&4BRSH7N3S

P?BO_8?F2&4SE)9^+G8[!\.RJ]?O&#I
'OC^?SK
B$?E%2/%T

MB45_7G.PMX+'XIZ)9^ZS[(:=!EG8Z!J!4O#S=ZO7:D/5DBRMN5M_SE
M?=J+



M

S.132




MH^FED!QC*#J^W,&Z9DGQ!N/)MGQ_P9B:?4!\-OEVE9FYVAI@?T*PN#TS?-




.Z4OBU#*EFQG(J#BHY#




M91YD5D?7?WL0H%_/3W

M2
MY5TF55L1R:G5AYBHC:GE\@B(:G2;9KY^**R]3#H^%679EWC)4O7F4\R.F.0T

8%/CL8`<J80HB%-?LKK==%CIG\N-+M4/L%0
M4A=+L.,*8^/1*%4*@28B[-JM)[F!+FF='<'_EQ3]+7^'475.JXG71\+TB11


M!S+QV4+/S'4U6_W;['4FO6%OHZ./+M=3S=&J]TZ7KVZ[\C%Y(LJ0PLK6C0+J



?
MSPWNXT!Y/R%
MPJY*-YITGJU6A$BLKKWK^?O%7A!&_^$#/YU[@GNAU%T#/$N](UP*&PS=M+4Y









L_S;M)V#*]OC,@HA='-E:(FN!;RJBY0WIO

M


^$\YTX8QB]8T-
4U&8/



MIBXE[[^T\2.3J.(I_INS*Y*7UB;%A29M6&WV`)00Z=A!68]FA&\E&+UJW/
MA59^75/N1/Z

516)AJ4YZ;7C#3\LI
T







7)Z]TARE
M=CC(N#_$3\D3










MM+--X.)BN3CR]1*MJ]J
CHY=IC^5QO2-)SX+05






M.

MFYTM9U'B%=5I;N%G+$P#+R*6F?







MH
(F64@JCM:=A4ZKMK*9QX.+5_1\-1E8V09QD`OI5DE:S;XZ7))YI$)CW9GG




M
C`Q
S`U
C9?






M3Y





MCO*WWM-=/$SCI[@?I66WW\^JM.1C^29+XG[



NK.[NOD?/


8S_SO(^M]8(53JXV0=#2Y;G:FE0(&6X=


5'B`:)HD7\\\%7



^=_0)3V-XO.[O3
MC3S_:_KSP[O@7!/LBO_S?49



MH)TXE#V*',3%WGIA+4E&Q[FT^V3C@`]WE=9?:VH&
-`D$+#F&?-
DZ*I))



M6NT



1/.*Y5E+#HG
](HW`9*W(JA;$US8#QH5F\IS#XLUK/#UPUQP



7H$B=IR6'Y#!HK]MAJ.+J@=P4\Y
M.%+3G@?[!5Q/KDATOK0]60)'V(;#\+QBE.RAUG!0KG(Y)14`MYN*!SL!O\ON




7[Z[+8G2A:-AD1E!5!\/1W9U=;Y@




4%0AC#%/3!89+)



ZL.*H5LN!\[



84FJ`+#I*
7Z4SA0&/
MI4BW=G6Z1\IM^B
N1X

GXY
96



F6B;7_(N2!S-I2U0ATF8]


M\]-)S$V#+;\P4TJS^
IF&-_NR#$A-LF+SOC_&V9YS`KE#@R#'KC4GGU1U$DF


$0J$.59&VXW`H'4EL;`@YI360*4S@80A\U`FX='!/X*..YR6%V4'&



;=%%0?NC\Y\RQ*
MC'F#:



MK='



*KQC


R7K0B%F9%+6S#O0Z__-3Z6!H-*R
!

MRP:
C4&UL_=





$O.9IC[1




=0H&
M/7'(Q/93V1G-)A\@40:%Y6(@+H3
UBH$G8MY'8UQ'QG#WCAT2M$?8Z-9T5^N

0%
M`_


[@)^NWF.:VZS;.L*'M/



OC3#=?JYIR

6^*0J\#7H!\3?#
9OH

M5IG+JJQR=C/1;W&?3==G

OUM6E'G5+^M\P]7XF?MH

</N[MT
%;&][:PD:Y[XK


1N@HO#2=AP/J1MN54I7
6L
M'Q6XJS[%C0`)&=]?IV\]X7@:%`PTHRY%=[-J',:@;N)@M\SD6RK;P821[
MS@_6*HA5I0([A:2#3_N&/)1M*@KN$['X+


M?.K#B
O?)F)/_V-5XNG/#]_N)&+.'P#9R!0NB;2VSIPUX3?]
V=W5)5PIC&[


0=-=N2SQ9@N[Z
MWB-OEN3`Z=^*H;L[1*90+].
NQ5EO86EVZ\+1F]R]A)G59&\==.4K\+[;*!=





H@1
R(33Q1\87HM_C@?K`1JN^``J9BG&4

ME-1+SW*YZ5RRL*Y/.7=$*BPYYSE\4L]]V&#TX(6'(_=(2O#_9U-@GR3W;4
MS?R!N^_1L^J2#D4K+I[O
U/PI)&K3_PMUN.BD/IP1:.0AU/



MM7;/\K$B(+7^
`A#W






'.SRLT-('V0.('3Q<8:!?,9?,P#;+MX0@EKO[
ML52::L2IN8:#1Q,,M&I.IR6<S=(7(9CDSF53*&FW9-VWS6\%SPK;*!58R8M






^D&`&S*LKTCC\R;(VZX



M&:O:6\GE6S-
V0]`![/0.@81S@,5%K.0F/^N0MR+%RW!HI+L@ATB+PQ5MR,
M^C[!OKF[)(&
A#(:!TBT)1






'9H[0PK$S4XSH4W*
M(X?^4


T=V`8)OB.=S)/=\S





M])Y^C_(82G9A+\QI5.*L!WQ5&'/W059QDL55&`*63K7=/7[H16'UAJ3=\]
MYRP:]-)%$QAAD_86(,O2G#VP))6AY54M\Y7P.>-O8MY:J&VZL'
M2Q?W'

SW)7LT)%&'Q[?##HE$^]5VUT^+OSKAT(A@O.Q



T`2/'N


MD5CH4AQU8T#6VN9EQ+YZC07
2+D&DT+4WSDU#^V.]-H`:A[Z/@'
;%^]Q@3V

M7[)TR+W



.)XH`CHIGA=_
M!W1V*2G5WV#1=W!$Q$-Q3$IW&Y'NXE?I%8Z(Z\4QS4%@
EEEI4[7F6:(D4(


MCMD6

M?



ET3XCL/K/4V.]+N

MHV\Y/77(-G=GI0];VUV1Y&



M5\@CTX2^
EO3$L0




MW&5[I@HQ(
&2TH+G=3:45I_%8&[*D7/9G=7-?)Y$L7\E'

P:7-Q=?DKZ6



M*[!2[^G?+
J+WM.Z:A5DT[8%48.[2EB%BKF&Q=CP(&:Z7+/;\.$'CR$
D'XC


MUL;R*RGL$%.X
L!+'-7=?F.Q8D^C(B[NGG



M!L$]7P865?Y6ZWB2E)K&[





NL('N&-E.4E!WT1O\#^]_);U6?RL.TS`JD_0`^TUK/H`



M
\0



;[%P@WL&(FG-.`R
M4]K^M:I
!;O70%#X*-B0)N0F`5O2M'?-
F;]OJI-+&NHE/G;6B'DUNJOT6L\

?RLN
Z$+,.=
MB((K2UE\%N2F5/B*4;)\4A=!HS--S*/NRMI3Z


J;P#3G`N^2\2`




L*Y#D1N$X`J5]'Q_B#96
IS(A!

M(^

VC.I[P`0DLF'&9A$SF0T

N*(2NR-6`C
M4P9H8`SYS(D#3.&V0@*YF#V[$L0VAN]IE

D

M

MN_L2Q0E4N%UF.6QHNV/]*J\;A#Y@`B$B=M@;]

XN9F1K1?$D!'Y'HAQ^



H1P$+
R32]@=PQDU?\/]U(7N/']D



@#-%I[T`@EZF!COI`(%
%;`C1




(ZX@T;4'4X$$UA[%X30LOWC5L``V#V<6EKE;US4
M/U&%B.L-``&9L)9Q?)93(J)0JVA



M5'B





MAE#
MPBXI&*^_HD;

9EM$8H3,P;,$(




M@.-I1;\S\3#5%*JF@

#RU+!!_&R+_+&P#

MHD9'(6?HT1
)R

QGE@WSZ'D4]Z
$LZZ0M0

M.O6TV$A\E#UPKOE).^$XY_MD'4
G1*-E0](=.?6``TX
C=.D-K)_N]/(^NT.
R'UHE284(&@!6`(?'F-6KOR


K.JY$<:YPOE#9
M1TQV!MT``/HKNSWYRLX<ZY21]M#P8[#`
E$EP)]8I.LR!Y`;/K?V8X\@&($

[FP1Z=Q]9?\OR[
UE<0
M%=WA

9V6#:]F:RZZ(N




M9T.S&2VUE`JAZ6I3&!['I)SR%2O3S=17L;]^#E*+;XCFOX`/V'WW-
#8:+










&!=5`=H`25AQUYK'J-OCPR]*.'1WNF95F=F







M5)K?P((4J

V+0!O3C?I2<<'6$?:=D&#4I/)CWEJ`!



ME%%


4`$G
M306<X&L;D.,)V






MT-G=(9Q?EK/%
&_F78
TUSP?C


MTK
HZ4-8






R$/25Z7
MI4ADK8#/)Y7E0WK+G2F4.2T-:`IQ(A\&#3D[MZSJ!CQ]27\S\5?5?P2)?SC






OE%&VN8L7D9


M[[AUMHGK6#E:;5#_V



M.2$3.]!92K/$MD).(;`0=/U-H0ZOE0+R$[_1#/\K;%R-'D8-%$C?LO$IT+S]



RA52O'%=;N=P_8$U$8Q
MH_\B?*H4;VS:;=X3T#D




?^Z3\


MV&
V
JG;


(*6GO&+QZ^0]`KZ()P4
'(H&Z'T%PYTR%T\&

8
O+N.A'


!J1SRJF*\QPGT9_LOHJ]71PF66#@N4O

M(%\3&4*D$#EJ1$IWQ_!QY[C
JWY9Y;7#/#M=GR\)KL;/49S#?]SDV4L
?I2^




^X+)P\AF!S\7


M]/7%I+?LA:45^PQ)U&NF*^X3-0$4U&+O&+4KG%XY2A*^;GOL#%C3_%X*-SD5

TA[P!;X=5:]]3(9`C6\;



M(U;+XE-1Q&@H[!7P0A1WB^7?V9#5-1?ZZ6?U41!D(Q;-XC





MDT(M@A?.N0O%7^957%XFT4N6LT%=^C/5+S@)6LHA6H.X9`+V.J6*&8='2:&@
MH3VW/N3&#K/#O$SP:CL#Y&32!@:F0KHR6/P;'95;?6ZZHB85DIO*9#5H5]MR
MF]D%N_5G$$Y?I0J
*-N`:'Z7P&:Q
HGJQ)\&':H0X;!V3.;I1$M]7$+5!`3S











M2HND#A%T!_^IIBE




DK-L_)RS$2RI7MA5RALR*D%S;!YJ



KYG-9_


+7)+##\([U^912PGE;

MEE0-W@@Z#!ZQ0)O:?!0T5\V/%8[!Q];E5=S])J*^GNUV[J?781Y2FW$G[V
MP';QL+]#YU@3=X:094&
E-+L7#(*EB7JF*]F'^0ER8HWBI!E#GQUVT26L7
@FR6OD\P!?]8
6(7*EQ?
M1$

'#;2F






SP\#S''









.I
5\%7*453U'%;G5NY'4=I[ABZ*ZRQ]X?
0
M&UQ7B$MS6Y

M.5=%^+B`5D2P$HF0`9).02
'6&UZIX'J@?(
1`=[0:RLGM=4(B2($D5OA8


\O+-ZZ%'O]'!


:C:%TC




M
#$S

%7=11!5W4475XP`!!4.```$.0$``.R=

'





1
-=CE
MA4::B;H`1(%<&$$4;^JOO:5%W&RVE($M;7T=*$_I?JZT$1W;]<&T(#P5PC-

D
M3B%^1#

!DZ^9IDM`

FO=1&3HQ7H%8Q%!]E#)PU=




MLK\$8WZ:_9C=T&;
1C24#6YH.
?








W




;#D?WNN&!VCF,O`YX^I[#GRBHY?06RJ4E!N+T']:SOI]PF-7
1?*GW@/F]T\<?(^#C9HQ]?@RD3'UGHF-[:NW

M(&Q1EUF+
_S?
[XV;!5=A.]6[L470%9R!=TK(II0M89YU41O3KLPM5[#A4U\

Q@`
M#U[Y7_.:LG=\E4MQ-_+I025N'1N=X,B]W@9&R&KU.@EP%'3I5O*=T`OQ0]

S7#MQ4



A-?OA(GUZ[^

MO&X


MFP@H9\
PFTN$G()]H71-^2XLQ+9UX1LIOIEL0


Z+:=5ME5]9E3<\G:*
MC4AM&ZJ'

M:8SM4AKC




T#8=DQY@E9VEBCT%PW6%`L
MA6DQ`:QH9V'^3H2?(ZBUY634=CD9]:-:HW'-F]W^+J7$K:AH`H#?QDR$FM

CIO!U%JT*W;STA(3IJR@L3':CWPGA6GV^^%G*X
MY'LZB;L


A)MAU%
K]BB.:/Z2SG%^U*1XEW2MV3)3?3EQ-`.A88HLD2Q*6*V
M:.@B9HV$N6ZNH$H.TW)L7,G)XY<J-^D]$Y.S0L)GHB+?/Z9(1N]L=.ZV8&J

M^$HU3'
R#YZ

Y.




9#LK;&6DY$ISD9&UA7Q:G@5LXLDD*?3Q*F!TV!2*H



M
L

D'!=#DEIPO=SRZ(_HJ8I!BH^C'^SHS(]F
Y6A#
.D
J&J9&AYL)\'!-
DI)NHY2D*SDA69ZNHYF5;&1H

U
MW]HZ;0ZT&9(V3&N%T'J.PT)-+:?G4&S9;V//#[#=6RRH6'A^8Q%:-)O?D-2W

&\
M5




413&UXR1


I@.'P9\



7GEN\!?L

T#3%+Q;:E3?/=V[3TO@E;_4QE
0P*7J8BH
G8KD=^%OB



1EFQ[A&Z]Y:

Q/M8Q1_

KR
M7$[;TW96_[WKXA^T!-GLHD@U23FM?OJ-`T\2@A2I$`C(U6O
U966`%`1\1&'



M4F$

`E7'!L%P$=*Y



ME27TOJE&&I*Y'VH+?Z\I5XJFM$V&%)*BSCAD`+I=57N[D&';PQG7[(W_$`:O



GDCK1&?U=*M.
%DFU-@V($




MJYK$%*)N]^3'.IV;&FF-@2*4IP8E52RS%`T:IJ-@6(JFL]8R0M.]9$RP(2
ME`+!C@L]8X!^5;7;+@;RY.K[2H2/D;3K6%/D:8D4&1:NSI^-&QX@2%5UFC+\


WSU2!,,V24`!O:0FT

M+%;U:^






72^81E8`&

K**@[


JKY@\P'8!E575N

M

O%JMX
D=CO:PHQ+
M):DDZ\YV8J*

C


/?VL-P(L@7JC(@+
M%\81`?#9JJ(-[H]_=[RUY#8\+_CI^(IQ

#


&
M`'.K*M8T#/Y_-`PN@O4J\.^N'2+T4?RMGW]O&VY3DJ^
=D)CYG_V%'DC!V


A5#6`_
&TGR]O6'.\/R[,=4H;%QM`
KZKY$T`+
MDOSMMY2]HAHRNUFXS



'RAH
M88GC(Y!D





:Y

MB.37A_KBN1'X@G9M9V07=6(
D@PB[CF37^0XQC$W!/AYU50F






MQ1;IG)N
1+:&VFXI!S.-PQ'@F%'-9CSR+W0=CP?`W997C1TAO3.CUKPSBD1[


&;7G3#FJ.C+*+P6LQYI]88OWDH0)Y9=?H5SQ

MZ*

EVGLC@%_A6K:SX9=I&MCW
BUT7HP%PC@
M%'2A#:`#G!VJ36R/.2@PI0]
Z]PM&0KYE!CHLNB#
=)5



M79W8(U]62H#:)5_89?_=0*X$U036)`,;6^BV@G2(3!IY!!8=?14\SL6K5V

MRNU/UN@0`#V$P3_E

MY:+E5?IXY)_4XQB87N5I`8(+R0;;\@3G:U#*RJ3@#R6+6+M;X

MGMD[2YU%7!H7/4$RRQ

M^3^CO[OQ6U5ME^B&F7A&HZA8;FB:IN3)3DU=^](_GO26L!_&TJJI$:3'R#^
MB`C_:2ZP(ZX]BY_QVY-I^RWD/S

M4\7#&

3#5J4]Z7W'N!M&_
MG=G^&$JHG

M.&^'Z-_2]KN6F)7(S(8HVV[;A#O5%P(8RR3NKM?^G'*?5+Q.E[
]6

Y143_
M=K!6+EHEOF0W(OME&U.+
*6Z1@CV$`MUV*W/N*\Y&(_NW2!^45D3
R`
P#
M81P\JHL$T/YI@0?G
A']:X#GF%J)X\BU9$F






``WX-J'+-36+Y3+D


@


M!-4A-?LHT6[2!*^VQH)?S1-5(=N2Y?D?8E+4CZ*'Q3AY$D/HD_3IX)Q0-%
MO0^;PKR[`+.OVMXDTA
/;]5TB*3PNXTH?'3\1T&@%'*I%]L&8JP+
/&JABU'



MJ`Z1^4
V
C_'`#RXJFJS*Z''D[E&\2.=!:^^^V\Z+X




M/'/-Y!;^FD?ZKS4SR+QPI[#L54#Z&'JM^1C:4%(A;U'Z+/X^1/G32'*:=T$G


MB::5G(QQ9`




M6Y

6O:MX
M8(K*Y+J=S4*A9[:)+


DI'O:[OK4DNJTT`

:'[SC3S3F_\*`[7


&_

M@!B'!T#CJOHV`@]9^^#:_:!9Z;Z**(H!DKT=:&-O]PD$026I^R#:YM4$'RVH
M[SH`:%I5]R8`\\P7Y#)T(!G9@39&=NO70VN)^
+\

MSLD6R;`.M

MC4K=+Q*TAO#/SPKE7














M6K=BT&04^UP^F62/)NFS^9?@P


@@\=[9YIA_Q.7O@GV4X0KHG1MJ#^G<%J9[(C`,\#6H.FX3$%F9
MO_L%9T-Y4N
PF*]GL4S0%[Z[

MHXWC%O!=J-8TA%NHH+S
.\J
)[8GVY7
1);O$HB.D1Z.L38/!U;@?&+
X7:_















MAUTPF\;7=


8EY;=U^-[D.YV[
M




<5T;T/ZD50?ODO]F:_(WC

M[B;5XI:AFX?X







MI_%;


G&V:Z


M8/95!9N&0O5[E]Q$+]Q-+T

4_7K0BLO+N[=CL8@A[`G*LF
`VKK`+C



?

J+J2X1(]NU


A&QG$!\


4@Z21!YIHY'II7CA38AH0UXV)/_KC&1]B.AD
MRPH$L

MTZI93
Q



(O\

?V;.H`F2X
3?^:AU'
MXD#5JPPX&`Y\(&F`.T*2;*TON*XV+

M\^Y;0@#'LQ08UJRG`(NN*KE%-.2WM:(X7`M'!$^K




Y4_?_#8-



C:FHT77CQ\Q0





M)6_R

DZ3[2


]U@;\PT)

`DQD67AO*5.1*LG)2#/-;%(!\D9$[%)+U%#I*L/Y$#
MD&0$D@U!Q!CV3&

2/3DRWKNW0&Y\N%I1G
M?:4^+0TU&B

E&ZV2%2]OU_<\RC3)*R^:@LV0?+4$TT1W'7%
M*IFOIUX_631+0UELV6C-0'(:]4<IX

-R/^#)\HC8?:.QN15X-9+<;MTPC^_Q,&7I<B(0-X=;^VDQXM9L%P&
M<U[_,]U:FL<GX#=0;6@GT^.1[=VWF6(0SH')IJ<`Q62;$UYO`U/-LY;\=(P


G

M*UAV'8ZO-FPW





M





M

Z-^=\-4U3HYV`')4U6=[UE8+V)?7%!IT
MD21H5Q





MM+-@`W]A?Q.:-N7P(O\
7#\F[VPL&VYQ=`%N5K7R7PKC2.ZWVXS[;58\[#]`

M0DUJZIQ3GY9[U'M(^KNGE?Y6I-AAK\1FQS@``();5:MQ`$!O6ADHD*1W3ROI


)8

M`W#FJM:-8



M3S?;G@F0N6JYZ5?L





$MAX%L$&('55U=NP





MV`$R@&17;6
29#?YEJ
$2P




M7)(/;!RI`!FO6K--I
[IPN67K6[==ZHDOMU.EUR^7T=2[P-MX=R-I
M1EW;[


3O2&^*ET1LN*^/B



M1YIIS9K`H)9L

!P#RJ
MBFW?]'DZP.HMY1A)-XZU!=26R*'
`7F+-$63:4R
`591U;/%F$#2BF.]
:Y[
M@+%[Q!AUM+RT\88H!56QC`#=

MTRLZ=_0C[G2_!W[\%I6O/F


M



]
M_9YB'PW-GFF2WAY^QQ?Y8!!DG5CO7F

M(_G:L3:^5A5!P0'A7Y+D6^

M7G



Q
/IBJ^-PP'@)%4=



T


M?!(N`P6.3A7]-4\


MJMLVIPN?WB\N0CIWXVMGQE^QS7?GPUVNEUD&O0MGQ;Z)-V700+*:'4TQG$U$


\M%

F6I



P`HA5U0PG!B
DN]JMQZXB7+&?$TH`

?!&^@C:
$8&U599\*




M$8V








MPDE@!TG:#AJ1MDT/




$22R@-=I/*185BR+)^1=&#84`4M)8MY[]9
M@E:`Q%9-:A*MT2QT5UR=)0`<(BGMH3Y*NTR2K(@;V0:&4.`[59U;0X9]S]]

M''X`8:Z:[(3AAZ31AVW2Z(TQJ
YL(/C.;04?0+JK!FL1?&LO=NERY04;&CXP


&$23)





.#N@#'-0\A1')2&AYJ=&
M@Q7;7G2R$02ZJ-&A/H[#5^:FPF372ALPJ)KBWS(4#*JW8RA+HR''Y]I$^
MOCW_[?47S0?'AKK$(X!15Q5M&10I/E(




MN8T\4AE@D

MR0Y@JU43M0FSG]/9+%C[?'?+MLD^^^=

=D%
*-L^

7G`D^8Y(C*0M
MK2E+
0%H;U7OUB




#BFX/

F
MH@$(8IW(K-B+O*?=B)/V




M

EYO


N0@R?*NI@CKFE(=

_4DZ+H
MF3N-10IQ'DODB70B25BCWU9%-S8!6AQU18G@R(D&=[560_Q,Z,((,956[2(
MHO#5\=U_BZB^B\/`L^=R\A`?_[`$
`/


M
/8`(ETU5YLP=%^9KJ76=[*17;-?OIVXK@QO2*]IRMTNY%PV0XK[\4O4M9
MV+A!=[

Y[

M-@*+/4A`4MM]G=4552E2XS^$=.6X\S2O323.5(%D#F1+XHA^QH$!4-JJSFT$

Y



564S[`)FLZMK(

A>#)
MDH$!;TG[RFLPUQ=_W!E)QB+P[R/)#R3B%\I)7OQ(DOQ*PG\$R7]GNBJD/S4;
BEVXT8ZI<AV4I/`9(']%`IX^H6J+M




2TX'
M$.TLFO8!?Z
*MO^\CCNO(])!.:SGH#Q)+KGJO3PM










SZ:=
M+^!]4:UE'H

U!GP_JFU.$8`5V$-Z
MBL8M7ZXZ2';\+&G#]`CXEE3K?3)T(CU08U-WC5`PM6]B!!Q2JFE.$7K[+KN-













MEDJN`G8Y-61UD


G@@^=..IL#1
C'`U6NKA7%```RJJF5#@%@EOJW[Q46P7`;^4QS
_BR#

M2!;U`P]6GP



O`Q22^.UH





*AX!H0?(FUER?Z@+4MZKJ-F_5

M8P0@M565MXH1'O60S







MZR[*(M\'2
9WH(WQW2M1`26BZ9G(!1:+W4C6G




M(\
;-$+(



?ES?/5

M


MJBJSS1E^1MUW/O7MC3L9(5G6D:;@64B$?&9/OTM.%[;``*!25?V:@
&^[`@C
M)'\ZTA0KTB@@BR::\'



03``/@JU5M
MFP&&F'X?9
+'


MX98`1.89*(


M3S\J0Z$F2.9WHBE.ME*6`C21D2T(J(9^84UC'ZU)@AR`MUJMI;ALEZ%J]#
MG@S?GR?'O8L@VGL!?H*D9R?:0F3WB[0%FK2MN


M`];5


C]7=!:`3VL,][`(/CF$7_&H#!Q-)\5MH

0N;(



#_JJJV$Q%(_K?3&O];N6:`436A)0L)0/:J:F\3';'#MEKS



'N2:#SWH`/RH


WK!_(Y[S7K21CV'..H`7AEU0(G






G.Y$6
E/[%

D.Z.OWYW11$IPFF(#$#[&2F.42@W8N/AHP^X+51CG2SLD+Z*

MIO

MG!JXD%Z&OJXK``?AJKA\YOU$LF_6

MA/G=P'K00SH=^IKRUQQ7^'U^V)U;OCN.V&S\XIU?&P$
^U4^WXV`/=&_UF
M=RCP'EH\BJ^B6)11F)
%OX[^+JZC

MG'O.[


M'BD.2.2()!F2_6G[7@/PQ:BV_7SP13IG^MJNMNA!;G&_D:`XV(OBLPS&KO4P
M!KPNJHV-G
Z-)(20EDZ``_TDF<K(L8@;!2C&+A##8`'#2JM4X6=T@'S4!K(J0C@N_A
M*4&;8S?:`+^
:B
S(3@QLY;+]4W&TS[_-+_3]?SZB$-Z9,9M..3J2UF'AF=
M=DAW87P^2_O8#'`^Z(:YR0AAG3!#+1?$VF
KNWXPEVD.98C#7#%J#8R@;3?
MJ./Q0H`AY='!SR'UYX].7-.[/$`Z8P;M7/FH)V
*--F:\.:RV+SH0$0/&Z$%



M42T6O`F/6R^(#X`_!J
4X'1TC_PJ`=_T(]
&V'R;MI'QM1!+@#5%
8X5']
MV)WS\[3[7N`:KSYFWGI.YSR'=?R.DYB0W9/\GOQAG0(#+0[!(ZE`)9+8Q=
78^^*::EUWQ9Z[GA/56MR'


MW(LYI`=BJ/V*R#[!4H3=BQ*L=\R&R6&DT


M3

MP#6C(L





[1R9$XN/E8(@D-M3^)





MRZ@




M=W=&]T





R@3P


-'N

3
30]D!69=






M*_P`NK&

MWU;?:V2_&^M(Z&AU)-203#U11
F)(I0GO.`@9PJN)/!#!8YT!'EW.@`5:J


M]OWJ[IE


M



-7





M1M5:GP&I2501+Q9^L






M.E&


MK%=RT
@KV?:%_.-M'RR[ES^`_(VJ
4\`QU4LU*7[[LZI/Z_BY898G^)05]5+


W
M.#FL0PY.U9PG@/7CUI\;8AV?0]L<G[@<U=1[[Y&U6HBL(&%D'-TBV-J^6
MW/890JY-U::G`VLE0%]4*K[QX]#U(W=6C66L7W-HMU^S4BG:G)HT4FJ@9T^V

.N315-/Q%W@*L/W-HY;7
`UZ%'*998?-T_J;67.D90OY+U88GAUW.]U;G
M`!UB/95#V^J%EFE`;\))1G'AY!#4[7Q9P0RUG4Y;.2ZM.9!O9IQ$K,H3\
MEJKU/B-$L1[*82,/I;FH$!B6N_$?-@2`#'GHVJG3PC&$=;9.&KD;#0;ZK$/


#;UY_(B6^`%KYOI2Q2'SJQ\DL;Z


M$NB0.ZICK--MW


M\@S%21QA^V!9]

+SXDB=^'*#V[\:]=G



MH#'D/5--]0GQ.
'ZR28'^
E


MP7J8)MH\3(H


]RI4!!






V1T?1$WV5T?I5^Q(D?RH&T`H42)HL?B;YCJ1?
M6K





X=&?

Q

$R[[U&S/O1SD5
M*'RD&



96M4RK
MT+H(Z=R-+YPPW#`MBJ)-2YZ)N!1(6+*VIXFLK9E)N9:$-FA4;$$:W
PP.B
M;E5]&X;'WD)FG3Z6O^UKXF_WR%.$B6Q'B@UE4;$_9%OSZU0?(G55U1M&R^V^
M1+M]+




ZR$M5AOU;#5NF8BX5#5M)RPC.7@@'#5
M@X*:*Q`W2%=Q_FH0*QF*H-[(0*EL4<-&(Q#XQLKH#)[E5-6S$<9VJ\@UA

MTJUZ7F@H+4`D








MVU`G)



+Z-$9MY4HN$2P++4Z#
M1?



2WE@6
LC^

:Q
M!Y
]0JL-CG-8-\H=3=`?:$15*P$IYV$`^0N4.WX2?)=1:

MG`XMXF`AUE\UBG&PP4M10[-L9S_6%-E6


MU+:S)E?V&.+_5;N8`);G!3^YPX3']K'M`@W?:51]?6Z
=0:



MM%ZM@K!L=6-:P$%)#*`'2@VDRQ$E.^4I!=.TF%E'$H1)\LDKVE@%328`PNP
M2WO`^CMU7]]XIMMW&CJO]&[-SS+WYF)_WX=1[$CBDZ=.Y$[*P46DO86`^@`









NS45(H#+-W9.3+=62K!COW?TV_9
L^_-F]U
MB+94U:O7ZLG6YY%R#P$[\XJTA.7&QW*2G2
GH-@GR`X&9LE&+TQ;R02+%F`!







M73DB[T-6%&+EN$RPEW7D^C2*.._[XOK2=&=D[K[3*';9C^6/+92MDXDC^'5;


OL=?S

9
B67.NT=FSG7/
MC.G8_



M

-ZGGHZTE=@
$GE28L6@U&^7/DGL]_M03XOU:CVX`WK_NHU<G^A
M=QH'04_=3S@%[*T3[

:Q#!`L$Z=7B.G#G:1




JV8



MJ+ZNVW58B5/


M


M@RQX[S1ORW:[Y/Q=\



--QQ.2;&P44Y`7X^'LD'3.[&

6D/G%)8Z9)*_(

M\'FQ##-#+.\_U


MRT0/=3'1=25+
/


=-L0C3:PJPD




M)$U@V:IM?GT=092[A!+@8REX4='+H!^=.6+;

MJW8\

M7.:C'







TJW+%`P7
9
VOR4AOI0I*OTD
M#Z43LH_8





?G!*:(%9VYY<'8#/YTYW[63;</*T2RP^LB?+F



'`S.Y5:'TD4B@&.;?VZ0E76\<EJPO(^
DQ]C*/8`@!`QA#A-(IE`


O6B((UOBW;D
MR'Y

H&5O
MWO2M*TS$JCF;0]PL(#

8



M_KS

U*Q'DFE!-
M9A(_6=#1T,A[:-,+6KC^QG'AD0RZ\:`Q$KE8K


9&^.H4)_\XB!


*3S.QI?!R%U7_V+-?O;


$
MYZ4HPI*_W4;D;[


M`M&S%-'L@Y]..?T8R:
S



M%_)S

M4(



MW


M6+'YAV'M.2#G=#L5%-N!!@)95T[HB\J#?W?C-]:39TSC#R:=+I&/-0\YR*6K
M6M86R&&]M;T6KNK@T


MMG#3_D:]^32Z#R^/0X=;QI?L_TYSV)!]%#A7JVI3#.K)Z&AQ9#E3+.5#
M$#X&F48D'X5



RO


RV

9=&%DVFD*-!
MM::UN
-Z'OHME&$Y




K+


Y
M9\GOBOB-Q3C8'I#?Y$@'/2

M?3,JI4*F=2@9%CS*!\^ML:[#\S9[/7`_)_J(C4]GJ(;;SOR

MT

MS\3;Z!4:0OX9%:S:7J'SQ1XG\Q#KJ!EJR!E66ZHFD^SY]9


XP?IDABW4.CH
M-[C#_X(C2\\\NL

-VW135






N




MN&Y^L+5&+G0765&E/3P2UFTW:N2V:[#2UQ8MA59R-
N_MHA
A'Q4JNH-P@#K
MI!JUD$^N


M;J&I)6D*G:QQ$2=ROYVTMP@UD%=+-8T]J

^Q




8N'W$!RQC+X2$5&B
M#YMY0AXVSWN9QPQ$&ZN6L08S6!)YW
+=#R1\^*4)D9.8NWFE=V+NLB%#R@M(


M*EY7]F51)BMU5








TJ$)&YOD@Z5H5#_)'D#D$\SC$?(IJ
:U'X]8

MO_`?5V@2G667&LH'(&R7L%HGZS^_?A?.Q:[II\L.97)S(*X(SCBD.24N;^C)
M


XI+B;R@)N5AH?*Z2':=T7



Y%92+6


M
_/0@5Q$JHGT0T=4F+_W*=L\//\
2L&#=1%-&KF(=*QPVX+66./$+
/1Q4X3
,/
ML+(U^$-ZG\0`QE8^&&_-UCXQ!F&#
:2#6




MT%.P4A%WQV/-F^
.R8R+`;1LLIO

H'MY*+/K\U:*SN(M$]F.
M+%Q/7+_TUSSZQ()9&B!\`1-HMWH'R^1V=
7[EYGZKL+

M@RT^_[
.W6CNSN0^I]2T6)*THX$DA03(7F+Q'=G^TKQ)(5Y3U6T[)L7RE9T6







*D)9LGYNZ85T\2W[*DI_A;S[
M33]6=):X/5ZR?)HBYC]YE




9
L
#8PI1-]E&@VTW
M9T&45$=



$*+@WP7[

?X`L!\TE*-%E4+B*_K/VY&\DZ

M[9+L^2H


$;;A\LW&VE_!\)/-X@LAXU6!VX0E+U7=;

M-H\CR

M45AB:\/H

0?X0
MHQ`^#!'C6+!Q@4AIU5;VP`A+2/=:R).
A=64R


6M0N#P@U4:
MB\(SY2^YBF64](4LH67N;?PB`J7_^PA':O$:'=Y'Q56[;LF)5%YDAB-RTC
M)@)YS&
!8F]5]9O$`I:K[;60`J



M



1AU-9C(4$/A59U

3XJ/%83UY.-E^NOA*/)]L_P2_`*2



MH

M@Y^E(
'Z&`8::B]6R%%K2F#MS-L:(OY5;;=J:RSK/VBA&,-V_/YP`M^GOYT
M`/D-5

MBF.'[
7#U)-NOZ;[?C7G@09Q+
;@%(')=-4_[
%2X0
-=1?K(B)I1_*&


MY%TH^8=B.-4D7+XXL2$?7(_^'^2B_AW04RCRS6]IB_AV@DWK,MD#WQG.=0
M5SW*)M*E*![\;3C(
IF(YH2U)VD'PGM8-(%!I*AJ$+/XP)*DPQ9(TD.A\O_A

M4JE##53J(=#AC0GK1

MP[]]W0.'KD5P@-A5U0YFX(!E6(=M))IAHPC+39=Q8;B'55368&.5CF=:B!

M

M9XH9002P:@\4.)Y_!CLZ_

?A-^IX\=N%PRM71_%S2/WY(Z]5.?UP

8@@26`QRT$X#:$R+?*67N
M+A94Y+IF%C8M!)2NZ86B#A6K7?X=91W&DY?Z7/PV

M?4S8YV1HD0-@#-&\JE:UVQ'+Y8Y;X')+[/I;Q89@(8H()6]]P`'@`8MSO$

M[9=8%MIQ;

`Q).J!CGB&?-\';%/HN@BX'7
Y

MEBC%QKM




E_R2I-]:
M](X#I:@X)8,B^0SQ0ZW^I:AJ;)M^;M[
@)Z/2`%!?&^IP9%4HAB@OL%1

EI2L7CAN2=\=;



MY5593%=

MR0L+N;[CSUS^Q*0&B`5K
T`$`ST]XU!TL5B`/VK-^X-`=?WY+4I!;D@_+Z



DO`Y7%PS0H/$N%Y\O(KFZ_8BKD
M0K8HNG]2OH[S4EQ^$/-_L'6?Q

I-[WZK-3P?B

M(V=%2N1

MZ\%F`G=.YNM0G-RD4]
-DC7EC1:@D=PI#I9R
0NI)]8W-XK6%MQ.**BXB)OC


B`1W_HBE.




MB]&4P!UVD(]WOU@74JQ@

_\

`@<OQB-WSD^@4:YES*Z)7$

MYY&?
/];$(9\TI^#U*



M++XG3JR`Q.#7B:Y0'F\+@!@[!`@=.:J*H2]`C$R9TE$'3&D+;+0N![XA@RD6



^'G]3?A$#N$

4^AC[.8#
%$_^0\R%[\(IH'TQ&70


MRG:TV!KWAE0MN\=^G'7/[QUC+P*GOP_A(UDR(F&+Q97-



MDU

M'^(W=?F
.LC*?3H27H



MW@@GPN_+6[\2+:*C^%4IM$;#;PD-HH\



*Q2#68S-O'AR/5

;HS(4?O'FHYO5X7H)M9
&?5Q!ZG
SXF]SUM9QFGIFWQ$
M3/H5)D417W1Z!BFF:O
K;
8)^2

S4.M91_BI



ML)\;AR?O_V&)S__8`)V_63H'@0I7=]\L4S?V-;)$2MJ/77)&-Y$U1YM*_T


%@@5#KDM@-OG.[)5U;I_










9KG+P2
ETAQS:%=


M5!S.P0U9I#B*N(#@


$O*44A-3P'

MAT&FHUE50;8O7
V,E[\WYX
3CAC3B9\!9.-=32W4F&[#W:X<9

MKVN?NM3YHU0!M\:O1AB%(+:76%W1O?`S=5E=6HBR-IAG%=ZGT?LUJW_7E'?1

-@T

M'C]'O)U8TL([1Q-VBK4_`]_R&C3_\Y_J7.]J6!RNJFSK?+1LZW!AOW?]1G




MOY(OF1R;/Q

G757MJJT]N-=MIK_/4/


MZA3(=!XT57PN@NS*U!%VU4$^'QMXPSJA(1C1FH



5WU5JTGG3:2^D=HG/X_(*]TWB15

MJ5OE)AZ=*XZ.&S5#C7`=-=T\58[!]S







T+

MW^B\9.J*=P6#^^=X+PQ

(!

M/@=5TW7G0^VS5:;O#3U5.$#?FQ1
T'B;@D'ZAX[&
:61D1O0
?10X0!.;%5U


&0

H&#SHX\F``BM.WJF#Q

+!QF:3LY@C\+^_:-%1QJKHND?+::$\:`1










`-0VP+$33M'1!#'0NIBJ$W0)B2CT-;
M%;$;H@!`\`KTPU!'


B381:.

ZG]`II5A



MWX/\35G442



MC]^LSN?


XYM]'$


M03#4GJ'E6=Q\]SYXC8*%Z8!YI_


:
M=D[8%G53?_0T#DH5FX``U3C\6X`X^%*4J`3`M#4AOF8DO3_$FJ&A$4K]$U
AT&'O1Y6RMEO&5:\8<0Z%1VR'U;(A\)
MS3?Q6)HB\$4#!VPSG6-#Q59KP&-M86[!8I(Y_@=+GM@]K

86/!9[

BQ^C
MX%_

'1%+IG+]D'R!:R%TVFU/'$0JQVUXNC

O]$_)IR]1
+7'WC

M+]*7#@



K7@9SDZFQ)RV!!0@$WA'R[&



MY

A_M8&`P=F

M
;#5W

^@%'?C-Z2?`T]/2]/^(-[XL111!B<
M`^+]^0WX'*(X(UQ]LG#
0IUUV


MPSMZI


577MK4X?V

.P4/;MG].FY/7?G6/@]`D<FI)/^C081!-U#0KFC
7_3:VE0BUZQX:Y'?PO=,'*'9<QOSA6%9D.]YY$//[#5.HPW
M\






20:L0!SJUQU


MV%;ALH6#JES#%6I6ND

QH.$)
M-8)HC85Z


I:5&0YH&)*0W_4=I!L0*1L?XFQ)1'J`

MPT#'+JJ+WCL
3*G'02/JD5L@#_%A(


BX

MW3^-`A:R!=EJXIT#&CZE)W*6=33G3006K&XW*'E(RT
!*QFJL$`J2[`NZA

MU_G



M6$VZC)-
`;4I6#BV0E:=
J#Q[56LK`K9X:R*;$VCOD&;3



%05@:L^L]@'@9PLSB]HX<A.#+E3T<6^%/M#J?


_T[U`
^5O1XWXV]
TTOYIE+PM

F#*W(PO
[8%Y''WY1;/^
M1:UC;=7%[E34IJ3MJ`/2]@31;[__*[SV6A2`COI4Y=(:%86I582Q?H(ZN`%+


MJ@JB/TR8


M8S1





?\JL)M7[PJS_*$W5+




3-0I8S*AJ6U&O_]L!$QZ2J2]ZUS$W9TDD';&DC#/!7G?$7G\N^X*-2


JPQFK;QQLN/D3_Z8)(AIQFR0D*9\F$]:L

*G`I4%2<$^3\/?YM/3G<B86D
M!J=.JCKT7!9VPW-@90]2Z^(*.3/14;J&/I#AD-.VE$P[;3F$T1(J.R^2^H

M(@9IOD%8(MX;CZ!CBP1BF?,Q+'5@(^?N:D=&RPBH/6D/R6AWS_P*)X+`&!

MX]/QL

LI;=T


MA^QF47SV?&?9/;@_[ME+]H$/]'.OV$V9WHF%R-X3YE
F[Y9-02
4C2\(;T[^


]L*X]K%93R
M`@8I_([B4]\D00A*TW?Q)Q5'&8E7UXVQA

?K#NPS.DY9

LQ36U&_#4!VS;]QXDC0

Z`

ME!K

\-EF71*(T/K=`S0G]2%);4P(D:BWD^

^.17!P8;GK


-O8^5?HNR;!A-+L11

M





M+
S1\0-3*


M]@4CXKZS[&9Q3U]NX6`;WU/GF=A?







'QJ6%ZH&M9KC/8U5TOR!R`((C$#$$

M4Y_%90=Q_FTP
_YU
/D_\/G&


MID3PI84`\=.FI-
4V-YQ?:$C;%4Q](2'*U.&]JJ#$/-F^/AE.-G2'(LXP9
J
M:49%[EM

MCYX6YD#D
/W#2

Q89$^O:5YWWQ$24M+K*,+?W11%%4![8JW*%S95Z6TO^T@?

MRZK
'

^YIR^B0&J6\J6=

(]3Z]%&N.O10J
O;@RI:BO+%#49YEQ`:_Z8!CF6@R'

PUBJC7U['8L:Q



MY!
LW1&0&%*-.






%:SK=
MBFD?VR-

.^+L#(C[IA1?A


@0FLBZ\$T:#COM3



MIFB)J01'VS8!N*J*1=XI:0P`:2
]/JRLS0YW].@Z`)4(!2KX'TFRD:FK'/B^

F_H:A#7]#VUF6M#
D988?


`LB








DD*
DB

9MBR'3-/%&U3+(BV[DSN+H+GJA4C*<4'DYH(IT[A05!F?[N#SM:W)LZBL9

62
7JUID
`?MTG\%*1`RAP!
M@ZGK8MS(=='`6F\SR^K03*WO!0G*#A=H*0G6EKT$&?'BU*5T;&.=VT&5D1O0
M


M/K
M9&R#6WW(TR!B:7K''M'P_

38G]L05BO\&\RBS'11=2


M
?XG:K']\RBUEFBB:C1JG\=-='Q^.IB=RIJ4W9^T@$[?X+HYUP]K-9Q)&-Z
MNIB0VLDX!;Q04E);HSKG/PPI]B/-
-@T2MJU@'HI]3^@?T!_EIX
/(4%E

ME$B?6#2FT^O/)N*/8GL*C)]'DJ,Z))/=%Q[:IX6F-F+KZ#@86&S1Z.**W7

MQ2%3.8#@W.40!
?`
/`-D:/TCQ\=0:Z*R17\F!+GDPX*%)CAZ1K23\&GOLAZ

M

2
MIR)4`3XR\ZPX6.H7X!)Q7)C[$0IY)UD@F*SB,1S8MG3<N2K<OE!F2IM/&M'F
M3;:I1M#ZL@NF`ADJI/I'A(XP5P5A`1'H@PH\^(Z&%?D]K*]R)B:<N93['N
MS:9VVJ94]93[$_;M'253'3NMJ5OE)@2UM


M3=A3$.=IN)E'$5]^[UC\YM24_IY:H+]/FM%V


MN?\A-_NY.VVGD^[

M6
*3W;



^7VX:SG+AS7/QM


MS?.(Q0+ZB2SGB3#P5ZL$/YOO

MG@[K1;(09YN+RW;]C\:[O(?W31=XWU$CE!7^T]/LBCF33JPS^5V1_*:*!.



*8_`&8[`3L;_;0Q

O800=12\UP4C
M*:8S^?&WU0=R-)DI(SNV`$DFS@E3F8P.:+FP9+NAD+7TP(X0DD3R\]:7H_




V=JO9_*,-AH@,%J^-.@2$'*5U`<G$*3COR[=T<V]$
M@`JSR?0$`H[4$4QJLXDZ'&)PQ?
5+5[+=$`S=\S4WF_WZK`O3Z;1K$LW3V20
41]0I;M@L:?^<1%@YYA/O7;SHW<GJW40:W\/JS2A%4;H/*G]G/!Z&*)2&
MK/C.I4G!YS\?I0G

_P



&X
M93T]U.V4QK=U7J!;W(^O./]P+2?X#C^#MC*5J6;1J1AL%R1B=/D/5S7_`F_
M2JRMP.SI+Q
EP'K):@WPSM3$%7JA\;CLQS=
2S=5AP\(D.+3RS_SP?=T1?A
M^BT9T!=
/`BOX`

YG_:G/!U-X

]7MDB8W








AC.8(S/'5

MHCDQ

M8UP1T7O6G052G-DSVN


@N=CZ[GG












LU9;)
MHVFE$C


M

2DY-V&5'Q)DD%@1#^3HT2BW?XPF%D1LFM


?/KH6$'L1L-B%-CP:VPW?#F_B?_F
M'U4IU

M/



M:LQ#;U788GZ.ENE!];)='/F
]VZ.VN!ZNKN0ER;U$GH&VW*\9$Z#F.DHJBC1



MM\NH[AD)6?CQP)B[3]'%7URLPO=K/AC/EKW!P1QBAGJ*C-EQBR5R/1-Y\?.#

M
[#U10%V=K[3KEN$F:L\S!R(%&/ELF58^7)TK/21;WA6F(@K`YG4Y]K7%B'G


B_+LVGU\I8T:.:Z_Q2J?.U_6.CZ*D(.
ML@,_^<T^A.)?:ZG:G\U!V+$;O8!+&!152&B7U%%'?1GC\N1RTNQ^K%T*$&U4
M5O3AXB0CJYV1@`+4;M_M'S'B:9*[.^UT2X%<`X+%$Q5)8XX@+A8$^4Z_L


M%$=WL!^O&YLCD:6GL8*6VI5PKF&6SO



1)=CB+FFJ7PLVB.^HN



1MI7
X*B\Z&<)Y@(*?=&8,<Q^D_E^PXY+)\#/6RK?14H5T!0
M?JET:(Z([:XA:@3.'/<BPQ1A92#GM-)N!-JI)B<D#7-$8[N)C=Q(7@C5(1?
M60[MIAWQTTW%&#Z4J]TE04?/50D?D3$)Q;1K
6
PLG%H([)0\I
)Q8XS)L0H
[[D]6J$7(0(&:L2#9




9.`N51:@L`C0CH`M5'253$$DV7M]1Z5L#,=0\,%R7^\

MZVD=X(S]S

X5[WP





SYF5\F;WO@;6VQ!*

`R7ZNSYUU1+JEL=`696?I0DEW
M:HI.!*CUKFO
+'P;H6KS$W=XK8^Q:S2N6B5#1!LC9$C]G7.#*0/
%JY]T9



M+L\+`5(UTWWKQ3*18VX4W]/]9WS93OD*\UP2(&0+0J]N\;G_\H(F*+WF5^:[



M$I0H4


MI0P)$%(@;Z\Y

M3V9H7G%
168C9)-I4[T^/C:'MX!+''*I1@P$%R@]V9QIY+N-?0EPGG%TQEY
M/*]1C??XD(FOLD6.7\8YS6X$@@B4F6G.5/DCJ4@O(CPS=SHC1H!W1^M5=1-:
M@V@)4^:

\+;ZD8N\`4BPOW%..L87/
MT94-#O3T[K7)Y_(N2I
Y-1468WCPN_#MPGK7G-


M'`L@:*8T':TKTLL!S1DT?X!65!7%P?CW_1.&1N7Y4$'YPFAF9?8@\
GG9HI?




--53M?#


NW).(LE,E\HSDYLFY[ZR5G-K7`5%V-
.]9;TAXLK7




MDFI3YIC(N`Q[UUNT^=$
CW&=S77J1WSK^DCG,JQ'!:AR(TI.TQT80-TU[NK
M^5$CP&AS74^INPU$?S]UEG3TC-GYE/3-D-RDG!*$@D2D#3=0&3XVNUYO[
MT2=2[Y3
[87'X`.

M






MYD(M@0:&;-B/(THA&QFQY=NW&E?7;VLZD=8#CUG?DA_0M(J-KLIWY*O:W=^#

3@?OJ0G]GEKWJ_@G14
M&K8W23IFY3




3C0^J&+V[I
M

[AMH5W2'9






6/:QZ

(BRW7^AX-AG3YA:?(33O9^62ZY:03RRM
QMX*-&



GI

D<J@'<_)[C*ML]
(U

'+`E)X^]


4RROBITF%(VCL
A%/Q0
M$UT1?E3#\Z\



\U




M[G2R5#TB;W^T'Q!'M[0C*
4]UC[&5]51:!4OT





M-EZ\-=@?/T9!7%WL*ON/)/_A`L!&
Z.C_S
*)Y5/A=+!MC['Z4$HPF/
R$W5
M:Y=0]B]=?V:-LXKN:#2N-X4&(MD3&R:3&#HD\AU4W_?^+LEL]

M\!@S4:=M;LED_UKQ)]:U

493<EQ=#9V<(4(G-L28:<?9
MEW:8,*.5\,@J]U8-F.:JH9KOQ_%Y5X,<9Y@@ARDE9DIQ_J44!IPXMXIC:)3
]+^DU80)V,,]9UOIV?X^3GQE+WZIG\5Z+
M/%MD6!H'\]Q\CA.OJ]&(<V0TPB6AYOKY5?UAQD:<8NH_$P(+UHTUC[
9!QX
M5V
(Y]@8`IH

+-QZ%V-%IPKK]%8




M\778F!/;ZY

PX67J%W,H0-EO?'H

MWLKUJ@&EZI=ROO0


Z2U[+3\/0UB#_*?[@I8IDU9S(%
%(F5/ML$4U@N($CB(/VH_ZBZKF'G'$G


5^U6WE3
MRE!PVGWIC7_#J




MRXB[UB_?XQ%62-9_RM=!P!`T)IQ82L3@*!2.^;3O/!:S6%RI.B94=&)!:;EG



MPI;K7#J9YEN!?H.FE





!/M_!7%^7@#.FT`13_#@Y(!2CUC'#0)*E6'?6










MCVGRRM*\?



'&)'W#AQ*Q1CJ/-LR=[NR:I'+^TF25DXB2^+E+.:
M;P]I$&=\4;

M=^8H3C+!_XXH]3H1$=XN;SJ$,X%TFM%4RLZ;._R?
+9^U%D+'193*%(Z^J

L'<A6]LO0X8+<.8
M*3A(0D$_+%

S@MIL@#MO9;OFQ_L@&/55'YP8*
M

@ZC/&R4_\M7S:A[.4&/16RLXFPK[33C;=YZX4QDD:YA_S\X8
M8T\XAL


@N@YT+\]




HI#

M[[O^F;Q&09ACHE;K/^7KH&T1B

.)!'`B!

MD#%N-`]U!YO-E)P(A$X!/;N
C+(W!<=/Z[WCIN%@<4O]6R1RZP9



O)H]^319_LZ]AI\0&E$\YW99H.NC
^GKK(Q!RU*`NT.[+LKOSDILB+
ME#U6U

P$\WTT!=%=$4M'TBOW



2U88

_DK[$4AQ
(2KK\(
M41/\'I9$.W0C)*%


9Y!FDP
M8K`:G!6T_G-8/:&(C3W]Y3(N@4Q!@.?GVV4R_3F[B8%M`J0:^N/\Q..^[=N0



M8?052P





9E01D;








$PB=RSJ
MBL4-9)$J&58\K*81)*&C?&1T5U)XP3L;2GH
W_K'L
0IBK;1AA@




N2I2R(
MX%E4L#[_2-)H]L<


=P[!'ECU]W)YGGTZIW'6R$7_\N9A.@S3\FXT6
M[*V%V]C?K:S!;\;*EB#;P$I'GG=HPT4;;FM.IVUQWOBM=F;$#/X(L@@MMG
MSR^








M-@IS^)


`?XXGO)U\RI'3](`<:H[#UY'





M:D(*9







B2.RM;0:3])K*TOZ0P`2O;@*[&LK2*


M(V22_@K2T7






@H]



M

T
MY/W/`XW_J81&X35B9X+GKM)GE6KP^(4BF+;Y8U@

RGTZ&9=O\-%A2+
7D#-
M^^/R?1_

G?H4=W!V%
W\9L/&;@J;*8:;T8


M1TR4/:;=1(^Y/JU%332@
%



M'UB^]NE!&L09_QZ70.!G!@R=/2:)2^HK\X2M?17(0\@M1O-3EG]LFU!?Q:RE


#

QV?]XO$-Z%6;#*
G`.\=E
M


MD.L$B6-/=BI9'HL0UD2??6N:68NF[()`$IGT;!!HQT:G*`C9;WKD7Z&I

-J1W=PN8^X&:35^N/+E(UN

%:27


M!4S95(:4/`PR$S&=8`I[K9.A-I=Y';57_C





.=T2+ZTG=H9!+F^;)`2V-9;P[D
MBSPA8+(8T%/OZ$A1[E[ZQ(V8GGB
;`N75C6!*/(L#^)1&$]LX*W/`3@)6%\&
M+

M'8NWSUKF))[

2G&F!/<;7(NV'Q.H$
G9J8Y,IY,;U_]T8`1BZ8$<<&91PUX%1*'9TQ*@3NQ1@B\\ZZV\_R(9Q
M-)1RA7)ZRV5.`XVX+EGFEV+P/;0#/A'447IZL&`C%`83

`





T!#+^LMI

M:`5/

W%L-%I36;



`ERH%Q/TB@U+


MX8





&#DH9OUT\]CG;;)[S
M9/B7(53



M#

M4\










MNQ[M3D4\Z0HZ7NEW;\0



MZBH+B[




M


M!H5F
\0UPN&S)K:[V^P24G]\'Z1_L?PQ#8?L/HS#:3%MP[A6?`X(LD
YH'/%

?BYZ*'O.*A^K8_]3<I5#)?CNA$AP5Z_T)


M2W19!

M@/*$7(16Q
K#AJ*B]==UPQ;O4_CT%#3W45%W;S`]-EQ]!]+$.^0?E


M=VT@N7Z'/^KV)=PD@)10T8@SULEUR8@N'?=ZNW@$^GR(J5P(_PJF#6C]MWS=
MDS2:%K,JI\:8I3)GBLU7UB69Z&
MPWSV,OGW.,RSI^?O**51C@5<A&IK6V2=7'\P!!+Y_-OM'W(=I'$83^`QP9(
M?IOSKJ\&VWA:
@RH3*+UYOHN9R%0RY25V%4Y,C^?PUG!5H0M!I6(:)A]O`
MIW!VM2#D)-)'O3@/1T#[\(T]LV&1AGG(LNOW853P?0D:




8MY18A+.XVH9A
M:&=4RV8#[-V(4QXKXY1VL+O]:$$+:N`QLBF
?MN-4U?!PD'PSCP_<[I8
MR/)ZE(=%.!S3RJ=4:+]@X2=ERO?Q_LKQ







]#C_@1F#+?)P_R2&P8?

M-M=Q4GAELUUN'GC
6`@75]7'V

M`?)NU[U960VWWU(27I.
7?!F4<O
XHHD/=3$RLH+4_.3U

0-@)'2J



MSDW

9A/G.'
M!LD]&X5#+@F/7+R&:5BV7;Q*B\GL=SC_TFYN@-H99U/\1+E+.LRUH:
%E:UI

H7`IBNX`D]#^#MB(M:

;R#*JQSK/X6%=

M
HG#OTMS:V9GU7I.\96D+

?*




P?];/7UAZ


VKG'L
]\_VH/$=RS+&ELO#2KEV/.`C9%S9\$8NXUCT;ML0^WJ2




.[R*@@V/B1QG9.]\;A\


M2[_SCJ+/;`)KXQ3XQI))&KR^A

M]_F.]B(BM;[`&L$O/F;_:![G
YH5:$$H+J)A&2;
9P._[N!T[]1J03T\!@Z6




M\L#RYR!25MQ@AL/.1L]WPM!8;

M!8DMB
?_\1(.7ZZ#X4N%![:_N??$TO-9;=PKZR*WVL(T])7@9;T?$L,^^4'
M2+ND(N&Z4C&X?/H?;69-*/D4UIQ1F%@(_+'8KMIO.?B];7J5Q!$#JK0Q.9
M^8U\XR


MZ3EU#@DX]0:
5#D83FCA*VWO03$./?KKW/5[96G^\1@%92W8]7^+\-6DJ%X_
M`2`DX$4;
$

[LLE`=I/')74%N//U4=OA\8+FJ'





_5./!0S+]491\HL[
MVN4;+3

B50@5`XS9:+



3
MLJ=[[694/+H)PA3`LJSV5

]WBV![G-51\5VV



OVL2J$G`[0$PI$



A9.%9*#=]

MQ[0-8I6H-]Z'L!+*5CQJ5&4KZOR-R[I[W'@-8L+;EDE#)?=$00$$H'&5*
M?;D,*\!^6G'U&]:7Q1*8

M#_C_O[]^&#SW;R[[]X]/U[]=/SS?_GY]^\#_\]K14^5E#O(RF7(T+RS.PC=6

MHD


/D+5U
/V
'TE<J?%NL
M//#9O5+&OF4Z];<D&O%-8;Y3].-:V,3YWM[TLT!-(F:5GN?F^[DC\OC*\FU/
MHPA:3*ME/A73KCAWWKA@OK6K2Z8?Y!2DT03Q^<F6F1)F


M!YJC?FNS*1EQHWF!&B$BF3L&






MR7=-E&[79[6H8$[[=@#'@'/]^#*93I-1F'\\)EE87B]:-H]AHQLN

MLTEY8^.5&P$YW!%


MX)OB?9#^-4C@_[




M&M9[
`$/'H
/$UF53`$+)Y0]D)
6*:IJF-V.JS0V2CVFU9:KN?AX@
H#AK@P



*F8?J3QO=U:7%H
MWUUDZ(9/#47ZXK:[]:

MQ.!7XDZ.^60`AJ1'OTYN)W*\!/P5J2\)ZRY`8
H)N`?H4))A.@!$
HRP3G(W
MLER#OO1_(;2[*XFTI`7-TFAH!9S
;A'),3JP3W(DLUQ!W^STC5Z)\X[?

MVR4PE&XN*J@I/H.Q`'=+NDX]IN?=E



THP[8Y%%!UY=1K@YUFFKU&-:IQ&S=R85=6Z!K5O!H#
M7ODTS+YL#@54)'

R:O)!P(B0K%T!/'E
F`FG<BS@(AG'DK)`+I\8H+2NTCH748^F
M;/76MI%DBH8`I*FJY3@<H%4X*.5='`NAQZ#(HN^Z$:B*!G%L1R2#&](R2Z7


^@1_TY

EG&\O*B;1C\#*/23)QQ?-2/G]BP2%-N
M-%\$68@E0*.Y.5V.
7#C9B)$/\&)%EP%`4&X\![J57M0P%9Q=!Q#TS]OS
MF#`I4D]F+H+$5S
_D_\6D[)K[\-`44(A=A?2@=#/MLA(2GEW24A/?#[&LP!6
M!_
M38I7OM9%8&:1&;T
7LO`TQWR-D[3Z3EU*#WTT[H8(/2[&24I5(N0E[GC

((-

M]+J:







2LDM`(J=L`1F(#=MR'EWYE47]P<+)[@(
M;]PXFK!ZZ:8)-L4T'VEZ[5*EBW1#U:F6+1[9%#;,<D'\:XB(FG`,X*T

T1<O75?',AVA([.`N?;I'QB#%
21X;TG4
MJXF!(L3

M3
;.=DC&K(PZH8Q=%VGX
TDONT]*E,C=65%R!EJ/R9D`6GI*M8UDQ@SN3M

M



2O*TXR%LV@4C
M[T1IY&%AUM]MV`UY.W5HW7$BBC.(2W/E+'A&4P#`+I@X9W*+3QSM#
A/-TA

DRRG$U?H^2C_@_+Y@2]+NF;/0;Z+\Y9)3
M=






M8U)W^TV+G=UB2(7TY

M(175Q




M5F+T


L%WJ&[\2/F`)R$@@\V/#(Y8N44H%ET
MU!K7S_9)90ANC`AX(&,(NN/2ZO&UFN03P6H24?NY9PRD7$M`2AL[!Y%@%2\
M:6[;WP1A^GL0%6RVWM*F?TJBZ9)?P7IR)@&V(F!(J0C1%IFFNB&(55H:@H%
MF3D@91SUAGD11-Q+M*X'R_7;%Z,*YD($!,RDQJSSD1G-#2A:3B1T!%:)TT
MKUS_+



$
.H#5(18UZ-\DO]7#$'%)!



MD`JT



M1-II-FBVY*8H[/5+4A$?&I+*0\YV]IDF6/7%R':?@*B[U*B\ES\3
+1Q]/
M;


RL4NZ\_3
(B^!6%\
MQ]EK5]5?GP$P[H*S?6SH;



T/

'<
M9R-)GUXZI8:2YAR3'QPV=*!@#OF4!5H%)NV]QDI0





MT3HOJ)A)8GC-L#]^8/ECV4(V'

MCKFJZ*KH0




E.CH2XFL.4+JL8JO]?[^EURYH;F
M-,!,I0@G89&




R9_KW
M#
H-KEC.TBFGT^RWM:;JG[/8-]G.PF?KCNE9A/F''-68;_3\11]2D+1Z3N





Q%'U*0NT;DNVE_NE=#?2AD?-
_YG1(*6V^3Z
M


M\/Y4(3%200-_-2N4^@79\-!]9=

MZLME$@%R)I;'NR:6/HM(@-;YQS
;%FF8\T6A!%(\)`0BK7H*X7126\7=T;




KL
V=*!@=7F4!4X$2K'?
MK5S5.3P@9)79\

G@4;@MX==5)
M552W=DOB\(0L6C#(Q/W7$X!M*^S1M1IZ1Z![5[-^:4D
5@PA\3R59AMW_/

MI-(7@Y1;!9QCV07+?S$6US+35;]
8]3:&8$&A$Q_$[Z9:`R6#A0(%N5?U(W
MBA^+=/@29Q[#B(&Q0G/+
^CJC+#&+!J



(SQ
SZ:^CIRKAC3F[

;=RV

M[.`:Y^$AH8R1#3\0$B[%+9+G#ESC+*.?O:@4-GBB_B9)5TVTSWB#\]!G
SJ?

'R;N.<I7')R`REA[$Z!^'




)%HT`2R:0-3'AM!8



.&@B
M^T;$H+#YTQ



N;






O09C?SRFR5L(59#Z:B:;Z0`0X=-7?+FY(5@25UKF
ML9G7)(58#3+4*1L&-5PD7JA=7V`M0G7Q
?M'LVLZZ!DY#4[I.2$R5BEB*=;0

MQ-Y87+!O$#5Y8-IS2S`$4-`+0F((KY!7.4X2F_/VY--GJ^]Y`JQZ$`F\&MW=
ME



M4?^
]NELQ2A8'@%WRXZH$CG3HFVV86Z/


P\U'2I1X

!=+_@T/+
MLE9




%4T!%`0`8

GI/=4PGMR'[^6%S-MX
MDK)1J$VH(4;R99[1



`RBE?K0;RR9I
'K2SCL

Y^%];



_U
M?XOPC5L$T)
AOPS2].,)[\'4:$+):#F`)S=@64?)$;3R:H&[P%\SFLJ9
]

M(V2F_0A0JEL1@!/U
\Q.R5*O#_A2

C9C!:7F'%^F8
M:BB@ZE9(X$3WTK(6;+V*H;DYM]WZAY7.W,MFW!QH6;5Q_1[FETF69\MJ.P(


;L@K)T)
!/R
MXDQYI0B%&].`PK4V7S)PZ+6AEW1]=\CF#)@I.

MN


D!




$X;BV!#2


5Z+:T^?1^:I9


2[ZC

MI4#E/^]W&[]Q5.45G-OX7TD8Y[_S/Q?\2\M
7_VO9VF:BR3?/YA;%\EK+Y




MX7'@\XE`S2(W_Y:QAV*:2_29&I.%9IMPALM#\R$!3I@G9XE!F?KP]*EH9J



&[(1L
]Q%.,BC?]5Y:6/\@N&/\Q




4&+%ABM6


M]T^2+NC7X-RR'DT(E()=[!Y%@H9'*:B(==(8Q0/%:J+[3B(?@U+(=0ZD1$
M*K%XR+%0N#KBTP$_]6FU;Y2ZF+5A6AD%6`A9\C9\4%CV2LPD;'RWO#RSN]3K
M5A_OD+WS-GX/1P\E1T!)9;G4R7!1.%(=\.CTE$`566_XWR+DINY5^;K98_D6
M+W:+%PP%5(0


P]=

LKKY5D)S_Y=^IW9K#V6QIC7JI\2B7*J*D7R1D0^Z#B:VEP
M/.=!FN^`)YY=/+-1?,H!N_3DV4)X=-:F?JD3P.O9]A+OV['TV_&DU_TWH
M

M]C+BE
I217339
2/SSYS1MRN*+2UC#BEZDT1J4PRXB=$PO=-Q..$5D;\A)+=


T.\2VRZ
#K-3@E(RQR[Q8S`@T(




MB]&=D_(!@(`MZLD+T(GUO&0R)DXX,[AV8E'^2KK+@0*T\Y5:^K#8+W*G3`





?


M:$C`Q$




MMUT`L:04
2-L:TI'



&+B\O.;*$F97FVP\H@J66;$VZXMS?]
M+%3B%&EY_GV,O5KY%E0;6B400M)O-DL3-=
R0*Z(%-W@Q<$L_;I%,NY(EP*[QV,\5LXM%E,]TP-
MD

*Y&


+C^6;$1M8/6?PJH)9'$Q

M/N)P1QFJ0




MVV
#3(3
?#P7K&S_&5I?18H=DW6/23#5IO;70UG!]H02JSAN6GG+^,ITJ2
MX3/IE;O:)#3;-A

1!&V?]T
-Y[M.?SO6@E

DI]SS4!32%M0$X9CCS%EY*KE;X$L+UD@/:D6OLAI



!IX89=C;1&1Z*N/P=&S@;K
M3LK(+0T`.Z$443
..LLES:C2H/9(T.W!0T*X;$NS3`1?9WDX!1HLVB3VQ^7O


M`3\=[EG^DHR2*)E@:W2VL`).XW
H5RG`M.FAL3M-O!WD\C^AZOVCE%^!1F


P6\LE
MW;&LBF_-LT=_A/G+2_4
77G%L

M^;HL?V!L5J


J$PKA.1*:]1+`!1=U&


?9]
BW;
M#\4Z$&/?U2<-MAE^3H]9F'/K&,+:U^^O85K.L*TM7_M]H\!
TG)_/9.`2QY
T`_
MRJ?)?JNGB8P<]BVW*9\F'8Y44=3`\KQJOU6XU4R<LSTY-3':4)#
(DE0-R]



7BC)LRGHAHM!BA/X`@T%)06

44WCKJAH1TNG*]Y
M

BD5


-E`+4)F'L8



M^4PAR2



M]U`7P%_Y+:R;0-2L+7[(U55$!0IW/1IQDG+L2LJO)8IX!#?I'H(INTJF01@W

@JR+!R';'3/%'4)
M1G/`T@E$8+;`'7&*U)107UKCE_N'H\4,/(N#'Z&T0HOZW4K-DJ$FA*`$?!


B*E6

C/.;ZCAT
49JN9@2:$S`0]]^1;17









($:QMM1Y&01XSP5?R
?*CZWH
M9/0%3B
*S2_;X;RI9MI0[DLKS7GCLU4FAO/B4!;36;=-I@:J$(I^N.5U
SW4



MT(905-*

MM$4.?3?NM&Y-)3Q&]NRWP$?^=S8*8_P!H!AJ)\97]LX?-8(0Z'YZ]95AD/
MG3KC+OE_A_EED*8?XR2%YY9L]$(PV`E%)TSXY9\

M[W'*@BC\FY_)?^+K!_K^^;3\1!G'?2SSZ3%A99$:#;]43;EOMS2C[X9?`:


MO&(M!2@4OVQ=VBFYN%8!TWG$[[R3KNBYF2M:!TNAA&3KXDK)O?R6\HW$%%HY



^5XS
E:0_W

MZD61DP&83KK2XB?2&Q%A?J_



&!A@DLX&)`1TF<]#^0ZC`)*H6]2R^ST

M&4.Q52[[3FG2[8Y)[6J7SQYD$B9?L2UHE^%'@%*$(@(HMAIKEQU-NMU\J67M
M\A@@


E

^$^^U7L4
1




M2N$&
V#M=$3BR$5$8D:%^@W
[C4.]9HN\EDA5ST!X62G




.YQIJT3HQN)WZ\*A+UZ``^Y6


6W4[P^-2B4^J1

*
PI\)76L$P2D3YOY(UZW
3SN!8]ZS?^EL?K(IX:R
DKG
\YAFFJOH<F7EB\JX.B'U8$!&*(4DI[U<

E

MY4T!/


!?%(
M@P)^`JLDY<ZB:M(DYQ4;BZMT5Y\U@P<E%PYG+7!P(&M]/7-'DK+_-FY24V
M#3SE6,!%RIE$LT(NH1C`78^Y;TWHK9QH3TD8TN]8<9()=!FD\#B27E]:'J+

CR6R5

B1765LI[[Q]$)!2$W


L<=TQ.?C=UE
ME[/0`JR?@.DU/(=PPU4($4-M]M5`6V*^[Y'#U2X-AL\@*-#GN2^TI-4(?P\





O1A:LYRF#UGR

M
C`Q
S`U

%
M7=11!5W4475XP`!!4.```$.0$``.Q=6W/C-K)^/U7G/V#]LI

Y/

KVG$)V*Y%)H+N!

M$#N(@7A
)XS\_AL-7')T!.34__T4.5
VHR2F?

MQ\?']Q
6








RRR;






M-J=.)'FCZ+J*OFQ?%$)#\4Q383\6%8;5C4+JSZEIJ`)X[_:Z$.:
!KU.!V?*

MZ.DS69M==HT58O]




X['HO2_A6APN]I:J/A0

KRD.1


O^NN6!G0B5O4L!SK;PYML0.]7X)!]I?ZBRC3L

&



M\&Y/0'-



2+-I_O.Y_!(;[I)O
!OK




MCV0


5FF=S&YGTC4(=H
MU_=#!Y?$6B&?AQQ^V6T]HCNC2RU`7VV;T`O<E&)D\I*/!36`/AM`#@]I#$`
MS5PR[CV(+:





M16#+W1M&_7C:PO-ZG&%V][K[$O;#1G



MPP5






Y^+5@E7KC+@
'@GNAZSE)P?83
M3K*-^OQ;
=2&=&$A=2=(.YF



:
MA(NN+NPE(:6@%6-SP*U)VT-\T2#T;I3
B&G:*#-L&A@VM7`I@':F?`.L!)Y-


M6Z


ZOOK0XJ[H9JVGRVN@K

42

MHIER4%Q.19*5VR[4LM+=]+*R9JOQA7$G3T)&XBADBW+^C
&*2-O

+]K:A


T]P?7


M2;I;C)#7$TY[S!0\W\HQ@^9=K*?.D^:0
;1'X)\E[(M#R



%8N/M%


M/1*.G1)1)?JZ8&`WF%($$&*-8_RZ\5-:!IW)I5U
Z1^V0H['&L
`O2N%0N5N




M-E#%(V

MFMCY\:1PXU+&@`'\B[C`4K/V!@`-``X6(^]\6=%4LYZ8IKAXLK7@##-0I]

K
M=_D]S&F0T&55\4D#%+5!5MP$U`*97


+BR!DA$A6GH#LT%E^H;.Y[B-FCR#OX
@
ME
U*'WDPMGE

M:W$?Q5Z\P
K7/%S
SP^PG[PO$
_-#@B%M_BQ]?.#








M]]U'SV6K-JU&U3=FY


MF*M(9
M(QAG8;ME%L_R9)REL8%`]I;(+5/CB^$3]I(PK%]G
@RE!_U2TH??G&/(`.

MV=?8)^(`M,GRG40HNOY\1Z7-9[)ITG7A'+)$5G]^AM,RMQ(BX!'N-JKZT;




/C:!;JS+&WD%J[
M_\!73*A2;_HB.+8@;2Q!#.B:2%?\J_A$LHW\64._Q^'QY4(XA2)4J`IL.:G

MYE?\B1$KN3;BM+T'#6*%$MJ5Z%G%2)0DN[\$MTHNF'YVGLI$2+?L.5L]L=V!


MXC)/

8:@)=7M-^`[RAW`AA#QOH716,4!%]!KR[&#70
M<BOLM9Y[EQ@5U/8AWK_HJ,[AK5O`6)`)9?S!3*$H_F3Q:ER\:G

A?'2F2A


]QF`N1Q=!B.4U@(!7.O_=+^*R$4

^=8

-QVL.K'20[=;KT
=4L2
M._!=BYQGU[O@D







M=P'']!-_YBQ=!I;-M%&`V!98M+

M



M=M&:20U'U[)2(Y;+1CKXR7M/6\5'F.GQG+L/0`H^9N2=:'IIY5HKMF-3%D
M#ZQL)
/4AG:R3M27N;;]MZ40D2'D%W*$56LN6K'D8%OL

*LGTK:A_R9&H

M#BD[DI.X3%R0AYE







9AK]/B6MQN\


MQ
8#-LUDB]?LV:P^*X#O,8P44?7KQ0QR$Z_(\F4_Q0SD6[Y8YM/CBU;P-
M=[&$T40[!Q^_/8WQ#KF



MR3`P=8:1




2?0@V2M+D_978:
&:D?PER4W2&]+?*@LD$



*LGM37@RJOB3<3<U/;SJWY$#X#:%3%D:OZH?`S[



?@/AQNT80X21=:
MEFU)*%I:WZ6=

MI]^$+$N;-E?/^';BLMC,7E6R1):QR/TA#)(LYPSKV\5--XGSZD&8S9$)99

1J)7JGXDRJTSE=:(@=&!`P]8



MJ
V*/Z`L


MW!7@S_\!
M4$L!`AX#%`````@`86KC0C#@]#-AY`(`WPT]`!``&````````0```*2!````

#$S

M+3(P
3

M'@

`9VES
M+3(P
3

`9VES
M+3(P
3

M'@
4`````!A:N-;*XUV38L``#\`P(`$``8```````!````I(%8J@4`9VES
M+3(P
3
P-3(V+GAS9%54!0`#!5W4475XP`!!4.```$.0$``%!+!08`````

 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableGrossCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsAndSupplies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherInventoryPurchasedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLIFOReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LIFOInventoryAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NontradeReceivablesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_GrainDerivativeAssetNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentFairValueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsMiscellaneousCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Land'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_BuildingsAndImprovementsCapitalLeasedGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_MachineryAndEquipmentCapitalLeasedGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssetsForPlanBenefitsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesReceivableRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashSurrenderValueOfLifeInsurance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsMiscellaneousNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestAndDividendsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_GrainDerivativeLiabilityNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentFairValueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgesLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_MiscellaneousCurrentLiabilites'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DeferredCompensationAndPensionPostemploymentAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilityClassifiedNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedIncomeTaxesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_MiscellaneousNoncurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateProjectedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateProjectedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateProjectedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPensionPlansWithAccumulatedBenefitObligationsInExcessOfPlanAssetsAggregateFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Jun. 14
<Label Key=Calendar Id=0 Label=Nov. 23
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotionalAmountOfInterestRateDerivatives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DerivativeAverageFixedInterestRateReceive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DerivativeAverageVariableInterestRatePay'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotionalAmountOfInterestRateDerivatives'
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 26
<Label Key=Calendar Id=1 Label=May 27
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriceRiskDerivativesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnPriceRiskDerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstruments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_NetLossGainOnCommodityPositionsReclassifiedFromUnallocatedCorporateItemsToSegmentOperatingProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInFairValueOfHedgedItemInPriceRiskFairValueHedge1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_NetMarkToMarketValuationOfCertainCommodityPositionsRecognizedInUnallocatedCorporateItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanOtherCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanOtherCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanOtherCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'

