

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-16-638404
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		135
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20160529
FILED AS OF DATE:		20160630
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20160630
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GENERAL MILLS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000040704
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GRAIN MILL PRODUCTS [2040]
		IRS NUMBER:				410274440
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0529
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-01185
		FILM NUMBER:		161743782
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		NUMBER ONE GENERAL MILLS BLVD
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55426
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(763) 764-7600
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 1113
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55440












 


Washington
 D.C. 20549 





 2016 



 TO


GENERAL MILLS
(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 



































 including area code) 



































 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section&nbsp;13 or Section&nbsp;15(d) of the Act. Yes 

1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has
submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes 

 and will not be contained
 to
the best of registrant&#146;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See
the definitions of &#147;large accelerated filer
&#148; &#147;accelerated filer&#148; and &#147;smaller reporting company&#148; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 



























non-affiliates of the registrant
 based on the closing price of $58.41 per share as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on November&nbsp;27
 2015 (the last business day of the registrant&#146;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter):
$34
Number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of June&nbsp;13
 2016: 597
020
906 (excluding 157
592
422 shares held in the treasury).





 




















































































































Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of












































































































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance



































Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence



































Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules 

















 



 



General Mills
 Inc. was incorporated in Delaware in 1928. The terms &#147;General
Mills
&#148; &#147;Company
&#148; &#147;registrant
&#148; &#147;we
&#148; &#147;us
&#148; and &#147;our&#148; mean General Mills
 Inc. and all subsidiaries included in the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this report unless the
context indicates otherwise. 
We are a leading global manufacturer
and marketer of branded consumer foods sold through retail stores. We also are a leading supplier of branded and unbranded food products to the North American foodservice and commercial baking industries. We manufacture our products in 13 countries
and market them in more than 100 countries. In addition to our consolidated operations
 we have 50 percent interests in two strategic joint ventures that manufacture and market food products sold in more than 130 countries worldwide. 

See Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&amp;A) in Item&nbsp;7 of this report for a description of our segments. For financial information by segment and geographic area
 see Note 16 to the
We offer a variety of food products that provide great taste
 nutrition
 convenience and
value for consumers around the world
 with a focus on five large global categories: 












 including meal kits
 ethnic meals
 pizza
 soup
 side dish mixes
 frozen breakfast
 and frozen entrees; 






 including grain
 fruit and savory snacks
 nutrition bars
 and frozen hot snacks; 
























Our Cereal Partners Worldwide (CPW) joint venture with Nestl&eacute; S.A.
(Nestl&eacute;) competes in the ready-to-eat cereal category in markets outside North America
 and our H&auml;agen-Dazs Japan
 Inc. (HDJ) joint venture competes in the super-premium ice cream category in Japan. For net sales contributed by each
class of similar products
 Our primary
customers are grocery stores
 mass merchandisers
 membership stores
 natural food chains
 drug
 dollar and discount chains
 e-commerce grocery providers
 commercial and noncommercial foodservice distributors and operators
 restaurants
 and
convenience stores. We generally sell to these customers through our direct sales force. We use broker and distribution arrangements for certain products and to serve certain types of customers. For further information on our customer credit and
product return practices
 please refer to Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this report. During fiscal 2016
 Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. and its 
 




affiliates (Wal-Mart) accounted for 20 percent of our consolidated net sales and 30 percent of net sales of our U.S. Retail segment. No other customer accounted for 10 percent or more of our
consolidated net sales. For further information on significant customers
 please refer to Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this report. 
 The consumer foods industry is highly competitive
 with numerous manufacturers of varying sizes in the United States
and throughout the world. The food categories in which we participate also are very competitive. Our principal competitors in these categories all have substantial financial
 marketing
 and other resources. Competition in our product categories is
based on product innovation
 product quality
 price
 brand recognition and loyalty
 effectiveness of marketing
 promotional activity
 and the ability to identify and satisfy consumer preferences. Our principal strategies for competing in each of our
segments include unique consumer insights
 effective customer relationships
 superior product quality
 innovative advertising
 product promotion
 product innovation aligned with consumers&#146; needs
 an efficient supply chain
 and price. In most
product categories
 we compete not only with other widely advertised
 branded products
 but also with regional brands and with generic and private label products that are generally sold at lower prices. Internationally
 we compete with both
multi-national and local manufacturers
Raw materials
 ingredients
 and
The principal raw materials that we use are grains (wheat
 oats
 and corn)
 sugar
 dairy products
 vegetables
 fruits
 meats
 vegetable oils
 and other agricultural products. We also use substantial quantities of carton
board
 corrugated
 plastic and metal packaging materials
 operating supplies
 and energy. Most of these inputs for our domestic and Canadian operations are purchased from suppliers in the United States. In our international operations
 inputs that
are not locally available in adequate supply may be imported from other countries. The cost of these inputs may fluctuate widely due to external conditions such as weather
 product scarcity
 limited sources of supply
 commodity market fluctuations
currency fluctuations
 and changes in governmental agricultural and energy policies and regulations. We have some long-term fixed price contracts
 but the majority of our inputs are purchased on the open market. We believe that we will be able to
obtain an adequate supply of needed inputs. Occasionally and where possible
 we make advance purchases of items significant to our business in order to ensure continuity of operations. Our objective is to procure materials meeting both our quality
standards and our production needs at price levels that allow a targeted profit margin. Since these inputs generally represent the largest variable cost in manufacturing our products
 to the extent possible
 we often manage the risk associated with
adverse price movements for some inputs using a variety of risk management strategies. We also have a grain merchandising operation that provides us efficient access to
 and more informed knowledge of
 various commodity markets
 principally wheat
and oats. This operation holds physical inventories that are carried at fair market value and uses derivatives to manage its net inventory position and minimize its market exposures.
Our research and development
resources are focused on new product development
 product improvement
 process design and improvement
 packaging
 and exploratory research in new business and technology areas. Research and development expenditures were $222 million in fiscal 2016
$229 million in fiscal 2015
 and $244 million in fiscal 2014. 


 Betty Crocker
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Taste Good
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
. We protect these marks as appropriate through registrations in the United States and
other jurisdictions. Depending on the jurisdiction
 trademarks are generally valid as long as they are in use or their registrations are properly maintained and they have not been found to have become generic. Registrations of trademarks can also
generally be renewed indefinitely as long as the trademarks are in use. 
 




 for cereal
 for a variety of products
for vegetables in certain countries
 for refrigerated dough
 frozen pastries
 and baking products. Our fruit
snacks business uses a variety of licensed trademarks
 including 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 and various Warner Bros.
and Nickelodeon characters. Our yogurt business uses a variety of licensed trademarks
 including various Disney
 Marvel
 Warner Bros.
 and Nickelodeon characters. 
 trademark. Nestl&eacute; licenses certain of its
trademarks to CPW
 trademark is licensed royalty-free and exclusively to Nestl&eacute; for ice cream and other frozen dessert products in the
 character in the dessert
 trademark and other related
trademarks are owned by Yoplait Marques SNC
 an entity in which we own a 50 percent interest. These marks are licensed exclusively to Yoplait SAS
 an entity in which we own a 51 percent interest. Yoplait SAS licenses these trademarks to its
 trademark and other related trademarks are owned by Libert&eacute; Marques S&agrave;rl
 an entity in which we own a 50 percent interest. 

 proprietary products. We consider the collective rights under our various patents
 which expire
from time to time
 a valuable asset
 but we do not believe that our businesses are materially dependent upon any single patent or group of related patents. 
In general
 demand for our products is
evenly balanced throughout the year. However
 within our U.S. Retail segment demand for refrigerated dough
 frozen baked goods
soup is higher during the
fall and winter months. Internationally
ice cream is higher during the summer months and demand for baking mix and dough products increases during winter months. Due to the offsetting impact of these demand
trends
 as well as the different seasons in the northern and southern hemispheres
 our International segment net sales are generally evenly balanced throughout the year. 
Orders are generally filled within a few days
of receipt and are subject to cancellation at any time prior to shipment. The backlog of any unfilled orders as of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 was not material. 
A description of our working capital is
included in the Liquidity section of MD&amp;A in Item&nbsp;7 of this report. Our product return practices are described in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this report. 
As of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 we had approximately
39
000 full- and part-time employees. 

 our activities are subject to regulation by various federal
government agencies
 including the Food and Drug Administration
 Department of Agriculture
 Federal Trade Commission
 Department of Commerce
 and Environmental Protection Agency
 as well as various state and local agencies. Our business is also
regulated by similar agencies outside of the United States. 
 



 

 2016
 we were involved with two active cleanup sites associated with the alleged or threatened release of hazardous substances or wastes
located in Minneapolis
 Minnesota and Moonachie
 New Jersey. These matters involve several different actions
 including administrative proceedings commenced by regulatory agencies and demand letters by regulatory agencies and private parties. 

 Clean Water Act
 Resource Conservation and Recovery Act
 Comprehensive Environmental Response
 Compensation
and Liability Act
 and the Federal Insecticide
 Fungicide
 and Rodenticide Act
 and all similar state
 local
 and foreign environmental laws and regulations applicable to the jurisdictions in which we operate. 

 we believe that neither the results of our environmental proceedings nor our compliance in general with
environmental laws or regulations will have a material adverse effect upon our capital expenditures
 earnings
EXECUTIVE
The section below provides information regarding our executive officers as of June&nbsp;30
 2016: 

 age 55
 is Senior Vice President
 General Counsel
 and Secretary.&nbsp;Mr.&nbsp;Allendorf joined General Mills in 2001
from The Pillsbury Company.&nbsp;He was promoted to Vice President
 Deputy General Counsel in 2010
 first overseeing the legal affairs of the U.S. Retail segment and Consumer Food Sales and then
 in August 2012
 overseeing the legal affairs of the
International segment and Global Ethics and Compliance. He was named to his present position in February 2015. Prior to joining General Mills
 he practiced law with the Shearman and Sterling and Mackall
 Crounse and Moore law firms. He was in
finance with General Electric prior to his legal career. 
 age 50
 is Executive Vice President
 Supply Chain. Mr.&nbsp;Church
joined General Mills in 1988 as a Product Developer in the Big G cereals division and held various positions before becoming Vice President
 Engineering in 2003. In 2005
 his role was expanded to include development of the Company&#146;s strategy
for the global sourcing of raw materials and manufacturing capabilities. He was named Vice President
 Supply Chain Operations in 2007
 Senior Vice President
 Supply Chain in 2008
 and to his present position in July 2013. 

 age 55
 is Executive Vice President
 Innovation
 Technology and Quality. Mr.&nbsp;Erickson joined General Mills in 1994 as
part of the Colombo yogurt acquisition. He has held various positions in Research&nbsp;&amp; Development and became Vice President
 Innovation
 Technology and Quality in 2003 and Senior Vice President
 Innovation
 Technology and Quality in 2006. He
was named to his present position in July 2013. 
 age 49
 is Executive Vice President
 Chief Operating Officer
 U.S.
Retail. Mr.&nbsp;Harmening joined General Mills in 1994 and served in various marketing roles in the Betty Crocker
 Yoplait
 and Big G cereal divisions. He was promoted to Marketing Director in 2000 and held leadership roles in Big G New Enterprises
and Foodservice New Business. He was named Vice President
 Marketing for CPW in 2003 and a Vice President of the Big G cereal division in 2007. In 2011
 he was promoted to Senior Vice President for the Big G cereal division. Mr.&nbsp;Harmening was
appointed Senior Vice President
 Chief Executive Officer of CPW in July 2012
 and he was named to his present position in May 2014. Mr.&nbsp;Harmening was appointed President
 Chief Operating Officer effective July&nbsp;1
 2016. 

 age 55
 is Executive Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer. Mr.&nbsp;Mulligan joined General Mills in 2001 from The
Pillsbury Company. He served as Vice President
 Financial Operations for our International division until 2004
 when he was named Vice President
 Financial Operations for Operations and Technology. Mr.&nbsp;Mulligan was appointed Treasurer of
General Mills in 2006
 Senior Vice President
 Financial Operations in 2007
 and was elected to his present position in 2007. From 1987 to 1998
 he held several international positions at PepsiCo
 Inc. and YUM! Brands
 Inc. Mr.&nbsp;Mulligan is a
director of Tennant Company. 
 



 
 age 53
 is Senior Vice President
 External Relations
 and President of the
General Mills Foundation. Ms.&nbsp;Nelson joined General Mills in 1988 and has held marketing leadership roles in the Big G cereal
 Snacks
 and Meals divisions. She was elected Vice President
 President
 Snacks in 2004
 Senior Vice President
President
 Snacks in 2008
 and Senior Vice President
 External Relations in September 2010. She was named President of the General Mills Foundation in 2011. 

 age 52
 is Senior Vice President
 President
 Sales&nbsp;&amp; Channel Development. Mr.&nbsp;O&#146;Grady joined General
Mills in 1990 and held several marketing roles in the Snacks
 Meals and Big G cereal divisions. He was promoted to Vice President in 1998 and held marketing positions in the Betty Crocker and Pillsbury USA divisions. In 2004
 he moved into Consumer
Foods Sales
 becoming Vice President
 President
 U.S. Retail Sales in 2007
 and Senior Vice President
 President
 Consumer Foods Sales Division in 2010. He was promoted to his current position in June 2012. 

 age 56
 is Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
 International. Mr.&nbsp;O&#146;Leary joined
General Mills in 1997 as Vice President
 Corporate Growth. He was elected a Senior Vice President in 1999 and President of the Meals division in 2001. Mr.&nbsp;O&#146;Leary was named to his present position in 2006. Prior to joining General Mills
he spent 17 years at PepsiCo
 Inc.
 last serving as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Hostess Frito-Lay business in Canada. Mr.&nbsp;O&#146;Leary is a director of Telephone and Data Systems
 Inc. 

 age 62
 is Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of General Mills. Mr.&nbsp;Powell joined General Mills in 1979
and served in a variety of positions before becoming a Vice President in 1990. He became President of the Yoplait division in 1996
 President of the Big G cereal division in 1997
 and Senior Vice President of General Mills in 1998. From 1999 to
2004
 he served as Chief Executive Officer of CPW. He returned from CPW in 2004 and was elected Executive Vice President. Mr.&nbsp;Powell was elected President and Chief Operating Officer of General Mills with overall global operating responsibility
for the Company in 2006
 Chief Executive Officer in 2007
 and Chairman of the Board in 2008. He is a director of Medtronic
Jacqueline
Williams-Roll
 age 47
 is Senior Vice President
 Human Resources.&nbsp;Ms.&nbsp;Williams-Roll joined General Mills in 1995.&nbsp;She held human resources leadership roles in Supply Chain
 Finance
 Marketing and Organization Effectiveness
and she also worked a large part of her career on businesses outside of the United States.&nbsp;She was named Vice President
 Human Resources
 International in 2010
 and then promoted to Senior Vice President
 Human Resources Operations in September
2013.&nbsp;She was named to her present position in September 2014. Prior to joining General Mills
 she held sales and management roles with Jenny Craig International. 

 age 59
 is Vice President
 Controller. Mr.&nbsp;Young joined General Mills in 2001 from The Pillsbury Company. He was appointed
Vice President of Finance for the Bakeries and Foodservice Division while at Pillsbury in 2000. Mr.&nbsp;Young was subsequently appointed Vice President Internal Audit in 2005 and Vice President
 Supply Chain in 2008. He was named to his present
Our
website is www.GeneralMills.com. We make available
 free of charge in the &#147;Investors&#148; portion of this website
 annual reports on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K
 and amendments to those reports filed
or furnished pursuant to Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (1934 Act) as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with
 or furnish it to
 the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Reports of beneficial ownership filed pursuant to Section&nbsp;16(a) of the 1934 Act are also available on our website. 



Our business is subject to various risks and uncertainties. Any of the risks described
below could materially
 adversely affect our business
 financial condition
 and results of operations. 
 



The food categories in which we participate are very competitive
 and if we are not able to compete
effectively
The food categories in which we participate are very competitive. Our principal
competitors in these categories all have substantial financial
 marketing
 and other resources. In most product categories
 we compete not only with other widely advertised branded products
 but also with regional brands and with generic and private
label products that are generally sold at lower prices. Competition in our product categories is based on product innovation
 product quality
 price
 brand recognition and loyalty
 effectiveness of marketing
 promotional activity
 and the ability to
identify and satisfy consumer preferences. If our large competitors were to seek an advantage through pricing or promotional changes
 we could choose to do the same
 which could adversely affect our margins and profitability. If we did not do the
same
 our revenues and market share could be adversely affected. Our market share and revenue growth could also be adversely impacted if we are not successful in introducing innovative products in response to changing consumer demands or by new
product introductions of our competitors. If we are unable to build and sustain brand equity by offering recognizably superior product quality
 we may be unable to maintain premium pricing over generic and private label products. 


 resulting in customers with increased purchasing power. In addition
 large retail customers
may seek to use their position to improve their profitability through improved efficiency
 lower pricing
 increased reliance on their own brand name products
 increased emphasis on generic and other economy brands
 and increased promotional
programs. If we are unable to use our scale
 marketing expertise
 product innovation
 knowledge of consumers&#146; needs
 and category leadership positions to respond to these demands
 our profitability and volume growth could be negatively
impacted. In addition
 the loss of any large customer for an extended length of time could adversely affect our sales and profits. In fiscal 2016
 Wal-Mart accounted for 20 percent of our consolidated net sales and 30 percent of net sales of our
U.S. Retail segment. For more information on significant customers
 please see Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this report. 
Price changes for the commodities we depend on for raw materials
 packaging
 and energy may adversely affect our profitability. 

 product scarcity
limited sources of supply
 commodity market fluctuations
 currency fluctuations
 and changes in governmental agricultural and energy policies and regulations. Commodity price changes may result in unexpected increases in raw material
 packaging
 and
energy costs. If we are unable to increase productivity to offset these increased costs or increase our prices
 we may experience reduced margins and profitability. We do not fully hedge against changes in commodity prices
 and the risk management
Volatility in the market value of derivatives we use to manage exposures to fluctuations
We utilize derivatives to manage price risk for some of our
principal ingredient and energy costs
 including grains (oats
 wheat
 and corn)
 oils (principally soybean)
 dairy products
 natural gas
 and diesel fuel. Changes in the values of these derivatives are recorded in earnings currently
 resulting in
volatility in both gross margin and net earnings. These gains and losses are reported in cost of sales in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings and in unallocated corporate items outside our segment operating results until we utilize the
underlying input in our manufacturing process
 at which time the gains and losses are reclassified to segment operating profit. We also record our grain inventories at fair value. We may experience volatile earnings as a result of these accounting
treatments. 
 



If we are not efficient in our production
 our profitability could suffer as a result of the highly
Our future success and earnings growth depend in part on our ability to be efficient in the production
and manufacture of our products in highly competitive markets. Gaining additional efficiencies may become more difficult over time. Our failure to reduce costs through productivity gains or by eliminating redundant costs resulting from acquisitions
or divestitures could adversely affect our profitability and weaken our competitive position. Many productivity initiatives involve complex reorganization of manufacturing facilities and production lines. Such manufacturing realignment may result in
the interruption of production
 which may negatively impact product volume and margins. We are currently pursuing several multi-year restructuring and cost savings initiatives designed to increase our efficiency and reduce expenses. If we are unable
to execute those initiatives as planned
 we may not realize all or any of the anticipated benefits
 which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 


 move
 and sell products is critical to our success. Damage or disruption to raw material supplies or our manufacturing or distribution
capabilities due to weather
 including any potential effects of climate change
 natural disaster
 fire
 terrorism
 cyber-attack
 pandemic
 strikes
 import restrictions
 or other factors could impair our ability to manufacture or sell our products.
Our suppliers&#146; policies and practices can damage our reputation and the quality and safety of our products. Failure to take adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events
 or to effectively manage such events if
they occur
 particularly when a product is sourced from a single supplier or location
 could adversely affect our business and results of operations
 as well as require additional resources to restore our supply chain. 


Adverse publicity about these types of concerns
 whether or not valid
 may discourage consumers from buying our products or cause production and delivery disruptions. 
If our food products become adulterated
 misbranded
 or mislabeled
 we might need to recall those items and may experience product liability claims if
We may need to recall some of our products if they become adulterated
 misbranded
 or mislabeled. A widespread product recall
could result in significant losses due to the costs of a recall
 the destruction of product inventory
 and lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period of time. We could also suffer losses from a significant product liability
judgment against us. A significant product recall or product liability case could also result in adverse publicity
 damage to our reputation
 and a loss of consumer confidence in our food products
 which could have an adverse effect on our business
We may be unable to anticipate changes in consumer preferences and trends
 which may result in decreased demand
Our success depends in part on our ability to anticipate the tastes and eating habits of consumers and to offer products that
appeal to their preferences. Consumer preferences and category-level consumption may change from time to time and can be affected by a number of different trends and other factors. If we fail to anticipate
 identify or react to these changes and
trends
 or to introduce new and improved products on a timely basis
 we may experience reduced demand for our products
 which would in turn cause our revenues and profitability to suffer. Similarly
 demand for our products could be affected by
consumer concerns regarding the health effects of ingredients such as sodium
 trans fats
 genetically modified organisms
 sugar
 processed wheat
 or other product ingredients or attributes. 


populations are growing in the markets that we serve. One way to achieve that growth is to enhance our portfolio by adding innovative new products in faster growing and more profitable categories. Our future results will also depend on our ability
to increase market share in our existing product categories. If we do not succeed in developing innovative products for new and existing categories
 our growth may slow
 which could adversely affect our profitability. 
 



 

 consumers may purchase
more generic
 private label
 and other economy brands and may forego certain purchases altogether. In those circumstances
 we could experience a reduction in sales of higher margin products or a shift in our product mix to lower margin offerings. In
addition
 as a result of economic conditions or competitive actions
 we may be unable to raise our prices sufficiently to protect margins. Consumers may also reduce the amount of food that they consume away from home at customers that purchase
Our
Maintaining and continually enhancing the
value of our many iconic brands is critical to the success of our business. The value of our brands is based in large part on the degree to which consumers react and respond positively to these brands. Brand value could diminish significantly due to
a number of factors
 including consumer perception that we have acted in an irresponsible manner
 adverse publicity about our products
 our failure to maintain the quality of our products
 the failure of our products to deliver consistently positive
consumer experiences
 concerns about food safety
 or our products becoming unavailable to consumers. Consumer demand for our products may also be impacted by changes in the level of advertising or promotional support. The growing use of social and
digital media by consumers
 us
 and third parties increases the speed and extent that information or misinformation and opinions can be shared. Negative posts or comments about us
 our brands
 or our products on social or digital media could
seriously damage our brands and reputation. If we do not maintain the favorable perception of our brands
 our business results could be negatively impacted. 


 28 percent of our consolidated net sales were generated outside of the United States. We are accordingly subject to a number of risks relating
to doing business internationally
 any of which could significantly harm our business. These risks include: 





























restriction on the transfer of funds to and from foreign countries
 including potentially negative tax consequences. 

variations in our results of operations. Our principal exposures are to the Australian dollar
 Brazilian real
 British pound sterling
 Canadian dollar
 Chinese renminbi
 euro
 Japanese yen
 Mexican peso
 and Swiss franc. From time to time
 we enter
into agreements that are intended to reduce the effects of our exposure to currency fluctuations
 but these agreements may not be effective in significantly reducing our exposure. 


 the Federal Food and Drug
Administration
 the Occupational Safety and Health Administration
 and other federal
 state
 local
 and foreign governmental agencies relating to the production
 packaging
 labelling
 storage
 distribution
 quality
 and safety of food products and
the health and safety of our employees. Our failure to 
 




comply with such laws and regulations could subject us to lawsuits
 administrative penalties
 and civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 and recalls of our products. We advertise our
products and could be the target of claims relating to alleged false or deceptive advertising under federal
 state
 and foreign laws and regulations. We may also be subject to new laws or regulations restricting our right to advertise our products
including proposals to limit advertising to children. Changes in laws or regulations that impose additional regulatory requirements on us could increase our cost of doing business or restrict our actions
 causing our results of operations to be
We are subject to various federal
 state
 local
 and foreign environmental laws and regulations. Our failure to comply with
environmental laws and regulations could subject us to lawsuits
 administrative penalties
 and civil remedies. We are currently party to a variety of environmental remediation obligations. Due to regulatory complexities
 uncertainties inherent in
litigation
 and the risk of unidentified contaminants on current and former properties of ours
 the potential exists for remediation
 liability
 indemnification
 and compliance costs to differ from our estimates. We cannot guarantee that our costs
in relation to these matters
 or compliance with environmental laws in general
 will not exceed our established liabilities or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
We have a substantial amount of indebtedness
 which could limit financing and other options and in some cases adversely affect our ability to pay
As of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 we had total debt
 redeemable interests
 and noncontrolling interests of $9.6 billion. The agreements under which
we have issued indebtedness do not prevent us from incurring additional unsecured indebtedness in the future. Our level of indebtedness may limit our: 





 capital expenditures
 or general corporate purposes
 particularly if the ratings assigned to our debt securities by rating organizations were revised downward;
and 






requirements
 the related indebtedness (and other unrelated indebtedness) could become due and payable prior to its stated maturity and our ability to obtain additional or alternative financing may also be adversely affected. 

 which in turn
is subject to prevailing economic conditions and to financial
 business
Global capital and credit market issues
could negatively affect our liquidity
 increase our costs of borrowing
We depend on
stable
 liquid
 and well-functioning capital and credit markets to fund our operations. Although we believe that our operating cash flows
 financial assets
 access to capital and credit markets
 and revolving credit agreements will permit us to meet
our financing needs for the foreseeable future
 there can be no assurance that future volatility or disruption in the capital and credit markets will not impair our liquidity or increase our costs of borrowing. We also utilize interest rate
derivatives to reduce the volatility of our financing costs. If we are not effective in hedging this volatility
 we may experience an increase in our costs of borrowing. Our business could also be negatively impacted if our suppliers or customers
Volatility in the securities markets
interest rates
 and other factors could substantially increase our defined benefit pension
 other postretirement benefit
 and postemployment benefit costs. 

 Canada
 and various foreign locations
 including defined benefit pension
retiree health and welfare
 severance
 and other postemployment plans. Our major defined benefit pension plans are funded with trust assets invested in a globally diversified portfolio of 
 




securities and other investments. Changes in interest rates
 mortality rates
 health care costs
 early retirement rates
 investment returns
 and the market value of plan assets can affect the
funded status of our defined benefit plans and cause volatility in the net periodic benefit cost and future funding requirements of the plans. A significant increase in our obligations or future funding requirements could have a negative impact on
Our business operations could be disrupted if our information technology systems fail to
Information technology serves an important role in the efficient and effective operation of our business. We rely
on information technology networks and systems
 including the internet
 to process
 transmit
 and store electronic information to manage a variety of business processes and to comply with regulatory
 legal
 and tax requirements. Our information
technology systems and infrastructure are critical to effectively manage our key business processes including digital marketing
 order entry and fulfillment
 supply chain management
 finance
 administration
 and other business processes. These
technologies enable internal and external communication among our locations
 employees
 suppliers
 customers
 and others and include the receipt and storage of personal information about our employees
 consumers
 and proprietary business
information. Our information technology systems
 some of which are dependent on services provided by third parties
 may be vulnerable to damage
 interruption
 or shutdown due to any number of causes such as catastrophic events
 natural disasters
fires
 power outages
 systems failures
 telecommunications failures
 security breaches
 computer viruses
 hackers
 employee error or malfeasance
 and other causes. Increased cyber-security threats pose a potential risk to the security and viability
of our information technology systems
 as well as the confidentiality
 integrity
 and availability of the data stored on those systems. The failure of our information technology systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and
result in transaction errors
 processing inefficiencies
 data loss
 legal claims or proceedings
 regulatory penalties
 and the loss of sales and customers. Any interruption of our information technology systems could have operational
 reputational
legal
A change in the assumptions regarding the future performance of
our businesses or a different weighted-average cost of capital used to value our reporting units or our indefinite-lived intangible assets could negatively affect our consolidated results of operations and net worth. 

 2016
 we had $12.9 billion of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. Goodwill for each of our reporting units is tested for
impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. We compare the carrying value of the net assets of a reporting unit
 including goodwill
 to the fair value of the unit. If the fair value
of the net assets of the reporting unit is less than the net assets including goodwill
 impairment has occurred. Our estimates of fair value are determined based on a discounted cash flow model. Growth rates for sales and profits are determined
using inputs from our long-range planning process. We also make estimates of discount rates
 perpetuity growth assumptions
 market comparables
 and other factors. While we currently believe that our goodwill is not impaired
 different assumptions
We evaluate the useful lives of our intangible assets
primarily intangible assets associated with the 
 
 
 
 

 
brands
 to determine if they are finite or
indefinite-lived. Reaching a determination on useful life requires significant judgments and assumptions regarding the future effects of obsolescence
 demand
 competition
 other economic factors (such as the stability of the industry
 known
technological advances
 legislative action that results in an uncertain or changing regulatory environment
 and expected changes in distribution channels)
 the level of required maintenance expenditures
 and the expected lives of other related
Our indefinite-lived intangible assets are also tested for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that their carrying value may not be recoverable. Our estimate of the fair value of the brands is based on a discounted cash flow model using inputs including projected revenues from our long-range plan
 assumed royalty rates which could be payable
if we did not own the brands
 brands have experienced declining business performance. Our strategies for fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018 will focus our growth investments on our
brands and platforms with the strongest profitable growth potential. As a result
 certain parts of our U.S. Retail segment could experience reduced future sales projections. We 
 




performed a sensitivity analysis for certain brand intangible assets and determined that
 while not impaired as of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 brands
had risk of decreasing coverage. We will continue to monitor these businesses. For further information on goodwill and intangible assets
 please refer to Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this report. 


 we evaluate potential acquisitions or joint ventures that would further our strategic objectives. Our success depends
 in part
 upon our
ability to integrate acquired and existing operations. If we are unable to successfully integrate acquisitions
 our financial results could suffer. Additional potential risks associated with acquisitions include additional debt leverage
 the loss of
key employees and customers of the acquired business
 the assumption of unknown liabilities
 the inherent risk associated with entering a geographic area or line of business in which we have no or limited prior experience
 failure to achieve
anticipated synergies
 and the impairment of goodwill or other acquisition-related intangible assets. 








We own our principal executive offices and main research facilities
 which are located in
the Minneapolis
 Minnesota metropolitan area. We operate numerous manufacturing facilities and maintain many sales and administrative offices
 warehouses
 and distribution centers around the world. 

 2016
 we operated 59 facilities for the production of a wide variety of food products. Of these facilities
 30 are located in the United
States (1 of which is leased)
 4 in the Greater China region
 2 in the Asia/Middle East/Africa Region (1 of which is leased)
 4 in Canada (2 of which are leased)
 10 in Europe/Australia
 and 9 in Latin America and Mexico. The following is a list of
the locations of our principal production facilities
 which primarily support the segment noted: 

























&nbsp;New&nbsp;York








 Ohio








 Ohio








&nbsp;Tennessee








 Wisconsin






















 France








 France








 France








 France








 Korea








 Spain









 




























 Ohio
We operate numerous grain elevators in the United States in support of our domestic manufacturing activities. We also utilize
approximately 12&nbsp;million square feet of warehouse and distribution space
 nearly all of which is leased
 that primarily supports our U.S. Retail segment. We own and lease a number of dedicated sales and administrative offices around the world
totaling approximately 3&nbsp;million square feet. We have additional warehouse
 distribution
As part of our
H&auml;agen-Dazs business in our International segment
 we operate 530 (all leased) and franchise 344 branded ice cream parlors in various countries around the world
 all outside of the United States and Canada. 




We are the subject of various pending or threatened legal actions in the ordinary
course of our business. All such matters are subject to many uncertainties and outcomes that are not predictable with assurance. In our opinion
 there were no claims or litigation pending as of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 that were reasonably likely to have
a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. See the information contained under the section entitled &#147;Environmental Matters&#148; in Item&nbsp;1 of this report for a discussion of environmental
matters in which we are involved. 




 



 




Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

 2016
 there were approximately 32
000 record
holders of our common stock. Information regarding the market prices for our common stock and dividend payments for the two most recent fiscal years is set forth in Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this report. 

 2016:





































February 29
 2016-

















April 3
 2016

















871



April 4
 2016-

















May 1
 2016

















858



May 2
 2016-

















May 29
 2016

















795





















795





























 2014
 our Board of Directors approved an authorization for the repurchase of up to 100
000
000 shares of our common stock. Purchases can be made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions
including the use of call options and other derivative instruments
 Rule 10b5-1 trading plans
 and accelerated repurchase programs. The Board did not specify an expiration date for the authorization. 
 






The following table sets forth selected financial data for each of the fiscal
years in the five-year period ended May&nbsp;29
 2016: 





























In Millions
 Except Per Share Data
 Percentages and Ratios









































16
563.1

























5
829.5






















Selling
 general
 and administrative expenses


3
118.9

























2
707.4

























2
999.5

























1
697.4


























































































































































Diluted
 excluding certain items affecting comparability (c)

































































Selling
 general
 and administrative expenses as a
















































































































































































Land
 buildings
 and equipment


3
743.6

























21
712.3






















Long-term debt
 excluding current portion


7
057.7

























8
430.9















































2
629.8





































































1
900.5


















































































































































































































 







We are a global consumer foods
company. We develop distinctive value-added food products and market them under unique brand names. We work continuously to improve our core products and to create new products that meet consumers&#146; evolving needs and preferences. In addition
we build the equity of our brands over time with strong consumer-directed marketing
 innovative new products
 and effective merchandising. We believe our brand-building strategy is the key to winning and sustaining leading share positions in markets
Our fundamental financial goal is to generate superior returns for our shareholders over the long term. We believe that increases in
net sales
 segment operating profit
 earnings per share (EPS)
 free cash flow conversion
 cash return to shareholders
 and return on average total capital are key drivers of financial performance for our business. 































 including an attractive dividend yield. 


fiscal 2016
 excluding the impact of acquisitions and divestitures
 primarily the North American Green Giant business (Green Giant) divestiture and 6 incremental months of results from the acquisition of Annie&#146;s
 Inc. (Annie&#146;s).&nbsp;Net
sales as reported declined 5 percentage points in fiscal 2016
 which included 2 percentage points of decline from the net impact of Green Giant and Annie&#146;s and 1 percentage point of decline from a
 week in fiscal 2015.&nbsp;While net sales growth did not meet our expectations
 operating profit increased 1 percent
 despite the 53
week in fiscal 2015 and the net unfavorable impact of the Green Giant divestiture and Annie&#146;s acquisition.&nbsp;Operating profit for the Convenience Stores and Foodservice segment increased 7 percent
 driven primarily by our 6 priority product
platforms. Operating results for the International segment had good growth in developed markets that was tempered by slowdowns in developing markets. International net sales as reported declined 10 percent
 including 1 percentage point of decline
from the divestiture of Green Giant
 our Venezuela business
 and our foodservice business in Argentina
 but grew 3 percent on a constant-currency basis. International segment operating profit declined 15 percent and was impacted by 12 percentage
points of unfavorable foreign currency exchange and slowing economic growth in China and Brazil
Our consolidated
net sales for fiscal 2016 declined 6 percent to $16.6 billion
 primarily driven by unfavorable foreign exchange
 week in fiscal 2015
 and the net impact of acquisitions and divestitures. On
a constant-currency basis
 net sales decreased 2 percent. Operating profit of $2.7 billion increased 30 percent. Total segment operating profit of $3.0 billion declined 1 percent and grew 1 percent on a constant-currency basis.&nbsp;Diluted EPS
increased 41 percent to $2.77 per share. Adjusted diluted EPS
 which excludes certain items affecting comparability of results
 rose 2 percent to $2.92 per share and increased 5 percent on a constant-currency basis. Our return on average total
capital was 12.9 percent
 and return on adjusted average total capital increased 10 basis points to 11.3 percent. (See the &#147;Non-GAAP Measures&#148; section below for discussion of total segment operating profit
 adjusted diluted EPS
constant-currency net sales growth rates
 constant-currency International segment net sales growth rate
 constant-currency total segment operating profit growth rate
 constant-currency adjusted diluted EPS growth rate
 and adjusted return on average
total capital
Net cash provided by operations totaled $2.6 billion in fiscal
2016 at a conversion rate of 151 percent of net earnings
 including earnings attributable to redeemable and noncontrolling interests. This cash generation supported capital investments totaling $729 million
 and our resulting free cash flow was $1.9
billion at a conversion rate of 
 




104 percent of adjusted net earnings
 including earnings attributable to redeemable and noncontrolling interests.&nbsp;We also returned significant cash to shareholders through a 7 percent
dividend increase and share repurchases totaling $607 million. Total cash returned to shareholders represented 79 percent of our free cash flow (see the &#147;Non-GAAP Measures&#148; section below for a description of our use of measures not defined
by GAAP). 






 the Venezuela canned meat business and the
foodservice dough business in Argentina. We also acquired EPIC Provisions LLC (Epic)
 broadening our product offerings in our U.S. natural and organic portfolio to include meat snacks
 and we entered the growing Brazilian yogurt market through the
acquisition of Laticinios Carolina Ltda. (Carolina). 





initiatives during the fiscal year. We expanded Project Century
 an initiative to streamline our North American distribution and manufacturing network
 to our International segment supply chain. We also initiated Project Compass
 with&nbsp;a focus
on increasing the agility and effectiveness of our International segment. Finally
 we continued to realize benefits from Project Catalyst
 a fiscal 2015 restructuring plan to increase organizational effectiveness and reduce overhead expense. In
aggregate
A detailed
With strong savings
in Fiscal 2016 and visibility to further savings over the next two years
 we now expect our previously announced organizational restructuring and cost-reduction initiatives
 including Projects Century
 Catalyst
 and Compass
 as well as
administrative cost reductions
 to generate total annual savings of $600 million by fiscal 2018. We are also undertaking further efforts to prioritize investments
 reduce complexity
 and streamline our operations to drive profitable sales growth. As
a result
 we are increasing and accelerating our adjusted operating profit margin expansion target. We expect to achieve an adjusted operating profit margin of 20 percent by fiscal 2018
 an increase of 400 basis points over fiscal 2015 levels. Key
drivers of margin expansion over the next two years will include: 


















 including trade and consumer spending; 

















We will focus our fiscal 2017 and fiscal
2018 growth investments on our brands and platforms with the strongest profitable growth potential
 including: 






 snack bars
 the natural and organic portfolio
 hot snacks
 Mexican products
 and yogurt; 






 









 yogurt
 snacks
 frozen meals
 biscuits
 and baking mixes &#150; the segment&#146;s current Focus 6 platforms. 

 which comprise 75 percent of total company net sales and a similar proportion of operating profit
 are
expected to grow at a low single-digit organic rate in fiscal 2017. In our &#147;foundation&#148; businesses
 which comprise the remainder of the portfolio
 we will only pursue selective growth investments and will focus on reducing SKU complexity
optimizing commercial investments
 and prioritizing profitable volume while making selective Consumer First investments. We expect organic net sales to decline mid single-digits for these businesses in fiscal 2017. With this focused approach
 we
expect: 






 but deliver a 6 to 8 percent increase in constant-currency total segment operating profit. 














from the annual dividend paid in fiscal 2016.&nbsp;Share repurchases in fiscal 2017 are expected to result in a net reduction in average diluted shares outstanding of approximately 1 to 2 percent. 

Certain terms used throughout this report are defined in a glossary in Item&nbsp;8 of this report.


Fiscal 2016 net sales declined 6 percent to $16
563
 of $2
707 million was 30 percent higher than fiscal 2015. Total segment operating profit was $3
000 million
 1 percent lower than fiscal 2015 and 1 percent higher
on a constant-currency basis. In fiscal 2016
 were $1
697 million
 up 39 percent from $1
221 million in fiscal 2015
of $2.77 in fiscal 2016
 up 41 percent from
$1.97 in fiscal 2015. Fiscal 2016 results include restructuring-related charges
 a net gain from divestitures
 and gains from the mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions and grain inventories. Fiscal 2015 results include
restructuring-related charges
 an indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment charge
 tax impacts from the repatriation of historical foreign earnings
 losses from the mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions and grain inventories
integration costs resulting from the acquisition of Annie&#146;s
 and the impact of Venezuela currency devaluation. Diluted EPS excluding these items affecting comparability totaled $2.92 in fiscal 2016
 up 2 percent from $2.86 in fiscal 2015.
Diluted EPS excluding certain items affecting comparability on a constant-currency basis increased 5 percent compared to fiscal 2015 (see the &#147;Non-GAAP Measures&#148; section below for a description of our use of measures not defined by GAAP).

 



declined 6 percent to $16
563 million in fiscal 2016 from $17
630 in fiscal 2015. The components
of net sales growth are shown in the following table: 














































Net sales growth for fiscal 2016
included a 1 percent decrease from acquisitions and divestitures
 primarily Green Giant and Annie&#146;s
 reflecting 2 percentage points of decline from volume (please refer to Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this
 week in fiscal 2015 contributed approximately 1 percentage point of net sales decline in fiscal 2016
 reflecting 1 percentage point of decline from volume. 
decreased $948 million in fiscal 2016 to $10
734 million. In fiscal 2016
 product mix drove a $486 million decrease in cost of sales and
lower volume drove a $369 million decrease. We recorded a $63 million net decrease in cost of sales related to mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions and grain inventories as described in Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this report
 compared to a net increase of $90 million in fiscal 2015. In fiscal 2016
 we recorded $78 million of restructuring charges in cost of sales compared to $60 million in fiscal 2015. We also recorded a $3
We also expect to incur approximately $109
million of restructuring initiative project-related cash costs and recorded $58 million of these costs in cost of sales in fiscal 2016 compared to $13 million in fiscal 2015 (please refer to Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in
declined 2 percent in fiscal 2016 versus fiscal 2015. Gross margin as a percent of net sales of 35
Selling
 general and administrative (SG&amp;A) expenses 
fiscal 2016 versus fiscal 2015 primarily due to an 8 percent decrease in advertising and media expense
 and savings from Project Catalyst
 Project Compass
 and our other cost-management initiatives (please refer to Note 4 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this report). In fiscal 2015
 we recorded a $5 million charge in SG&amp;A expenses related to Venezuela currency devaluation and $16 million of integration costs related to our acquisition of Annie&#146;s.
During fiscal 2016
 we recorded an $148&nbsp;million
 from the sale of Green Giant
 our subsidiary in Venezuela
 and our foodservice business in Argentina (please refer to Note 3 of the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this report). 
Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs 

 we made a strategic decision to redirect certain resources supporting our Green Giant business in our U.S. Retail segment to other businesses
within the segment. As a result
 we recorded a $260 million impairment charge in fiscal 2015 related to the 
 




 impairment
 and other exit costs were $151 million in fiscal
2016 compared to $284 million in fiscal 2015. Total charges associated with our restructuring initiatives recognized in fiscal 2016 and 2015 consisted of the following: 








































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Interest
 net 
 $12 million lower than fiscal 2015
 primarily driven by lower average debt balances
 partially
for fiscal 2016 was 31.4 percent compared to 33.3 percent in fiscal
2015. The 1.9 percentage point decrease was primarily due to the unfavorable impact of our repatriation of historical foreign earnings in fiscal 2015
 partially offset by non-deductible expenses related to the Green Giant divestiture in fiscal 2016.
Our effective tax rate excluding certain items affecting comparability was 29.8 percent in fiscal 2016 compared to 30.5 percent in fiscal 2015 (see the &#147;Non-GAAP Measures&#148; section below for a description of our use of measures not defined
for fiscal 2016 increased to $88 million compared to $84 million in fiscal 2015 primarily driven
by favorable input costs in fiscal 2016
 favorable product mix for H&auml;agen-Dazs Japan
 Inc. (HDJ)
 and lapping an impairment charge of $3 million at Cereal Partners Worldwide (CPW) in South Africa in fiscal 2015
 partially offset by unfavorable
foreign currency. On a constant-currency basis
 after-tax earnings from joint ventures increased 12 percent (see the &#147;Non-GAAP Measures&#148; section below for a description of our use of these measures not defined by GAAP). The change in net
sales for each joint venture is set forth in the following table: 





































































 



 










































































Average diluted shares outstanding

FISCAL 2015
CONSOLIDATED RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

 of $2
077 million
was 30 percent lower than fiscal 2014. Total segment operating profit was $3
035 million
 4 percent lower than fiscal 2014 and 2 percent lower on a constant-currency basis. In fiscal 2015
 were
$1
221 million
 down 33 percent from $1
824 million in fiscal 2014
of $1.97 in fiscal 2015
 down 30 percent from $2.83 in fiscal 2014. Fiscal 2015 results include restructuring-related charges
 an indefinite-lived
intangible asset impairment charge
 tax impacts from the repatriation of historical foreign earnings
 losses from the mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions and grain inventories
 integration costs resulting from the acquisition of
Annie&#146;s
 and the impact of Venezuela currency devaluation. Fiscal 2014 results include the impact of Venezuela currency devaluation
 a gain on the divestiture of certain grain elevators
 losses from the mark-to-market valuation of certain
commodity positions and grain inventories
 and restructuring charges related to our fiscal 2012 productivity and cost savings plan. Diluted EPS excluding these items affecting comparability totaled $2.86 in fiscal 2015
 up 1 percent from $2.82 in
Net sales

630 million in fiscal 2015 from $17
910 in fiscal 2014. The components of net sales growth are shown in the following table: 
















































 reflecting 1 percentage point of growth from volume. 
increased $141 million in fiscal 2015 to $11
681 million. In fiscal 2015
 we recorded a $90 million net increase in cost of sales related
to mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions and grain inventories
 compared to a net decrease of $49 million in fiscal 2014. In fiscal 2015
 we recorded $60 million of restructuring charges in cost of sales. Product mix drove a $17
million increase in cost of sales. We also recorded a $3 million foreign exchange loss in fiscal 2015 related to Venezuela currency devaluation compared to a $23 million loss in fiscal 2014. Lower volume drove a $68 million decrease in cost of sales
in fiscal 2015. We recorded $13 million of restructuring initiative project-related cash costs in cost of sales in fiscal 2015. 
 



declined 7 percent in fiscal 2015 versus fiscal 2014. Gross margin as a percent of net sales
decreased $146 million in fiscal 2015 versus fiscal 2014
primarily due to a 5 percent decrease in advertising and media expense
 and savings from Project Catalyst and our other cost management initiatives. In fiscal 2015
 we recorded a $5 million charge in SG&amp;A expenses related to Venezuela currency
devaluation compared to a $39 million charge in fiscal 2014. In addition
 we recorded $16 million of integration costs in SG&amp;A expenses in fiscal 2015 related to our acquisition of Annie&#146;s. SG&amp;A expenses as a percent of net sales
There were no divestitures in fiscal 2015. During fiscal 2014

Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs
In fiscal 2015
 we made a strategic decision to redirect certain resources
supporting our Green Giant business in our U.S. Retail segment to other businesses within the segment. As a result
 we recorded a $260 million impairment charge in fiscal 2015 related to the 

 impairment
 and other exit costs were $284 million in fiscal 2015 compared to $4 million in fiscal 2014.
Total charges associated with our restructuring initiatives recognized in fiscal 2015 and 2014 consisted of the following: 



















































































































































































Please refer to
Interest
net 
 $13 million higher than fiscal 2014
 primarily driven by higher average debt balances
 partially offset by changes in the mix of debt. 
for fiscal 2015 of 33.3 percent was consistent with fiscal 2014. The 4.5 percentage point impact resulting from the
repatriation of $606 million of historical foreign earnings in fiscal 2015 was offset by changes in earnings mix by country
 certain favorable discrete items
 and favorable state tax rate changes. Our effective tax rate excluding certain items
affecting comparability was 30.5 percent in fiscal 2015 compared to 32.2 percent in fiscal 2014 (see the &#147;Non-GAAP Measures&#148; section below for a description of our use of measures not defined by GAAP). 
 



for fiscal 2015 decreased to $84 million compared to $90 million in
fiscal 2014 primarily driven by unfavorable foreign currency exchange and an asset impairment charge of $3 million at CPW in South Africa. On a constant-currency basis
 after-tax earnings from joint ventures were flat (see the &#147;Non-GAAP
Measures&#148; section below for a description of our use of this measure not defined by GAAP). The change in net sales for each joint venture is set forth in the following table: 
















































































































































Average diluted shares outstanding



 we changed how we assess segment operating performance to exclude the asset and liability remeasurement impact from hyperinflationary
The
following tables provide the dollar amount and percentage of net sales and operating profit from each segment for fiscal years 2016
 2015
 and 2014: 



































































































10
007.1



























4
632.2



























1
923.8



























16
563.1























































































2
179.0















































































2
999.5


















































 




 net gain on divestitures
 and restructuring
impairment
 and other exit costs because these items affecting operating profit are centrally managed at the corporate level and are excluded from the measure of segment profitability reviewed by our executive management. 
In fiscal 2015
 we realigned
certain operating units within our U.S. Retail operating segment. We also changed the name of our Yoplait operating unit to Yogurt and our Big G operating unit to Cereal. Frozen Foods transitioned into Meals and Baking Products. Small Planet Foods
transitioned into Snacks
 Cereal
 and Meals. The Yogurt operating unit was unchanged. We revised the amounts previously reported in the net sales and net sales percentage change by operating unit within our U.S. Retail segment to conform to the new
operating unit structure. These realignments had no effect on previously reported consolidated net sales
 operating segments&#146; net sales
 operating profit
 segment operating profit
 net earnings attributable to General Mills
 or EPS. In
addition
Our U.S. Retail segment reflects business
with a wide variety of grocery stores
 mass merchandisers
 membership stores
 natural food chains
 drug
 dollar and discount chains
 and e-commerce grocery providers operating throughout the United States. Our product categories in this business
segment are ready-to-eat cereals
 refrigerated yogurt
 soup
 meal kits
 refrigerated and frozen dough products
 dessert and baking mixes
 frozen pizza and pizza snacks
 grain
 fruit and savory snacks
 and a wide variety of organic products including
meal kits
 granola bars
 and cereal. 















































10
007.1

























































































The net impact of acquisitions and
divestitures
 primarily Green Giant and Annie&#146;s
 decreased net sales growth by 2 percentage points in fiscal 2016
 week in
fiscal 2015 contributed approximately 1 percentage point of net sales decline in fiscal 2016
 reflecting 2 percentage points of decline from volume. In fiscal 2015
 the acquisition of Annie&#146;s added 1 percentage point of net sales growth
 week contributed approximately 1 percentage point of net sales growth in fiscal 2015
 reflecting 1 percentage point of growth from
volume. 







































2
393.9















2
312.8















2
094.3















1
903.4















1
302.7















10
007.1






























 



 
































































































Segment operating profit of $2
179 million in fiscal 2016 increased $20 million
 or 1 percent
 from fiscal 2015. The increase was primarily
driven by high levels of promotional expense in fiscal 2015
 cost savings from Project Catalyst and other cost management initiatives
 a decrease in media and advertising expenses
 and lower supply chain costs
 partially offset by the net impact of
Segment operating profit of $2
159 million in fiscal 2015 declined $152 million
 or 7 percent
from fiscal 2014. The decrease was primarily driven by lower volume and an increase in supply chain costs
 partially offset by a 6 percent reduction in media and advertising expenses. 
Our International segment
consists of retail and foodservice businesses outside of the United States. Our product categories include ready-to-eat cereals
 shelf stable and frozen vegetables
 meal kits
 refrigerated and frozen dough products
 dessert and baking mixes
 frozen
pizza snacks
 refrigerated yogurt
 grain and fruit snacks
 and super-premium ice cream and frozen desserts. We also sell super-premium ice cream and frozen desserts directly to consumers through owned retail shops. Our International segment also
includes products manufactured in the United States for export
 mainly to Caribbean and Latin American markets
 as well as products we manufacture for sale to our international joint ventures. Revenues from export activities and franchise fees are
reported in the region or country where the end customer is located. 















































4
632.2















































































































The impact of acquisition and
divestitures
 primarily Green Giant
 week in fiscal 2015 contributed approximately 1 percentage point of net sales decline
in fiscal 2016
 week contributed approximately 1 percentage point of net sales growth in fiscal 2015
 reflecting 1 percentage point
of growth from volume. 
 



 







































1
998.0





























































4
632.2


































































































































































































Segment operating profit for fiscal 2016 declined 15 percent to $442 million from $523 million
in fiscal 2015
 primarily driven by unfavorable foreign currency exchange
 an increase in SG&amp;A expenses
 and the impact of the Green Giant divestiture. International segment operating profit decreased 3 percent on a constant-currency basis in
Segment operating profit for
fiscal 2015 declined 2 percent to $523 million from $535 million in fiscal 2014
 primarily driven by unfavorable foreign currency exchange and higher input costs
 partially offset by favorable net price realization and mix. International segment
operating profit increased 9 percent on a constant-currency basis in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014 (see the &#147;Non-GAAP Measures&#148; section below for our use of this measure). 
In
our Convenience Stores and Foodservice segment our major product categories are ready-to-eat cereals
 snacks
 refrigerated yogurt
 frozen meals
 unbaked and fully baked frozen dough products
 and baking mixes. Many products we sell are branded to
the consumer and nearly all are branded to our customers. We sell to distributors and operators in many customer channels including foodservice
 convenience stores
 vending
 and supermarket bakeries. Substantially all of this segment&#146;s
operations are located in the United States. 
 



 















































1
923.8

















































































































 reflecting 2 percentage points of decline from volume. In fiscal 2015


 reflecting 2 percentage points of growth from volume. 

 segment operating profit was $379 million
 up 7 percent from $353 million in fiscal 2015 primarily driven by favorable product mix and cost
savings from Project Catalyst and other cost management initiatives. In fiscal 2015
 segment operating profit was up 15 percent from $307 million in fiscal 2014 primarily driven by favorable net price realization and mix and higher volume. 
Unallocated
corporate items include corporate overhead expenses
 variances to planned domestic employee benefits and incentives
 contributions to the General Mills Foundation
 asset and liability remeasurement impact of hyperinflationary economies
restructuring initiative project-related costs
 and other items that are not part of our measurement of segment operating performance. This includes gains and losses from the mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions until passed back
to our operating segments in accordance with our policy as discussed in Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this report. 

 unallocated corporate expense totaled $289 million compared to $414 million last year. In fiscal 2016
 we recorded a $63 million net decrease
in expense related to mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions and grain inventories compared to a $90 million net increase in expense in the prior year. In addition
 we recorded $78 million of restructuring charges
 and $58 million
of restructuring initiative project-related costs in cost of sales in fiscal 2016
 compared to $60 million of restructuring charges and $13 million of restructuring initiative project-related costs in cost of sales in fiscal 2015. We recorded an $8
million foreign exchange loss related to the remeasurement of assets and liabilities of our Venezuelan subsidiary in fiscal 2015. We also recorded $16 million of integration costs resulting from the acquisition of Annie&#146;s in fiscal 2015. The
For fiscal 2015
unallocated corporate expense totaled $414 million compared to $258 million in fiscal 2014. In fiscal 2015
 we recorded a $90 million net increase in expense related to mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions and grain inventories
compared to a $49 million net decrease in fiscal 2014. In addition
 we recorded $60 million of restructuring charges and $13 million of restructuring initiative project-related costs in cost of sales in fiscal 2015. In fiscal 2015
 we recorded an $8
million foreign exchange loss related to the remeasurement of assets and liabilities of our Venezuelan subsidiary compared to $62 million in fiscal 2014. We also recorded $16 million of integration costs resulting from the acquisition of
Venezuela is a highly inflationary economy and as such
 we remeasured the value of the assets and liabilities of our former
Venezuelan subsidiary based on the exchange rate at which we expected to remit dividends in U.S. dollars from the SIMADI market. In fiscal 2015
 we recorded an $8 million foreign currency exchange loss related to remeasurement. In fiscal 2016
 we
sold our General Mills de Venezuela CA subsidiary to a third party and exited our business in Venezuela. As a result of this transaction
 we recorded a loss on the sale of $38 million pre-tax. 
 




 we changed how we assess segment operating performance to exclude the asset and liability
remeasurement impact from hyperinflationary economies. This impact is now included in unallocated corporate items. All periods presented have been changed to conform to this presentation. 
Our gross margin performance in
fiscal 2016 reflects the impact of 2 percent input cost inflation
 primarily on commodity inputs. We expect input cost inflation of 2 percent in fiscal 2017. We attempt to minimize the effects of inflation through HMM
 planning
 and operating
practices. Our risk management practices are discussed in Item&nbsp;7A of this report. 

 our operations have generated $7.7 billion in cash.
A substantial portion of this operating cash flow has been returned to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We also use cash from operations to fund our capital expenditures and acquisitions. We typically use a combination of cash
notes payable
As of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 we had $645 million of cash
and cash equivalents held in foreign jurisdictions
 which will be used to fund foreign operations and acquisitions. There is currently no need to repatriate these funds in order to meet domestic funding obligations or scheduled cash distributions.
If we choose to repatriate historical earnings held in foreign jurisdictions
Cash Flows from
Operations 



































Net earnings
 including earnings attributable to redeemable and noncontrolling interests


1
736.8










































































































































Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs













Changes in current assets and liabilities
 excluding the effects of acquisitions and
divestitures













Other
 net
















2
629.8

























In fiscal 2016
 our operations generated $2.6 billion of cash compared to $2.5 billion in fiscal 2015. The $477 million
increase in net earnings included a $96 million change in deferred income taxes and a $148 million net gain on divestitures and was also offset by a $424 million decrease in non-cash restructuring charges.&nbsp;The $43 million change in current
assets and liabilities was primarily driven by the timing of accounts payable including the impact of longer terms offset by the timing of inventory build. 

 core working capital decreased 41 percent
 primarily
due to an increase in accounts payable
 largely driven by longer payables terms and a decrease in inventory
 compared to a net sales decline of 6 percent. In fiscal 2015
 core working capital decreased 13 percent
 compared to a net sales decline of
2 percent
 and in fiscal 2014
 core working capital decreased 9 percent
 compared to net sales growth of 1 percent. 
 




 our operations generated $2.5 billion of cash
 flat compared to fiscal 2014. The $247 million
change in current assets and liabilities was primarily driven by the timing of trade and promotion accruals
 changes in tax accruals
 and changes in derivative positions.&nbsp;This was largely offset by lower net earnings
 which included a $260
million non-cash impairment charge
 $271 million of non-cash restructuring charges
Cash
Flows from Investing Activities 
































Purchases of land
 buildings
 and equipment













Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired













Investments in affiliates
 net













Proceeds from disposal of land
 buildings
 and equipment









































Other
 net









































In fiscal 2016
 we generated $93 million of cash through investing activities compared to a use of $1.6 billion in fiscal
2015. We invested $729 million in land
 buildings
 and equipment in fiscal 2016
 $17 million more than last year. In fiscal 2016
 we received proceeds of $828 million from the divestitures of certain businesses
 primarily Green Giant. In fiscal
2015
 we acquired Annie&#146;s for an aggregate purchase price of $809 million
In fiscal 2015
 cash used by
investing activities increased by $1.0 billion from fiscal 2014. We invested $712 million in land
 buildings
 and equipment in fiscal 2015
 $49 million more than in fiscal 2014. In fiscal 2015
 we acquired Annie&#146;s. We made $102 million of
investments in affiliates
 primarily CPW
 in fiscal 2015. In fiscal 2014
We expect capital
expenditures to be approximately $734 million in fiscal 2017. These expenditures will fund initiatives that are expected to fuel International growth
 support innovative products
 and continue HMM initiatives throughout the supply chain. 
 



 


































































(1
000.4



























































(1
071.7







































Other
 net
















(2
285.6

























Net cash used by financing activities increased by $901 million in fiscal 2016. We had $1.4 billion less net debt issuances in
fiscal 2016 than the prior year. For more information on our debt issuances and payments
 please refer to Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this report. 

 we received $172 million in proceeds from common stock issued on exercised options compared to $164 million in fiscal 2015
 an increase of
$8 million. During fiscal 2014
In May 2014
 our Board of Directors
authorized the repurchase of up to 100&nbsp;million shares of our common stock. Purchases under the authorization can be made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions
 including the use of call options and other derivative
instruments
 Rule&nbsp;10b5-1 trading plans
During fiscal
2016
 we repurchased 11&nbsp;million shares of our common stock for $607 million. During fiscal 2015
 we repurchased 22&nbsp;million shares of our common stock for $1
162 million. During fiscal 2014
 we repurchased 36&nbsp;million shares of our
common stock for $1
Dividends paid in fiscal 2016 totaled $1
072 million
 or $1.78 per share
 a 7 percent per share increase from
fiscal 2015. Dividends paid in fiscal 2015 totaled $1
018 million
 or $1.67 per share
 an 8 percent per share increase from fiscal 2014 dividends of $1.55 per share. 
Selected
cash flows from our joint ventures are set forth in the following table: 





















Inflow (Outflow)
 in Millions










Repayments from (advances to) joint ventures
 net









































 



 















May&nbsp;29




















1
103.4










7
057.7










8
430.9






























4
930.2










14
583.6
















The following table details the fee-paid committed and uncommitted credit lines we had available as of May&nbsp;29
 2016: 



















































































In May 2016
 we entered into a $2.7 billion fee-paid committed credit facility that is scheduled to expire in May 2021.
Concurrent with the execution of this credit facility
In June 2014
 our subsidiary
To ensure
availability of funds
 we maintain bank credit lines sufficient to cover our outstanding notes payable. Commercial paper is a continuing source of short-term financing. We have commercial paper programs available to us in the United States and
Europe. We also have uncommitted and asset-backed credit lines that support our foreign operations. The credit facilities contain several covenants
 including a requirement to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 2.5 times. 

 our credit facilities
 and our noncontrolling interests contain restrictive covenants. As of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 we
We have $1
103 million of long-term debt maturing in the next 12 months that is classified as current
including $1
000 million of 5.7 percent fixed rate notes due February 2017. We believe that cash flows from operations
 together with available short- and long-term debt financing
 will be adequate to meet our liquidity and capital needs for at
As of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 our total debt
 including the impact of derivative instruments designated as hedges
 was 78 percent in
fixed-rate and 22 percent in floating-rate instruments
 compared to 72 percent in fixed-rate and 28 percent in floating-rate instruments on May&nbsp;31
 2015. 
 




Improvement in return on adjusted average total capital is one of our key performance measures (see the &#147;Non-GAAP Measures&#148; section below for our discussion of this measure
 which is not defined by GAAP). Adjusted return on average total
capital increased 10 basis points from 11.2 percent in fiscal 2015 to 11.3 percent in fiscal 2016 as fiscal 2016 earnings increased. On a constant-currency basis
 adjusted return on average total capital increased 40 basis points. 

charge coverage ratio in fiscal 2016 was 7.40 compared to 5.54 in fiscal 2015. The measure increased from fiscal 2015 as earnings before income taxes and after-tax earnings from joint ventures increased by $642 million in fiscal 2016. Our operating
cash flow to debt ratio increased 3.5 percentage points to 31.2 percent in fiscal 2016
We have a 51 percent
controlling interest in Yoplait SAS and a 50 percent interest in Yoplait Marques SNC and Libert&eacute; Marques S&agrave;rl. Sodiaal holds the remaining interests in each of these entities. We consolidate these entities into our consolidated
financial statements. We record Sodiaal&#146;s 50 percent interest in Yoplait Marques SNC and Libert&eacute; Marques S&agrave;rl as noncontrolling interests
 and its 49 percent interest in Yoplait SAS as a redeemable interest on our Consolidated
Balance Sheets. These euro- and Canadian dollar-denominated interests are reported in U.S. dollars on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Sodiaal has the ability to put all or a portion of its redeemable interest to us at fair value once per year
 up
to three times before December 2024. As of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 the redemption value of the redeemable interest was $846 million which approximates its fair value. 

 LLC (GMC) Class&nbsp;A Interests receives quarterly preferred distributions from available net income
based on the application of a floating preferred return rate to the holder&#146;s capital account balance established in the most recent mark-to-market valuation (currently $252 million). On June&nbsp;1
 2015
 the floating preferred return rate on
GMC&#146;s Class&nbsp;A Interests was reset to the sum of three-month LIBOR plus 125 basis points. The preferred return rate is adjusted every three years through a negotiated agreement with the Class&nbsp;A Interest holder or through a remarketing
We have an option to purchase the Class&nbsp;A Interests for consideration equal to the then current capital account value
 plus any unpaid
preferred return and the prescribed make-whole amount. If we purchase these interests
 any change in the third-party holder&#146;s capital account from its original value will be charged directly to retained earnings and will increase or decrease
the net earnings used to calculate EPS in that period. 

 2016
 we have issued guarantees and comfort letters of $383 million for the debt and other obligations of consolidated subsidiaries
 and
guarantees and comfort letters of $239 million for the debt and other obligations of non-consolidated affiliates
 mainly CPW. In addition
 off-balance sheet arrangements are generally limited to the future payments under non-cancelable operating
leases
 which totaled $398 million as of May&nbsp;29
As of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 we had invested in five variable interest entities (VIEs). None of
our VIEs are material to our results of operations
 financial condition
 or liquidity as of and for the fiscal year ended May&nbsp;29
Our defined
benefit plans in the United States are subject to the requirements of the Pension Protection Act (PPA). In the future
 the PPA may require us to make additional contributions to our domestic plans. We do not expect to be required to make any
contributions in fiscal 2017. 
 




including payments due by period: 











































































































































































































































































 premiums and discounts
 and fair value
adjustments. 








purposes of this table
 arrangements are considered purchase obligations if a contract specifies all significant terms
 including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased
 a pricing structure
 and approximate timing of the transaction. Most
arrangements are cancelable without a significant penalty and with short notice (usually 30 days). Any amounts reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as accounts payable and accrued liabilities are excluded from the table above.





 equity
 commodity
 and grain derivative contracts with a payable position to the counterparty was $44 million as of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 based on fair market values as of that date.
Future changes in market values will impact the amount of cash ultimately paid or received to settle those instruments in the future. Other long-term obligations mainly consist of liabilities for accrued compensation and benefits
 including the
underfunded status of certain of our defined benefit pension
 other postretirement benefit
 and postemployment benefit plans
 and miscellaneous liabilities. We expect to pay $22 million of benefits from our unfunded postemployment benefit plans and
$14 million of deferred compensation in fiscal 2017. We are unable to reliably estimate the amount of these payments beyond fiscal 2017. As of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 our total liability for uncertain tax positions and accrued interest and penalties was
$209 million. 

 see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this report. Our
significant accounting estimates are those that have a meaningful impact on the reporting of our financial condition and results of operations. These estimates include our accounting for promotional expenditures
 valuation of long-lived assets
intangible assets
 redeemable interest
 stock-based compensation
 income taxes
 and defined benefit pension
 other postretirement benefit
 and postemployment benefit plans. 
Our promotional
activities are conducted through our customers and directly or indirectly with end consumers. These activities include: payments to customers to perform merchandising activities on our behalf
 such as advertising or in-store displays; discounts to
our list prices to lower retail shelf prices; payments to gain distribution of new products; coupons
 contests
 and other incentives; and media and advertising expenditures. The recognition of these costs requires estimation of customer
participation and performance levels. These estimates are based on the forecasted customer sales
 the timing and forecasted costs of promotional activities
 and other factors. Differences between estimated expenses and actual costs are recognized as
a change in management estimate in a subsequent period. Our accrued trade
 coupon
 and consumer marketing liabilities were $564 million as of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 and $565 million as of May&nbsp;31
 2015. Because our total promotional expenditures
(including amounts classified as a reduction of revenues) are significant
 if our estimates are inaccurate we would have to make adjustments in subsequent periods that could have a significant effect on our results of operations. 
 



 

circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset (or asset group) may not be recoverable. Fair value is measured using discounted cash flows or independent appraisals
 as appropriate. 
Goodwill and other
indefinite-lived intangible assets are not subject to amortization and are tested for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. Our estimates of fair value for goodwill impairment
testing are determined based on a discounted cash flow model. We use inputs from our long-range planning process to determine growth rates for sales and profits. We also make estimates of discount rates
 perpetuity growth assumptions
 market
comparables
We evaluate the useful lives of our other intangible assets
 mainly brands
 to determine if they are finite or
indefinite-lived. Reaching a determination on useful life requires significant judgments and assumptions regarding the future effects of obsolescence
 demand
 competition
 other economic factors (such as the stability of the industry
 known
technological advances
 legislative action that results in an uncertain or changing regulatory environment
 and expected changes in distribution channels)
 the level of required maintenance expenditures
 and the expected lives of other related
groups of assets. Intangible assets that are deemed to have definite lives are amortized on a straight-line basis
 over their useful lives
 generally ranging from 4 to 30 years. Our estimate of the fair value of our brand assets is based on a
discounted cash flow model using inputs which include projected revenues from our long-range plan
 assumed royalty rates that could be payable if we did not own the brands
 and a discount rate. 

 2016
 we had $12.9 billion of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. While we currently believe that the fair value of each
intangible exceeds its carrying value and that those intangibles so classified will contribute indefinitely to our cash flows
 materially different assumptions regarding future performance of our businesses or a different weighted-average cost of
capital could result in material impairment losses and amortization expense. We performed our fiscal 2016 assessment of our intangible assets as of August&nbsp;31
 2015. As of our annual assessment date
 there was no impairment of any of our
intangible assets as their related fair values were substantially in excess of the carrying values
brands. The excess fair value above the carrying value of these brand assets were as
follows: 











































 brands have experienced declining business performance
 and we will
Our strategies for fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018 will focus our growth investments on our brands and platforms with
the strongest profitable growth potential. As a result
 certain parts of our U.S. Retail segment could experience reduced future sales projections.&nbsp;We performed a sensitivity analysis for certain brand intangible assets and determined that
while not impaired as of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 the 
In fiscal 2016
 we adjusted
the redemption value of Sodiaal&#146;s redeemable interest in Yoplait SAS based on a discounted cash flow model. The significant assumptions used to estimate the redemption value include projected revenue growth and profitability from our long-range
plan
 capital spending
 depreciation and taxes
 foreign currency exchange rates
 and a discount rate. As of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 the redemption value of the redeemable interest was $846 million. 
 



 

impact on our financial statements. Annually
 we make predictive assumptions regarding future stock price volatility
 employee exercise behavior
 dividend yield
 and the forfeiture rate. For more information on these assumptions
 please refer to
The estimated fair values of stock options granted and the assumptions
used for the Black-Scholes option-pricing model were as follows: 

































































































































The risk-free interest rate for periods during the expected term of the options is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon
yield curve in effect at the time of grant. An increase in the expected term by 1 year
 leaving all other assumptions constant
 would increase the grant date fair value by less than 1 percent. If all other assumptions are held constant
 a one
percentage point increase in our fiscal 2016 volatility assumption would increase the grant date fair value of our fiscal 2016 option awards by 7 percent. 

 we are not required to true up grant-date fair value-based expense to final intrinsic values.
However
 these differences can impact the classification of cash tax benefits realized upon exercise of stock options
 as explained in the following two paragraphs. Furthermore
 historical data has a significant bearing on our forward-looking
assumptions. Significant variances between actual and predicted experience could lead to prospective revisions in our assumptions
 which could then significantly impact the year-over-year comparability of stock-based compensation expense. 

tax benefit) is presented in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as a financing cash flow. The actual impact on future years&#146; financing cash flows will depend
 in part
 on the volume of employee stock option exercises during a particular
year and the relationship between the exercise-date market value of the underlying stock and the original grant-date fair value previously determined for financial reporting purposes. 

which are less than that previously recognized in earnings) are first offset against the cumulative balance of windfall tax benefits
 if any
 and then charged directly to income tax expense
 potentially resulting in volatility in our consolidated
effective income tax rate. We calculated a cumulative amount of windfall tax benefits for the purpose of accounting for future shortfall tax benefits and currently have sufficient cumulative windfall tax benefits to absorb projected arising
shortfalls
 such that we do not currently expect future earnings to be affected by this provision. However
 as employee stock option exercise behavior is not within our control
 it is possible that significantly different reported results could
occur if different assumptions or conditions were to prevail. 
 



 

 we recognize the amount of tax benefit
that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement. Future changes in judgment related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions will affect earnings in the quarter of such change. For
more information on income taxes
Defined Benefit
Pension
 Other Postretirement Benefit
We have defined benefit pension plans covering many employees in the
United States
 Canada
 France
 and the United Kingdom. We also sponsor plans that provide health care benefits to many of our retirees in the United States
 Canada
 and Brazil. Under certain circumstances
 we also provide accruable benefits to
former and inactive employees in the United States
 Canada
 and Mexico
 and members of our Board of Directors
 including severance and certain other benefits payable upon death. Please refer to Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in
Item&nbsp;8 of this report for a description of our defined benefit pension
 other postretirement benefit
We recognize
benefits provided during retirement or following employment over the plan participants&#146; active working lives. Accordingly
 we make various assumptions to predict and measure costs and obligations many years prior to the settlement of our
obligations. Assumptions that require significant management judgment and have a material impact on the measurement of our net periodic benefit expense or income and accumulated benefit obligations include the long-term rates of return on plan
assets
 the interest rates used to discount the obligations for our benefit plans
Expected Rate of Return on Plan
Our expected rate of return on plan assets is determined by our asset allocation
 our historical long-term investment performance
 our
estimate of future long-term returns by asset class (using input from our actuaries
 investment services
 and investment managers)
 and long-term inflation assumptions. We review this assumption annually for each plan; however
 our annual investment
performance for one particular year does not
 by itself
Our historical investment returns (compound annual
growth rates) for our United States defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets were 0.7 percent
 7.8 percent
 6.6 percent
 7.4 percent
 and 8.6 percent for the 1
 5
 10
 15
 and 20 year periods ended May&nbsp;29
 2016. 

 the expected rate of return for all defined benefit plans was 8.53 percent for fiscal 2016
 8.53 percent for fiscal 2015
 and
8.53 percent for fiscal 2014. During fiscal 2016
 we lowered our weighted-average expected rate of return on plan assets for our principal defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans in the United States to 8.25 percent due to asset
Lowering the expected long-term rate of return on assets by 100 basis points would increase our
net pension and postretirement expense by $64 million for fiscal 2017. A market-related valuation basis is used to reduce year-to-year expense volatility. The market-related valuation recognizes certain investment gains or losses over a five-year
period from the year in which they occur. Investment gains or losses for this purpose are the difference between the expected return calculated using the market-related value of assets and the actual return based on the market-related value of
assets. Our outside actuaries perform these calculations as part of our determination of annual expense or income. 

 other postretirement benefit
 and
postemployment benefit plan obligations. We work with our outside actuaries to determine the timing and amount of expected future cash outflows to plan participants and
 using the Aa Above Median corporate bond yield
 to develop a forward interest
rate curve
 including a margin to that index based on our credit risk. This forward interest rate curve is applied to our expected future cash outflows to determine our discount rate assumptions. 
 



 































Obligations as of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 and fiscal 2017&nbsp;expense













Obligations as of May&nbsp;31
 2015
 and fiscal 2016 expense








































Lowering the discount rates by 100 basis points would increase our net defined benefit pension
 other postretirement benefit
and postemployment benefit plan expense for fiscal 2017 by approximately $96 million. All obligation-related experience gains and losses are amortized using a straight-line method over the average remaining service period of active plan
We
review our health care cost trend rates annually. Our review is based on data we collect about our health care claims experience and information provided by our actuaries. This information includes recent plan experience
 plan design
 overall
industry experience and projections
 and assumptions used by other similar organizations. Our initial health care cost trend rate is adjusted as necessary to remain consistent with this review
 recent experiences
 and short-term expectations. Our
initial health care cost trend rate assumption is 7.5 percent for retirees age 65 and over and 7.3 percent for retirees under age 65 at the end of fiscal 2016. Rates are graded down annually until the ultimate trend rate of 5.0 percent is reached in
2024 for all retirees. The trend rates are applicable for calculations only if the retirees&#146; benefits increase as a result of health care inflation. The ultimate trend rate is adjusted annually
 as necessary
 to approximate the current economic
view on the rate of long-term inflation plus an appropriate health care cost premium. Assumed trend rates for health care costs have an important effect on the amounts reported for the other postretirement benefit plans. 




































Effect on the other postretirement accumulated benefit obligation as of May&nbsp;29
 2016


















Any arising health care claims cost-related experience gain or loss is recognized in the calculation of expected future
claims. Once recognized
 experience gains and losses are amortized using a straight-line method over 10 years
 resulting in at least the minimum amortization required being recorded. 
In fiscal 2016
 we recorded
net defined benefit pension
 other postretirement benefit
 and postemployment benefit plan expense of $163 million compared to $153 million of expense in fiscal 2015 and $140 million of expense in fiscal 2014. As of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 we had
cumulative unrecognized actuarial net losses of $1.9 billion on our defined benefit pension plans and $72 million on our postretirement and postemployment benefit plans
 mainly as the result of liability increases from lower interest rates
partially offset by recent increases in the values of plan assets. These unrecognized actuarial net losses will result in increases in our future pension and postretirement benefit expenses because they currently exceed the corridors defined by
Assumed mortality rates of plan participants are a critical estimate in measuring the expected payments a participant will receive over their
lifetime and the amount of expense we recognize. On October&nbsp;27
 2014
 the Society of Actuaries published RP-2014 Mortality Tables and Mortality Improvement Scale MP-2014
 which both reflect 
 




improved longevity. In fiscal 2015
 we adopted the change to the mortality assumptions to remeasure our defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans obligations
 which
increased the total of these obligations by $437 million in fiscal 2015. In addition
 these assumptions increased the fiscal 2016 expense associated with these plans by $72 million. 

 other postretirement benefit
 and postemployment benefit plan income or expense will depend on investment
performance
 changes in future discount rates
 changes in health care cost trend rates
 and other factors related to the populations participating in these plans. 
In March
2016
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued new accounting requirements for the accounting and presentation of stock-based payments. This will result in realized windfall and shortfall tax benefits upon exercise or vesting of
stock-based awards being recorded in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings in addition to other presentation changes. The requirements of the new standard are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2016
 and
interim periods within those annual periods
 which for us is the first quarter of fiscal 2018. Early adoption is permitted. We are in the process of analyzing the impact on our results of operations and financial position. 

 the FASB issued new accounting requirements for accounting
 presentation and classification of leases. This will result in most leases being
capitalized as a right of use asset with a related liability on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The requirements of the new standard are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2018
 and interim periods within those
annual periods
 which for us is the first quarter of fiscal 2020. We are in the process of analyzing the impact on our results of operations and financial position. 

 the FASB issued new accounting requirements for the presentation of certain investments using the net asset value
 providing a practical
expedient to exclude such investments from categorization within the fair value hierarchy and separate disclosure. The requirements of the new standard are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2015
 and interim
periods within those annual periods
 which for us is the first quarter of fiscal 2017. We do not expect this guidance to have a material impact on our results of operations or financial position. 

 the FASB issued new accounting requirements which permits reporting entities with a fiscal year-end that does not coincide with a month-end to
apply a practical expedient that permits the entity to measure defined benefit plan assets and obligations using the month-end that is closest to the entity&#146;s fiscal year-end and apply such practical expedient consistently to all plans. The
requirements of the new standard are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2015
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 which for us is the first quarter of fiscal 2017. We do not expect this guidance to
In May 2014
 the FASB issued new accounting requirements for the recognition
of revenue from contracts with customers. The requirements of the new standard and its subsequent amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2017
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 which
for us is the first quarter of fiscal 2019. We do not expect this guidance to have a material impact on our results of operations or financial position. 
 



 

investors
For each of these non-GAAP financial measures
 we are providing below a
reconciliation of the differences between the non-GAAP measure and the most directly comparable GAAP measure
 an explanation of why our management or the Board of Directors believes the non-GAAP measure provides useful information to investors and
any additional purposes for which our management or Board of Directors uses the non-GAAP measure. These non-GAAP measures should be viewed in addition to
 and not in lieu of
 the comparable GAAP measure. 
This
measure is used in reporting to our executive management and as a component of the Board of Directors&#146; measurement of our performance for incentive compensation purposes. We believe that this measure provides useful information to investors
because it provides transparency to underlying performance in our consolidated net sales by excluding the effect that foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations have on the year-to-year comparability given volatility in foreign currency exchange
markets. 


































































 



Diluted EPS Excluding Certain Items Affecting Comparability and Related Constant-currency Growth Rate
This measure is used in reporting to our executive management and as a component of the Board of Directors&#146; measurement of our performance
for incentive compensation purposes. We believe that this measure provides useful information to investors because it is the profitability measure we use to evaluate earnings performance on a comparable year-over-year basis. The adjustments are
either items resulting from infrequently occurring events or items that
 in management&#146;s judgment
 significantly affect the year-over-year assessment of operating results. 

 diluted EPS
 to diluted EPS excluding certain items affecting comparability and the related constant-currency growth
rate follows: 





















































Diluted earnings per share
 as reported



















































Divestitures gain
 net (b)





















































































































































































Diluted earnings per share
 excluding certain items
affecting comparability



















































Diluted earnings per share
growth
 excluding certain items affecting comparability
 on a constant-currency basis































































subsidiary and an increase to income taxes related to the liquidation of a corporate investment. Additionally
 fiscal 2013 includes changes in deferred taxes associated with the Medicare Part D subsidies related to the Patient Protection and
Affordable Care Act
 as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010. 




 Yoki in fiscal 2013
 and Yoplait SAS and Yoplait Marques SNC in fiscal 2012. 











See our reconciliation
below of the effective income tax rate as reported to the effective income tax rate excluding certain items affecting comparability for the tax impact of each item affecting comparability. 


compensation purposes. We believe that this measure provides useful information to investors because it is the profitability measure we use to evaluate segment performance. A reconciliation of total segment operating profit to operating profit
 the
relevant GAAP measure
 is included in Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this report. 
 



 



































































excluding the effect that foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations have on year-to-year comparability given volatility in foreign currency exchange markets. 




































































underlying performance by excluding the effect that foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations have on year-to-year comparability given volatility in foreign currency exchange markets. 































































































































































































































 



 

by excluding the effect that foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations have on year-to-year comparability given volatility in foreign currency exchange markets. 
























































 



 
Change
in adjusted return on average total capital is a measure used in reporting to our executive management and as a component of the Board of Director&#146;s measurement of our performance for incentive compensation purposes. We believe that this
measure provides useful information to investors because it is important for assessing the utilization of capital and it eliminates certain items that affect year-to-year comparability. The calculation of adjusted return on average total capital and
return on average total capital
 its GAAP equivalent follows: 





















































Net earnings
 including earnings attributable to redeemable and noncontrolling interests


1
736.8&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


























Interest
 net
 after-tax

























Earnings before interest
 after-tax


1
929.9&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


























Adjustments
 after-tax (a):



















































Divestitures gain
 net





















































































































































































Adjusted earnings before interest
 after-tax for adjusted return on capital calculation


2
021.9&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;























































1
103.4&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
























































7
057.7&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;






























8
430.9&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


















































































4
930.2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;






























14
583.6&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;






























2
612.2&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
























































17
634.9&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
































































14
973.4&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

























































































17
827.9&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



































































































































































































 



 

Effective income tax rates excluding certain items
affecting comparability are calculated as follows: 



















































May&nbsp;29
 2016


May&nbsp;31
 2015


May&nbsp;25
 2014


May&nbsp;26
 2013


May&nbsp;27
 2012





































2
403.6





























































































































































































































































































































































































2
479.9





















































































































































































































Average number of common










































Impact of income tax adjustments on diluted EPS excluding certain items affecting
comparability




























































subsidiary and an increase to income taxes related to the liquidation of a corporate investment. Additionally
 fiscal 2013 includes changes in deferred taxes associated with the Medicare Part D subsidies related to the Patient Protection and
Affordable Care Act
 as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010. 




 Yoki in fiscal 2013
 and Yoplait SAS and Yoplait Marques SNC in fiscal 2012. 




 



Free Cash Flow Conversion rate and Total Cash Returned to Shareholders as a Percentage of Free Cash Flow
We believe these measures provide useful information to investors because they are important for assessing our efficiency in converting earnings
to cash and returning cash to shareholders. The calculation of free cash flow conversion rate and net cash provided by operating activities conversion rate
 its equivalent GAAP measure follows: 














Net earnings
 including earnings attributable to
redeemable and noncontrolling interests
 as reported


1
736.8


Mark-to-market effects
 net of tax (a)





Divestitures (gain)
 net of tax (b)





Restructuring costs
 net of tax (c)





Project-related costs
 net of tax (c)





Adjusted net earnings
 including earnings attributable to redeemable and noncontrolling
interests


1
828.8








2
629.8


Purchases of land
 buildings
 and equipment








1
900.5



































1
071.7








Proceeds from common stock issued on exercised
options








1
506.5




























See our reconciliation
above of the effective income tax rate as reported to the effective income tax rate excluding certain items affecting comparability for the tax impact of each item affecting comparability. 
 



Adjusted Operating Profit as a Percent of Net Sales Excluding Certain Items Affecting Comparability
We believe this measure provides useful information to investors because it is important for assessing our operating profit margin on a
comparable basis. Adjusted operating profit excludes certain items affecting comparability. 





































































2
707.4




















































































Divestitures (gain)
&nbsp;(b)






























































































































































































































































2
783.7

























































 Yoki in fiscal 2013
 and Yoplait SAS and Yoplait Marques SNC in fiscal 2012. 











CAUTIONARY STATEMENT
RELEVANT TO FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSE OF &#147;SAFE HARBOR&#148; PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995 

are based on our current expectations and assumptions. We also may make written or oral forward-looking statements
 including statements contained in our filings with the SEC and in our reports to shareholders. 

&#148; &#147;are expected to
&#148; &#147;will continue
&#148; &#147;is anticipated
&#148; &#147;estimate
&#148;
&#147;plan
&#148; &#147;project
&#148; or similar expressions identify &#147;forward-looking statements&#148; within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results and those currently anticipated or projected. We wish to caution you not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements. 

 we are identifying important factors that
could affect our financial performance and could cause our actual results in future periods to differ materially from any current opinions or statements. 

 such as: competitive dynamics in the consumer foods industry and the markets for our products
including new product introductions
 advertising activities
 pricing actions
 and promotional activities of our competitors; economic conditions
 including changes in inflation rates
 interest rates
 tax rates
 or the availability of capital;
product development and innovation; consumer acceptance of new products and product improvements; consumer reaction to pricing actions and changes in promotion levels; acquisitions or dispositions of businesses or assets; changes in capital
structure; changes in the legal and regulatory environment
 including labeling and advertising regulations and litigation; impairments in the carrying value of goodwill
 other intangible assets
 or other long-lived assets
 or changes in the useful
lives of other intangible assets; changes in accounting standards and the impact of significant accounting estimates; product quality and safety issues
 including recalls and product liability; changes in consumer demand for our products;
effectiveness of advertising
 marketing
 and promotional programs; changes in consumer behavior
 trends
 and preferences
 including weight loss trends; consumer perception of health-related issues
 including obesity; consolidation in the retail 
 




environment; changes in purchasing and inventory levels of significant customers; fluctuations in the cost and availability of supply chain resources
 including raw materials
 packaging
 and
energy; disruptions or inefficiencies in the supply chain; effectiveness of restructuring and cost savings initiatives; volatility in the market value of derivatives used to manage price risk for certain commodities; benefit plan expenses due to
changes in plan asset values and discount rates used to determine plan liabilities; failure or breach of our information technology systems; foreign economic conditions
 including currency rate fluctuations; and political unrest in foreign markets
You should also consider the risk factors that we identify in Item&nbsp;1A of this report
 which could
We undertake no obligation to publicly revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the
Item&nbsp;7A Quantitative and
We are exposed to market risk stemming from changes in interest and foreign exchange rates and commodity
and equity prices. Changes in these factors could cause fluctuations in our earnings and cash flows. In the normal course of business
 we actively manage our exposure to these market risks by entering into various hedging transactions
 authorized
under established policies that place clear controls on these activities. The counterparties in these transactions are generally highly rated institutions. We establish credit limits for each counterparty. Our hedging transactions include but are
not limited to a variety of derivative financial instruments. For information on interest rate
 foreign exchange
 commodity price
 and equity instrument risk
 please see Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this report.
The estimates in the table below are
intended to measure the maximum potential fair value we could lose in one day from adverse changes in market interest rates
 foreign exchange rates
 commodity prices
 and equity prices under normal market conditions. A Monte Carlo value-at-risk
(VAR) methodology was used to quantify the market risk for our exposures. The models assumed normal market conditions and used a 95 percent confidence level. 

 and commodity and equity prices from the past year to estimate the potential
volatility and correlation of these rates in the future. The market data were drawn from the RiskMetrics&#153; data set. The calculations are not intended to represent actual losses in fair value that we expect to incur. Further
 since the hedging
instrument (the derivative) inversely correlates with the underlying exposure
 we would expect that any loss or gain in the fair value of our derivatives would be generally offset by an increase or decrease in the fair value of the underlying
exposure. The positions included in the calculations were: debt; investments; interest rate swaps; foreign exchange forwards; commodity swaps
 futures and options; and equity instruments. The calculations do not include the underlying foreign
exchange and commodities or equity-related positions that are offset by these market-risk-sensitive instruments. 
 




interest rate
 foreign currency
 commodity
 and equity market-risk-sensitive instruments outstanding as of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 and May&nbsp;31
 2015
 and the average fair value impact during the year ended May&nbsp;29
 2016. 
























May&nbsp;29

















































































 








 Inc. is responsible for the fairness and accuracy of the consolidated financial statements. The statements have been prepared
in accordance with accounting principles that are generally accepted in the United States
 using management&#146;s best estimates and judgments where appropriate. The financial information throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K is consistent
Management has established a system of internal controls that provides reasonable assurance that assets are
adequately safeguarded and transactions are recorded accurately in all material respects
 in accordance with management&#146;s authorization. We maintain a strong audit program that independently evaluates the adequacy and effectiveness of internal
controls. Our internal controls provide for appropriate separation of duties and responsibilities
 and there are documented policies regarding use of our assets and proper financial reporting. These formally stated and regularly communicated
The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors meets regularly with management
 internal
auditors
 and our independent registered public accounting firm to review internal control
 auditing
 and financial reporting matters. The independent registered public accounting firm
 internal auditors
 and employees have full and free access to
The Audit Committee reviewed and approved the Company&#146;s annual financial statements. The Audit Committee
recommended
 and the Board of Directors approved
 that the consolidated financial statements be included in the Annual Report. The Audit Committee also appointed KPMG LLP to serve as the Company&#146;s independent registered public accounting firm
for fiscal 2017. 



































June&nbsp;30
 2016 
 



 
General Mills
 Inc.:
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of General Mills
 Inc. and subsidiaries as of May&nbsp;29
 2016 and May&nbsp;31
 2015
 and
the related consolidated statements of earnings
 comprehensive income
 total equity and redeemable interest
 and cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended May&nbsp;29
 2016. In connection with our audits of the
consolidated financial statements
 we have audited the accompanying financial statement schedule. We also have audited General Mills
 Inc.&#146;s internal control over financial reporting as of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 based on criteria established in
&nbsp;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). General Mills
 Inc.&#146;s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements
and financial statement schedule
 for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
 and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 included in the accompanying Item 9A Management&#146;s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule and an opinion on the Company&#146;s internal control over financial
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all
material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management
 and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk
that a material weakness exists
 and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the
A company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting is a
process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#146;s
internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1)&nbsp;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the
Company; (2)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the Company
are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (3)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 




 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
the financial position of General Mills
 Inc. and subsidiaries as of May&nbsp;29
 2016 and May&nbsp;31
 2015
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended May&nbsp;29
 2016
 in
conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Also in our opinion
 the accompanying financial statement schedule
 when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole
 presents fairly
 in all
material respects
 the information set forth therein. Also in our opinion
 General Mills
 Inc. maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 based on criteria established in
/s/ KPMG
Minneapolis
June&nbsp;30
 2016 
 



 

 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Except per Share Data) 








































16
563.1




















10
733.6

















Selling
 general
 and administrative expenses


3
118.9




































Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs



































2
707.4

















Interest
 net



































2
403.6





































































Net earnings
 including earnings attributable to redeemable and noncontrolling interests


1
736.8





















































1
697.4





























































































































 



 

 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 






































Net earnings
 including earnings attributable to redeemable and noncontrolling interests


1
736.8

















Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax:
























































































































































































Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax




































1
437.4




















































1
395.9

























 
 



 

 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Except Par Value) 














May&nbsp;29



May 31














































1
360.8










1
413.7


































3
937.2











Land
 buildings
 and equipment


3
743.6










8
741.2










4
538.6


































21
712.3












































2
046.5










1
103.4




















1
595.0
























5
014.7














7
057.7










1
399.6










2
087.6
























15
559.6

















































Common stock
 754.6 shares issued
 $0.10 par value












1
177.0










12
616.5







Common stock in treasury
 at cost
 shares of 157.8 and 155.9


(6
326.6










(2
612.2
























4
930.2






































5
307.1
























21
712.3

















 



Consolidated Statements of Total Equity
 and Redeemable Interest 

 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Except per Share Data) 






















































































































































Balance as of May&nbsp;26
 2013


































































































































































































































































































































































































Distributions to redeemable and noncontrolling interest
holders









































Balance as of May&nbsp;25
 2014













































































































































































































































































































































































































































Distributions to redeemable and noncontrolling interest
holders









































Balance as of May&nbsp;31
 2015


































































































































































































































































































































































































Distributions to redeemable and noncontrolling interest
holders









































Balance as of May&nbsp;29
 2016










$1
177.0







(6
326.6



$12
616.5



(2
612.2







$5
307.1
















































 



 

 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 















































Net earnings
 including earnings attributable to redeemable and noncontrolling interests














































































































































Divestitures (gain)
 net













Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs













Changes in current assets and liabilities
 excluding the effects of acquisitions and
divestitures













Other
 net



































2
629.8













































Purchases of land
 buildings
 and equipment













Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired













Investments in affiliates
 net













Proceeds from disposal of land
 buildings
 and equipment









































Other
 net

















































































































(1
000.4



























































(1
071.7







































Other
 net



































(2
285.6











































































































































Cash Flow from Changes in Current Assets and Liabilities
 excluding the effects of acquisitions
and divestitures:


































































































































 
 



 

 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
Our
Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of General Mills
 Inc. and all subsidiaries in which we have a controlling financial interest. Intercompany transactions and accounts
 including any noncontrolling and redeemable interests&#146;
share of those transactions
Our fiscal year ends on the last Sunday in May. Fiscal years 2016 and 2014 consisted of 52
weeks
 while fiscal year 2015 consisted of 53 weeks. 

 in fiscal 2016 we changed the reporting period of Yoplait SAS and Yoplait
Marques SNC within our International segment and Annie&#146;s
 Inc. (Annie&#146;s) within our U.S. Retail segment from an April fiscal year-end to a May fiscal year-end to match our fiscal calendar. Accordingly
 in fiscal 2016
 our results included
13 months of results from the affected operations. The impact of these changes was not material to our consolidated results of operations. Our General Mills Brasil Alimentos Ltda (Yoki) and India businesses remain on an April fiscal year end. 

 
We
consider all investments purchased with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 

 using the last-in
 first-out (LIFO) method
 or market. Grain inventories
Inventories outside of
the United States are generally valued at the lower of cost
 using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method
Shipping costs associated with the
distribution of finished product to our customers are recorded as cost of sales
 and are recognized when the related finished product is shipped to and accepted by the customer. 
Land
 Buildings
 Equipment
Land
is recorded at historical cost. Buildings and equipment
 including capitalized interest and internal engineering costs
 are recorded at cost and depreciated over estimated useful lives
 primarily using the straight-line method. Ordinary maintenance
and repairs are charged to cost of sales. Buildings are usually depreciated over 40 years
 and equipment
 furniture
 and software are usually depreciated over 3 to 10 years. Fully depreciated assets are retained in buildings and equipment until
disposal. When an item is sold or retired
 the accounts are relieved of its cost and related accumulated depreciation and the resulting gains and losses
 if any
 are recognized in earnings. As of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 assets held for sale were
Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset
(or asset group) may not be recoverable. An impairment loss would be recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows from the operation and disposition of the asset group are less than the carrying amount of the asset group. Asset groups
have identifiable cash flows and are largely independent of other asset groups. Measurement of an impairment loss would be based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset group over its fair value. Fair value is measured using a discounted
cash flow model or independent appraisals
 as appropriate. 
 



 

occurred. In fiscal 2016
 we changed the date of our annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment assessment from the first day of the third quarter to the first day of the second quarter to more closely align with the timing of
our annual long-range planning process. Impairment testing is performed for each of our reporting units. We compare the carrying value of a reporting unit
 including goodwill
 to the fair value of the unit. Carrying value is based on the assets and
liabilities associated with the operations of that reporting unit
 which often requires allocation of shared or corporate items among reporting units. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 we revalue all assets and
liabilities of the reporting unit
 excluding goodwill
 to determine if the fair value of the net assets is greater than the net assets including goodwill. If the fair value of the net assets is less than the carrying amount of net assets including
goodwill
 impairment has occurred. Our estimates of fair value are determined based on a discounted cash flow model. Growth rates for sales and profits are determined using inputs from our long-range planning process. We also make estimates of
discount rates
 perpetuity growth assumptions
 market comparables
We evaluate the useful lives of our other intangible assets
 mainly
brands
 to determine if they are finite or indefinite-lived. Reaching a determination on useful life requires significant judgments and assumptions regarding the future effects of obsolescence
 demand
 competition
 other economic factors (such as
the stability of the industry
 known technological advances
 legislative action that results in an uncertain or changing regulatory environment
 and expected changes in distribution channels)
 the level of required maintenance expenditures
 and the
expected lives of other related groups of assets. Intangible assets that are deemed to have definite lives are amortized on a straight-line basis
 over their useful lives
 generally ranging from 4 to 30 years. 

 mainly intangible assets primarily associated with the 
 
 

 
 
 
 brands
 are also tested for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be
recoverable. Our estimate of the fair value of the brands is based on a discounted cash flow model using inputs which included projected revenues from our long-range plan
 assumed royalty rates that could be payable if we did not own the brands
 and
Our finite-lived intangible assets
 primarily acquired franchise agreements and customer relationships
 are reviewed for impairment
whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. An impairment loss would be recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows from the operation and disposition of the asset
are less than the carrying amount of the asset. Assets generally have identifiable cash flows and are largely independent of other assets. Measurement of an impairment loss would be based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset over its
fair value. Fair value is measured using a discounted cash flow model or other similar valuation model
Investments in
Our investments in companies over which we have the ability to exercise significant influence are stated at cost
plus our share of undistributed earnings or losses. We receive royalty income from certain joint ventures
 incur various expenses (primarily research and development)
 and record the tax impact of certain joint venture operations that are structured
as partnerships. In addition
 we make advances to our joint ventures in the form of loans or capital investments. We also sell certain raw materials
 semi-finished goods
 and finished goods to the joint ventures
 generally at market prices. 

 we assess our investments in our joint ventures if we have reason to believe an impairment may have occurred including
 but not limited to
 as a
results of ongoing operating losses
 projected decreases in earnings
 increases in the weighted average cost of capital
 or significant business disruptions. The significant assumptions used to estimate fair value include revenue growth and
profitability
 royalty rates
 capital spending
 depreciation and taxes
 foreign currency exchange rates
 and a discount rate. By their nature
 these projections and assumptions are uncertain. If we were to determine the current fair value of our
investment was less than the carrying value of the investment
 then we would assess if the shortfall was of a temporary or permanent nature and write down the investment to its fair value if we concluded the impairment is other than temporary. 
 



 

 a consolidated entity. Sodiaal International (Sodiaal) holds the remaining 49 percent interest in
Yoplait SAS. Sodiaal has the ability to put all or a portion of its redeemable interest to us at fair value once per year
 up to three times before December 2024. This put option requires us to classify Sodiaal&#146;s interest as a redeemable
interest outside of equity on our Consolidated Balance Sheets for as long as the put is exercisable by Sodiaal. When the put is no longer exercisable
 the redeemable interest will be reclassified to noncontrolling interests on our Consolidated
Balance Sheets. We adjust the value of the redeemable interest through additional paid-in capital on our Consolidated Balance Sheets quarterly to the redeemable interest&#146;s redemption value
 which approximates its fair value. During the second
quarter of fiscal 2016
 we adjusted the redeemable interest&#146;s redemption value based on a discounted cash flow model. The significant assumptions used to estimate the redemption value include projected revenue growth and profitability from our
long-range plan
 capital spending
 depreciation
 taxes
 foreign currency exchange rates
 and a discount rate. 

net of consumer coupon redemption
 trade promotion and other costs
 including estimated allowances for returns
 unsalable product
 and prompt pay discounts. Sales
 use
 value-added
 and other excise taxes are not recognized in revenue. Coupons are
recorded when distributed
 based on estimated redemption rates. Trade promotions are recorded based on estimated participation and performance levels for offered programs at the time of sale. We generally do not allow a right of return. However
 on
a limited case-by-case basis with prior approval
 we may allow customers to return product. In limited circumstances
 product returned in saleable condition is resold to other customers or outlets. Receivables from customers generally do not bear
interest. Terms and collection patterns vary around the world and by channel. The allowance for doubtful accounts represents our estimate of probable non-payments and credit losses in our existing receivables
 as determined based on a review of past
due balances and other specific account data. Account balances are written off against the allowance when we deem the amount is uncollectible. 
Environmental costs relating to
existing conditions caused by past operations that do not contribute to current or future revenues are expensed. Liabilities for anticipated remediation costs are recorded on an undiscounted basis when they are probable and reasonably estimable
generally no later than the completion of feasibility studies or our commitment to a plan of action. 

All expenditures for
research and development (R&amp;D) are charged against earnings in the period incurred. R&amp;D includes expenditures for new product and manufacturing process innovation
 and the annual expenditures are comprised primarily of internal salaries
wages
 consulting
 and supplies attributable to R&amp;D activities. Other costs include depreciation and maintenance of research facilities
 including assets at facilities that are engaged in pilot plant activities. 
For all significant
foreign operations
 the functional currency is the local currency. Assets and liabilities of these operations are translated at the period-end exchange rates. Income statement accounts are translated using the average exchange rates prevailing
during the period. Translation adjustments are reflected within accumulated other comprehensive loss (AOCI) in stockholders&#146; equity. Gains and losses from foreign currency transactions are included in net earnings for the period
 except for
gains and losses on investments in subsidiaries for which settlement is not planned for the foreseeable future and foreign exchange gains and losses on instruments designated as net investment hedges. These gains and losses are recorded in AOCI.

 



 

 and are
recorded in either current or noncurrent assets or liabilities based on their maturity. Changes in the fair values of derivatives are recorded in net earnings or other comprehensive income
 based on whether the instrument is designated and effective
as a hedge transaction and
 if so
 the type of hedge transaction. Gains or losses on derivative instruments reported in AOCI are reclassified to earnings in the period the hedged item affects earnings. If the underlying hedged transaction ceases to
exist
 any associated amounts reported in AOCI are reclassified to earnings at that time. Any ineffectiveness is recognized in earnings in the current period. 
We generally measure
compensation expense for grants of restricted stock units using the value of a share of our stock on the date of grant. We estimate the value of stock option grants using a Black-Scholes valuation model. Stock-based compensation is recognized
straight line over the vesting period. Our stock-based compensation expense is recorded in selling
 general and administrative (SG&amp;A) expenses and cost of sales in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings and allocated to each reportable segment
Certain equity-based compensation plans contain provisions that accelerate vesting of awards upon retirement
 termination
 or
death of eligible employees and directors. We consider a stock-based award to be vested when the employee&#146;s retention of the award is no longer contingent on providing subsequent service. Accordingly
 the related compensation cost is generally
recognized immediately for awards granted to retirement-eligible individuals or over the period from the grant date to the date retirement eligibility is achieved
 if less than the stated vesting period. 

 thereby reducing net operating cash flows and
Defined Benefit Pension
 Other Postretirement Benefit
 and Postemployment Benefit Plans 

 health care
 and other welfare benefits to retired employees. Under certain
circumstances
 we also provide accruable benefits to former or inactive employees in the United States
 Canada
 and Mexico and members of our Board of Directors
 including severance and certain other benefits payable upon death. We recognize an
obligation for any of these benefits that vest or accumulate with service. Postemployment benefits that do not vest or accumulate with service (such as severance based solely on annual pay rather than years of service) are charged to expense when
We recognize the underfunded or overfunded status of a defined benefit pension plan as an asset
or liability and recognize changes in the funded status in the year in which the changes occur through AOCI. 

and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. These
estimates include our accounting for promotional expenditures
 valuation of long-lived assets
 intangible assets
 redeemable interest
 stock-based compensation
 income taxes
 and defined benefit pension
 other postretirement benefit and
postemployment benefit plans. Actual results could differ from our estimates. 

 we adopted new accounting requirements on the financial statement presentation of unrecognized tax benefits when a net
operating loss
 a similar tax loss
 or a tax credit carryforward exists. The adoption of this guidance did not have an impact on our results of operations or financial position. 

 we adopted new accounting requirements for share-based payment awards issued based upon specific performance targets.
The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our results of operations or financial position. 
 




 we adopted new accounting requirements for the classification of debt
issuance costs presented in the balance sheet as a direct reduction from the carrying amount of the debt liability. This presentation change has been implemented retroactively.&nbsp;The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on our
In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016
 we adopted new accounting requirements for the presentation of deferred tax assets and
liabilities
 requiring noncurrent classification for all deferred tax assets and liabilities on the statement of financial position. This presentation change has been implemented retroactively. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material
impact on our financial position. 
 

 we sold our General Mills de Venezuela CA subsidiary to a third party and exited our business in
Venezuela. As a result of this transaction
 we recorded a pre-tax loss of $37.6 million. In addition
 we sold our General Mills Argentina S.A. foodservice business in Argentina to a third party and recorded a pre-tax loss of $14.8 million. 

 we sold our North American Green Giant product lines for $822.7 million in cash
 and we recorded a pre-tax gain of
$199.1 million. We received net cash proceeds of $788.0 million after transaction related costs. After the divestiture
 we retained a brand intangible asset on our Consolidated Balance Sheets of $30.1 million related to our continued use of the
During the second quarter of fiscal 2015
 we acquired Annie&#146;s
 a publicly
traded food company headquartered in Berkeley
 California
 for an aggregate purchase price of $821.2 million
 which we funded by issuing debt. We consolidated Annie&#146;s into our Consolidated Balance Sheets and recorded goodwill of $589.8 million
 brand of $244.5 million
 and a finite lived customer relationship asset of $23.9 million. The pro forma effects of this acquisition were not material. 
NOTE 4. RESTRUCTURING
 IMPAIRMENT
 AND OTHER EXIT COSTS 
In
fiscal 2015
 brand intangible asset in restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs. See Note 6 for additional information. 
We view our restructuring
activities as actions that help us meet our long-term growth targets. Activities we undertake must meet internal rate of return and net present value targets. Each restructuring action normally takes one to two years to complete. At completion (or
as each major stage is completed in the case of multi-year programs)
 the project begins to deliver cash savings and/or reduced depreciation. These activities result in various restructuring costs
 including asset write-offs
 exit charges including
severance
 contract termination fees
 and decommissioning and other costs. Accelerated depreciation associated with restructured assets
 as used in the context of our disclosures regarding restructuring activity
 refers to the increase in
depreciation expense caused by shortening the useful life or updating the salvage value of depreciable fixed assets to coincide with the end of production under an approved restructuring plan. Any impairment of the asset is recognized immediately in
the period the plan is approved. 
 




focus our business behind our key growth strategies. Charges recorded in fiscal 2016 and 2015 related to these initiatives were as follows: 










































































































































































































































































































Charges associated with restructuring actions previously
announced




















































































































































In the first quarter of fiscal 2016
 we approved Project Compass
 a restructuring plan designed to enable our International
segment to accelerate long-term growth through increased organizational effectiveness and reduced administrative expense. In connection with this project
 we expect to eliminate approximately 725 to 775 positions. We expect to incur approximately
$60 million of net expenses relating to this action of which approximately $60 million will be cash. We recorded $54.7 million of restructuring charges relating to this action in fiscal 2016. We expect this action to be completed by the end of
Project Century (Century) began in fiscal 2015 as a review of our North American manufacturing and distribution network to streamline
operations and identify potential capacity reductions. In the second quarter of fiscal 2016
 we broadened the scope of Project Century to identify opportunities to streamline our supply chain outside of North America. As part of the expanded
project
 we approved a restructuring plan to close manufacturing facilities in our International segment supply chain located in Berwick
 United Kingdom and East Tamaki
 New Zealand. These actions affected approximately 285 positions. We expect to
incur total restructuring charges of approximately $41 million relating to these actions
 of which approximately $20 million will be cash. We recorded $30.0 million of restructuring charges relating to these actions in fiscal 2016. We expect these
As part of Century
 in the first quarter of fiscal 2016
 we approved a restructuring plan to close our
West Chicago
 Illinois cereal and dry dinner manufacturing plant in our U.S. Retail segment supply chain. This action will affect approximately 500 positions
 and we expect to incur approximately $117 million of net expenses relating to this action
of which approximately $53 million will be cash. We recorded $79.2 million of restructuring charges relating to this action in fiscal 2016. We expect this action to be completed by the end of fiscal 2019. 

 in the first quarter of fiscal 2016
 we approved a restructuring plan to close our Joplin
 Missouri snacks plant in our U.S. Retail
segment supply chain. This action affected approximately 120 positions
 and we incurred $6.3 million of net expenses relating to this action
 of which less than $1 million was cash. We recorded $6.3 million of restructuring charges relating to this
As part of Century
 in the third quarter of fiscal 2015
 we approved a restructuring
plan to reduce our refrigerated dough capacity and exit our Midland
 Ontario
 Canada and New Albany
 Indiana facilities
 which support our U.S. Retail
 International
 and Convenience Stores and Foodservice supply chains. The Midland action will
affect approximately 100 positions
 and we expect to incur approximately $23 million of net expenses relating to this action
 of which approximately $16 million will be cash. We recorded $2.7 million of restructuring charges relating to this action
in fiscal 2016. We recorded $6.5 million of restructuring charges relating to this action in fiscal 2015. The New Albany action will affect approximately 400 positions
 and we expect to incur approximately $82 million of net expenses relating to
this action of which approximately $40 million will be cash. We recorded $17.1 million of restructuring charges relating to this action in fiscal 2016 and $51.3 million in fiscal 2015. We expect these actions to be completed by the end of fiscal
2018. 
 




 in the second quarter of fiscal 2015
 we approved a restructuring plan to consolidate yogurt
manufacturing capacity and exit our Methuen
 Massachusetts facility in our U.S. Retail segment and Convenience Stores and Foodservice segment supply chains.&nbsp;This action affected approximately 175 positions. We expect to incur approximately $58
million of net expenses relating to this action of which approximately $12 million will be cash. We recorded $15.6 million of restructuring charges relating to this action in fiscal 2016 and $43.6 million in fiscal 2015. This action was largely
As part of Century
 in the second quarter of fiscal 2015
 we approved a restructuring plan to eliminate excess cereal and dry
mix capacity and exit our Lodi
 California facility in our U.S. Retail supply chain.&nbsp;This action affected approximately 430 positions. We incurred $93.8 million of net expenses relating to this action of which $20 million was cash. We recorded
$30.6 million of restructuring charges relating to this action in fiscal 2016 and $63.2 million in fiscal 2015. This action was completed in fiscal 2016. 

 we incurred $1.1 million of restructuring charges in fiscal 2016
 relating to Century
and $17.2 million in fiscal 2015
During the second quarter of fiscal 2015
 we approved Project Catalyst
 a restructuring
plan to increase organizational effectiveness and reduce overhead expense. In connection with this project
 we eliminated approximately 750 positions primarily in the United States. We incurred $140.9 million of net expenses relating to these
actions of which $118 million will be cash. In fiscal 2016
 we reduced the estimate of charges related to this action by $7.5 million. We recorded $148.4 million of restructuring charges relating to this action in fiscal 2015. These actions were
During the first quarter of fiscal 2015
 we approved a plan to combine certain Yoplait and General Mills operational
facilities within our International segment to increase efficiencies and reduce costs.&nbsp;This action will affect approximately 240 positions. We expect to incur approximately $15 million of net expenses relating to this action of which
approximately $12 million will be cash. We recorded $13.9 million of restructuring charges relating to this action in fiscal 2015. We expect this action to be completed in fiscal 2017. 

 we recorded $3.6 million of restructuring charges related to a productivity and cost savings plan approved in the fourth quarter of fiscal
In fiscal 2016
 we paid $122.6 million in cash relating to restructuring initiatives. In
fiscal 2015
 we paid $63.6 million in cash relating to restructuring initiatives. In fiscal 2014
 we paid $22.4 million in cash related to restructuring actions. 

 we expect to incur approximately $109 million of additional project-related costs
 which will be recorded in cost of
sales
 all of which will be cash. We recorded project-related costs in cost of sales of $57.5 million in fiscal 2016 and $13.2 million in fiscal 2015. In addition
 we paid $54.5 million in cash in fiscal 2016 and $9.7 million in fiscal 2015 for
project-related costs. 















































Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs





































































 




 included in other current liabilities
 is as
follows: 




































Reserve balance as of May&nbsp;26
 2013

















2014 charges
 including foreign



































Reserve balance as of May&nbsp;25
 2014

















2015 charges
 including foreign



































Reserve balance as of May&nbsp;31
 2015

















2016 charges
 including foreign



































Reserve balance as of May&nbsp;29
 2016


































The charges recognized in the roll forward of our reserves for restructuring and other exit costs do not include items charged
directly to expense (e.g.
 asset impairment charges
 the gain or loss on the sale of restructured assets
 and the write-off of spare parts) and other periodic exit costs recognized as incurred
 as those items are not reflected in our restructuring
and other exit cost reserves on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 

 which manufactures and markets ready-to-eat cereal products in
more than 130 countries outside the United States and Canada. CPW also markets cereal bars in several European countries and manufactures private label cereals for customers in the United Kingdom. We have guaranteed a portion of CPW&#146;s debt and
We also have a 50 percent equity interest in H&auml;agen-Dazs Japan
 Inc. (HDJ). This joint venture
Results from our CPW and HDJ joint ventures are reported for
the 12 months ended March&nbsp;31. 















May&nbsp;29








































































































































 



 


















































1
674.8





























2
044.2

































































































May&nbsp;29






























1
457.3



























 
 















May&nbsp;29










8
741.2






























4
147.5

















Franchise agreements
 customer relationships
 and other finite-lived intangibles
































4
538.6










13
279.8
















Based on the carrying value of finite-lived intangible assets as of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 amortization expense for each of the
next five fiscal years is estimated to be approximately $28 million. 
 




 2015
 and 2016 are as follows: 










































Balance as of May&nbsp;26
 2013














































Other activity
 primarily foreign currency
translation





















Balance as of May&nbsp;25
 2014














































Other activity
 primarily foreign currency
translation





















Balance as of May&nbsp;31
 2015




































































Other activity
 primarily foreign currency
translation





















Balance as of May&nbsp;29
 2016


6
292.9



1
121.0











8
741.2























In fiscal 2015
 we reorganized certain reporting units within our U.S. Retail operating segment. Our chief operating decision
maker continues to assess performance and make decisions about resources to be allocated to our segments at the U.S. Retail
 International
 and Convenience Stores and Foodservice operating segment level. 

 and determined there was no impairment of
The changes in the carrying
amount of other intangible assets for fiscal 2014
 2015
 and 2016 are as follows: 



































Balance as of May&nbsp;26
 2013




















Other activity
 primarily foreign currency
translation

















Balance as of May&nbsp;25
 2014
























































Other activity
 primarily foreign currency
translation

















Balance as of May&nbsp;31
 2015
























































Other activity
 primarily amortization and foreign
currency translation

















Balance as of May&nbsp;29
 2016


3
211.7



1
263.9







4
538.6




















 




 there was no impairment of any of our indefinite-lived intangible assets
as their related fair values were substantially in excess of the carrying values
brand assets. The excess fair value above the carrying value of these brand assets is as follows:


















































Our strategies for fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018 will focus our growth investments on our brands and platforms with the
strongest profitable growth potential. As a result
 certain parts of our U.S. Retail segment could experience reduced future sales projections. We performed a sensitivity analysis for certain brand intangible assets and determined that
 while not
impaired as of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 the 

 we made a strategic decision to redirect certain resources supporting our Green Giant business in our U.S. Retail segment to other businesses
within the segment. Therefore
 future sales and profitability projections in our long-range plan for this business declined. As a result of this triggering event
 brand
intangible asset as of May&nbsp;31
 2015
 and determined that the fair value of the brand asset no longer exceeded the carrying value of the asset. Significant assumptions used in that assessment included our updated long-range cash flow projections
for the Green Giant business
 an updated royalty rate
 a weighted-average cost of capital
 and a tax rate. We recorded a $260.0 million impairment charge in restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs in fiscal 2015 related to this asset. 
NOTE 7. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
 RISK MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES
 AND FAIR VALUES 
The carrying
values of cash and cash equivalents
 receivables
 accounts payable
 other current liabilities
 and notes payable approximate fair value. Marketable securities are carried at fair value. As of May&nbsp;29
 2016 and May&nbsp;31
 2015
 a comparison of
cost and market values of our marketable debt and equity securities is as follows: 



































































































































































































































































There were no realized gains or losses from sales of available-for-sale marketable securities. Gains and losses are determined
by specific identification. Classification of marketable securities as current or noncurrent is dependent upon our intended holding period
 and/or the security&#146;s maturity date. The aggregate unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale
securities
 net of tax effects
 are classified in AOCI within stockholders&#146; equity. 
 



 


































































As of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 cash and cash equivalents totaling $7.5 million were pledged as collateral for derivative contracts.
As of May&nbsp;29
 2016
The fair
value and carrying amounts of long-term debt
 including the current portion
 were $8
629.0 million and $8
161.1 million
 respectively
 as of May&nbsp;29
 2016. The fair value of long-term debt was estimated using market quotations and discounted
cash flows based on our current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of instruments. Long-term debt is a Level 2 liability in the fair value hierarchy. 
As a part of our ongoing
operations
 we are exposed to market risks such as changes in interest and foreign currency exchange rates and commodity and equity prices. To manage these risks
 we may enter into various derivative transactions (e.g.
 futures
 options
 and swaps)
pursuant to our established policies. 

our principal ingredients and energy costs
 including grains (oats
 wheat
 and corn)
 oils (principally soybean)
 dairy products
 natural gas
 and diesel fuel. Our primary objective when entering into these derivative contracts is to achieve
certainty with regard to the future price of commodities purchased for use in our supply chain. We manage our exposures through a combination of purchase orders
 long-term contracts with suppliers
 exchange-traded futures and options
 and
over-the-counter options and swaps. We offset our exposures based on current and projected market conditions and generally seek to acquire the inputs at as close to our planned cost as possible. 

derivative positions. Accordingly
 the changes in the values of these derivatives are recorded currently in cost of sales in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings. 

 we believe that these instruments are effective in achieving our objective of providing
certainty in the future price of commodities purchased for use in our supply chain. Accordingly
 for purposes of measuring segment operating performance these gains and losses are reported in unallocated corporate items outside of segment operating
results until such time that the exposure we are managing affects earnings. At that time we reclassify the gain or loss from unallocated corporate items to segment operating profit
 allowing our operating segments to realize the economic effects of
the derivative without experiencing any resulting mark-to-market volatility
 which remains in unallocated corporate items. 
 




 2015 and 2014 included: 















































Net loss on commodity positions reclassified from unallocated corporate items to segment operating
profit













Net mark-to-market revaluation of certain grain
inventories













Net mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions recognized in unallocated corporate
items


























As of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 the net notional value of commodity derivatives was $295.4 million
 of which $189.1 million related
to agricultural inputs and $106.3 million related to energy inputs. These contracts relate to inputs that generally will be utilized within the next 12 months. 
We are exposed to interest rate
volatility with regard to future issuances of fixed-rate debt
 and existing and future issuances of floating-rate debt. Primary exposures include U.S. Treasury rates
 LIBOR
 Euribor
 and commercial paper rates in the United States and Europe. We use
interest rate swaps
 forward-starting interest rate swaps
 and treasury locks to hedge our exposure to interest rate changes
 to reduce the volatility of our financing costs
 and to achieve a desired proportion of fixed rate versus floating-rate
debt
 based on current and projected market conditions. Generally under these swaps
 we agree with a counterparty to exchange the difference between fixed-rate and floating-rate interest amounts based on an agreed upon notional principal amount.
Floating Interest Rate Exposures &#151; Floating-to-fixed interest rate swaps are accounted for as cash flow hedges
 as are all hedges of forecasted
issuances of debt. Effectiveness is assessed based on either the perfectly effective hypothetical derivative method or changes in the present value of interest payments on the underlying debt. Effective gains and losses deferred to AOCI are
reclassified into earnings over the life of the associated debt. Ineffective gains and losses are recorded as net interest. The amount of hedge ineffectiveness was less than $1 million in each of fiscal 2016
 2015
 and 2014. 

in the fair value of the underlying debt and derivatives
 using incremental borrowing rates currently available on loans with similar terms and maturities. Ineffective gains and losses on these derivatives and the underlying hedged items are
recorded as net interest. The amount of hedge ineffectiveness was less than $1 million in fiscal 2016
 an $1.6 million gain in fiscal 2015
 and less than $1 million in fiscal 2014. 

 in advance of planned debt financing
 we entered into $400.0 million of treasury locks with an average fixed rate of 2.1 percent due
February&nbsp;15
In advance of planned debt financing
 we entered into &#128;600.0&nbsp;million of forward starting swaps with an average fixed
rate of 0.5 percent. All of these forward starting swaps were cash settled for $6.5 million in fiscal 2015
 coincident with the issuance of our &#128;500&nbsp;million 8-year fixed-rate notes and &#128;400&nbsp;million 12-year fixed-rate notes. 

 we entered into swaps to convert $500.0 million of 1.4 percent fixed-rate notes due October&nbsp;20
 2017
 and $500.0 million of 2.2 percent
fixed-rate notes due October&nbsp;21
 2019
In advance of planned debt financing
 we entered into $250.0 million of treasury locks
with an average fixed rate of 1.99 percent. All of these treasury locks were cash settled for $17.9 million in fiscal 2014
 coincident with the issuance of our $500.0 million 10-year fixed-rate notes. 
 




 2016
 the pre-tax amount of cash-settled interest rate hedge gain or loss remaining in AOCI
which will be reclassified to earnings over the remaining term of the related underlying debt
 follows: 













5.7% notes due February&nbsp;15
 2017





5.65% notes due February&nbsp;15
 2019





3.15% notes due December&nbsp;15
 2021





1.0% notes due April&nbsp;27
 2023





3.65% notes due February&nbsp;15
 2024





1.5% notes due April&nbsp;27
 2027





5.4% notes due June&nbsp;15
 2040





4.15% notes due February&nbsp;15
 2043
















The following table summarizes the notional amounts and weighted-average interest rates of our interest rate derivatives.
Average floating rates are based on rates as of the end of the reporting period. 














May&nbsp;29










1
000.0











































































 




that are recorded in our Consolidated Balance Sheets to the net fair values that could be reported in our Consolidated Balance Sheets: 






















































May&nbsp;29
 2016
















































































































































































































































































































































































































 

























































May&nbsp;31
 2015





























































































































































































































































































































































FOREIGN
Foreign currency fluctuations affect our net investments in foreign subsidiaries and foreign currency cash flows related to third party
purchases
 intercompany loans
 product shipments
 and foreign-denominated debt. We are also exposed to the translation of foreign currency earnings to the U.S. dollar. Our principal exposures are to the Australian dollar
 Brazilian real
 British
pound sterling
 Canadian dollar
 Chinese renminbi
 euro
 Japanese yen
 Mexican peso
 and Swiss franc. We primarily use foreign currency forward contracts to selectively hedge our foreign currency cash flow exposures. We also generally swap our
foreign-denominated commercial paper borrowings and nonfunctional currency intercompany loans back to U.S. dollars or the functional currency of the entity with foreign exchange exposure. The gains or losses on these derivatives offset the foreign
As of
May&nbsp;29
 2016
 the net notional value of foreign exchange derivatives was $997.7 million. The amount of hedge ineffectiveness was less than $1 million in each of fiscal 2016
 2015
 and 2014. 

euro-denominated commercial paper and foreign exchange forward contracts. In fiscal 2016
 we entered into a net investment hedge for a portion of our net investment in foreign operations denominated in euros by issuing &#128;500.0&nbsp;million of
euro-denominated bonds. In fiscal 2015
 we entered into a net investment hedge for a portion of our net investment in foreign operations denominated in euros by issuing &#128;900.0&nbsp;million of euro-denominated bonds. In fiscal 2014
 we entered
into a net investment hedge for a portion of our net investment in foreign operations denominated in euros by issuing &#128;500.0&nbsp;million of euro-denominated bonds. As of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 we had deferred net foreign currency transaction
Venezuela is a highly inflationary economy and as such
 we remeasured the value of the
assets and liabilities of our former Venezuelan subsidiary based on the exchange rate at which we expected to remit dividends in U.S. dollars 
 




from the SIMADI market. In fiscal 2015
 we recorded an $8 million foreign exchange loss. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016
 we sold our General Mills de Venezuela CA subsidiary to a third
party and exited our business in Venezuela. 

equity swaps to manage this risk. As of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 the net notional amount of our equity swaps was $113.5 million. These swap contracts mature in fiscal 2017. 


 liabilities
 and derivative positions recorded at fair value and their respective levels in the fair value hierarchy as of
May&nbsp;29
 2016 and May&nbsp;31
 2015
 were as follows: 






































May&nbsp;29
 2016


May&nbsp;29
 2016






























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Total assets
 liabilities
 and derivative positions recorded at fair value







































































 other assets
 other current liabilities or other liabilities
 as appropriate
 based on whether in a gain or loss position.
Certain marketable investments are recorded as cash and cash equivalents. 








 as appropriate
 based on whether in a gain or loss position. 
















marketplace. These assets had a carrying value of $28.2 million and were associated with the restructuring actions described in Note 4. 
 









































May&nbsp;31
 2015


May&nbsp;31
 2015
































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Total assets
 liabilities
 and derivative positions recorded at fair value







































































 other assets
 other current liabilities or other liabilities
 as appropriate
 based on whether in a gain or loss position.
Certain marketable investments are recorded as cash and cash equivalents. 








 as appropriate
 based on whether in a gain or loss position. 
















marketplace. These assets had a carrying value of $68.1&nbsp;million and were associated with the restructuring actions described in Note&nbsp;4. 



 brand asset to its fair value of $154.3&nbsp;million. This asset had a carrying value of
We did not significantly change our valuation techniques from prior
periods. 
 




 fair value hedges
 and other derivatives not designated as hedging
instruments for the fiscal years ended May&nbsp;29
 2016 and May&nbsp;31
 2015
 follows: 






















































































































































































































































































Derivatives in Fair Value Hedging Relationships: Amount of net gain recognized in earnings
(d)



















































































Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments: Amount of net gain (loss) recognized in earnings
(d)



























































































 net for interest rate swaps and in cost of sales and SG&amp;A expenses for foreign exchange contracts. 




 including SG&amp;A expenses for foreign exchange contracts and interest
 net for interest rate contracts. No amounts
were reported as a result of being excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness. 




 net for interest rate contracts
 in cost of sales for commodity contracts
 and in SG&amp;A expenses for equity contracts and foreign exchange contracts.


 2016
 the after-tax amounts of unrealized gains and losses in AOCI related to hedge derivatives follows: 




















Unrealized gains from foreign currency cash flow
hedges
















The net amount of pre-tax gains and losses in AOCI as of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 that we expect to be reclassified into net
earnings within the next 12 months is $1.2 million of loss. 

credit rating agencies. If our debt were to fall below investment grade
 the counterparties to the derivative instruments could request full collateralization on derivative instruments in net liability positions. The aggregate fair value of all
derivative instruments with credit-risk-related contingent features 
 




that were in a liability position on May&nbsp;29
 2016
 was $21.9 million. We have posted $7.5 million of collateral under these contracts. If the credit-risk-related contingent features
underlying these agreements had been triggered on May&nbsp;29
 2016
 we would have been required to post $14.4 million of collateral to counterparties. 


 customer concentration was as follows: 
























































































































































No customer other than Wal-Mart accounted for 10 percent
We enter into interest rate
 foreign exchange
 and certain commodity and equity derivatives
 primarily with a
diversified group of highly rated counterparties. We continually monitor our positions and the credit ratings of the counterparties involved and
 by policy
 limit the amount of credit exposure to any one party. These transactions may expose us to
potential losses due to the risk of nonperformance by these counterparties; however
 we have not incurred a material loss. We also enter into commodity futures transactions through various regulated exchanges. 

 should the counterparties fail to perform according to the terms of the contracts
 is $14.8
million against which we do not hold collateral. Under the terms of our swap agreements
 some of our transactions require collateral or other security to support financial instruments subject to threshold levels of exposure and counterparty credit
We
offer certain suppliers access to a third party service that allows them to view our scheduled payments online. The third party service also allows suppliers to finance advances on our scheduled payments at the sole discretion of the supplier and
the third party. We have no economic interest in these financing arrangements and no direct relationship with the suppliers
 the third party
 or any financial institutions concerning this service. All of our accounts payable remain as obligations to
our suppliers as stated in our supplier agreements. As of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 $537.0 million of our total accounts payable is payable to suppliers who utilize this third party service. 
 
The components
of notes payable and their respective weighted-average interest rates at the end of the periods were as follows: 






















May&nbsp;29
 2016

































































































 



To
ensure availability of funds
 we maintain bank credit lines sufficient to cover our outstanding notes payable. Commercial paper is a continuing source of short-term financing. We have commercial paper programs available to us in the United States
The following table details the fee-paid
committed and uncommitted credit lines we had available as of May&nbsp;29
 2016: 

























































































In fiscal 2016
 we entered into a $2.7 billion fee-paid committed credit facility that is scheduled to expire in May 2021.
Concurrent with the execution of this credit facility
In fiscal 2015
 our subsidiary
Yoplait S.A.S.
The credit
facilities contain covenants
 including a requirement to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 2.5 times. We were in compliance with all credit facility covenants as of May&nbsp;29
 2016. 
In January 2016
 we issued
&#128;500.0&nbsp;million principal amount of floating-rate notes due January&nbsp;15
 2020. Interest on the notes are payable quarterly in arrears. The notes are not generally redeemable prior to maturity. These notes are senior unsecured
In
January 2016
In April 2015
 we issued
&#128;500.0&nbsp;million principal amount of 1.0 percent fixed-rate notes due April&nbsp;27
 2023 and &#128;400.0&nbsp;million principal amount of 1.5 percent fixed-rate notes due April&nbsp;27
 2027. Interest on the notes is payable annually in
arrears. The notes may be redeemed in whole
 or in part
 at our option at any time at the applicable redemption price. These notes are senior unsecured obligations that include a change of control repurchase provision. The net proceeds were used for
In March 2015
 we repaid $750.0 million of 5.2 percent notes. 

 we issued $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 1.4 percent fixed-rate notes due October&nbsp;20
 2017 and $500.0 million aggregate
principal amount of 2.2 percent fixed-rate notes due October&nbsp;21
 2019. Interest on the notes is payable semi-annually in arrears. The notes may be redeemed in whole
 or in part
 at our option at any time at the applicable redemption price. The
notes are senior unsecured obligations that include a change of control repurchase provision. The net proceeds were used to fund our acquisition of Annie&#146;s and for general corporate purposes. 
 




 our subsidiary
 Yoplait S.A.S.
 issued &#128;200.0&nbsp;million principal amount of 2.2 percent
fixed-rate senior notes due June&nbsp;24
 2021 in a private placement offering. Interest on the notes is payable semi-annually in arrears. The notes may be redeemed in whole
 or in part
 at our subsidiary&#146;s option at any time at the applicable
redemption price. The notes are senior unsecured obligations that include a change of control repurchase provision. The net proceeds were used to refinance existing debt. 

 we repaid &#128;290.0&nbsp;million of floating-rate notes. 















May&nbsp;29







5.65% notes due February&nbsp;15
 2019


1
150.0







5.7% notes due February&nbsp;15
 2017


1
000.0







3.15% notes due December&nbsp;15
 2021


1
000.0







Euro-denominated 2.1% notes due November&nbsp;16
 2020









Euro-denominated 1.0% notes due April&nbsp;27
 2023









Floating-rate euro-denominated notes due January&nbsp;15
 2020









1.4% notes due October&nbsp;20
 2017









5.4% notes due June&nbsp;15
 2040









4.15% notes due February&nbsp;15
 2043









3.65% notes due February&nbsp;15
 2024









2.2% notes due October&nbsp;21
 2019









Floating-rate notes due January&nbsp;29
 2016









Euro-denominated 1.5% notes due April&nbsp;27
 2027









0.875% notes due January&nbsp;29
 2016









Floating-rate notes due January&nbsp;28
 2016









Euro-denominated 2.2% notes due June&nbsp;24
 2021









Medium-term notes
 0.02% to 6.44%
 due fiscal 2017 or later









Other
 including debt issuance costs and capital
leases












8
161.1










(1
103.4










7
057.7
















Principal payments due on long-term debt in the next five years based on stated contractual maturities
 our intent to redeem
or put rights of certain note holders are $1
103.4 million in fiscal 2017
 $604.7 million in fiscal 2018
 $1
150.4 million in fiscal 2019
 $1
056.0 million in fiscal 2020
 and $555.9 million in fiscal 2021. 

 2016
 we were in compliance with all of these covenants. 

 2016
 the $49.5 million pre-tax loss recorded in AOCI associated with our previously designated interest rate swaps will be reclassified to
net interest over the remaining lives of the hedged transactions. The amount expected to be reclassified from AOCI to net interest in fiscal 2017 is a $10.0 million pre-tax loss. 
 

 Yoplait Marques SNC
 Libert&eacute; Marques S&agrave;rl
and General Mills Cereals
 LLC (GMC) subsidiaries. In addition
 we have six foreign subsidiaries that have noncontrolling interests totaling $7.0 million as of May&nbsp;29
 2016. 

holds the remaining interests in each of the entities. On the acquisition date
 we 
 




recorded the $904.4 million fair value of Sodiaal&#146;s 49 percent euro-denominated interest in Yoplait SAS as a redeemable interest on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Sodiaal has the ability
to put all or a portion of its redeemable interest to us at fair value once per year
 up to three times before December 2024. We adjust the value of the redeemable interest through additional paid-in capital on our Consolidated Balance Sheets
quarterly to the redeemable interest&#146;s redemption value
 which approximates its fair value. Yoplait SAS pays dividends annually if it meets certain financial metrics set forth in its shareholders agreement. As of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 the
On the acquisition dates
 we recorded the $281.4 million fair value of
Sodiaal&#146;s 50 percent euro-denominated interest in Yoplait Marques SNC and 50 percent Canadian dollar-denominated interest in Libert&eacute; Marques S&agrave;rl as noncontrolling interests on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Yoplait Marques SNC
&nbsp;and related trademarks. Libert&eacute; Marques S&agrave;rl earns a royalty stream through licensing agreements with certain Yoplait
group companies for the rights to&nbsp;

 we paid $74.5 million of dividends to Sodiaal under the terms of the Yoplait SAS and Yoplait Marques SNC shareholder agreements. 

July&nbsp;1
The holder of the GMC Class&nbsp;A Interests
receives quarterly preferred distributions from available net income based on the application of a floating preferred return rate to the holder&#146;s capital account balance established in the most recent mark-to-market valuation (currently $251.5
million).&nbsp;On June&nbsp;1
 2015
 the floating preferred return rate on GMC&#146;s Class&nbsp;A interests was reset to the sum of three-month LIBOR plus 125 basis points. The preferred return rate is adjusted every three years through a
For financial reporting purposes
 the assets
 liabilities
results of operations
 and cash flows of our non-wholly owned subsidiaries are included in our Consolidated Financial Statements. The third-party investor&#146;s share of the net earnings of these subsidiaries is reflected in net earnings
Our noncontrolling interests contain restrictive
covenants. As of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 we were in compliance with all of these covenants. 
 

 without par value
 is authorized but unissued. 

 2014
 our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 100&nbsp;million shares of our common stock. Purchases under the authorization
can be made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions
 including the use of call options and other derivative instruments
 Rule 10b5-1 trading plans
 and accelerated repurchase programs. The authorization has no specified
termination date. 
 



 






































































































































Net earnings
 including earnings attributable to
redeemable and noncontrolling interests










1
697.4


























































































































































































Amortization of losses and prior service costs
(b)






















































1
395.9




































 net for interest rate swaps and in cost of sales and SG&amp;A expenses for foreign exchange contracts. 




 




























































Net earnings
 including earnings attributable to
redeemable and noncontrolling interests






































































































































































































Amortization of losses and prior service costs
(b)




























































































 net for interest rate swaps and in cost of sales and SG&amp;A expenses for foreign exchange contracts. 





























































Net earnings
 including earnings attributable to
redeemable and noncontrolling interests






































































































































































































Amortization of losses and prior service
costs&nbsp;(b)




























































































 net for interest rate swaps and in cost of sales and SG&amp;A expenses for foreign exchange contracts. 



In fiscal 2016
 2015
 and 2014
except for reclassifications to earnings
 changes in other comprehensive income (loss) were primarily non-cash items. 
 




 net of tax effects
 were as follows: 















May&nbsp;29















































Pension
 other postretirement
 and postemployment benefits:












(1
958.2




















(2
612.2

















 

May&nbsp;29
 2016
 a total of 24.3&nbsp;million shares were available for grant in the form of stock options
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 and shares of unrestricted stock under the 2011 Stock Compensation Plan (2011 Plan) and the 2011
Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors. The 2011 Plan also provides for the issuance of cash-settled share-based units
 stock appreciation rights
 and performance-based stock awards. Stock-based awards now outstanding include some granted
under the 2005
 2006
 2007
 and 2009 stock plans
 under which no further awards may be granted. The stock plans provide for potential accelerated vesting of awards upon retirement
 termination
 or death of eligible employees and directors. 
The estimated fair values of stock
options granted and the assumptions used for the Black-Scholes option-pricing model were as follows: 

































































































































We estimate the fair value of each option on the grant date using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model
 which requires us to
make predictive assumptions regarding future stock price volatility
 employee exercise behavior
 dividend yield
 and the forfeiture rate. We estimate our future stock price volatility using the historical volatility over the expected term of the
option
 excluding time periods of volatility we believe a marketplace participant would exclude in estimating our stock price volatility. We also have considered
 but did not use
 implied volatility in our estimate
 because trading activity in
options on our stock
 especially those with tenors of greater than 6 months
Our
expected term represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding based on historical data to estimate option exercises and employee terminations within the valuation model. Separate groups of employees have similar
historical exercise behavior and therefore were aggregated into a single pool for valuation purposes. The weighted-average expected term for all employee groups is presented in the table above. The risk-free interest rate for periods during the
expected term of the options is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve in effect at the time of grant. 
 




recognized in earnings (referred to as a windfall tax benefit) is presented in our Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as a financing cash flow. 

which are less than that previously recognized in earnings) are first offset against the cumulative balance of windfall tax benefits
 if any
 and then charged directly to income tax expense
 potentially resulting in volatility in our consolidated
effective income tax rate. We calculated a cumulative memo balance of windfall tax benefits for the purpose of accounting for future shortfall tax benefits. 

 and generally vest four years after the date of grant. Options
generally expire within 10 years and one month after the date of grant. 





































Balance as of May&nbsp;26
 2013











































































Balance as of May&nbsp;25
 2014











































































Balance as of May&nbsp;31
 2015











































































Balance as of May&nbsp;29
 2016


22
385.1







32
401.6





Stock-based compensation expense related to stock option awards was $14.8 million in fiscal 2016
 $18.1 million in fiscal
2015
 and $18.2 million in fiscal 2014. Compensation expense related to stock-based payments recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings includes amounts recognized in restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs for fiscal 2016 and
Net cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options less shares used for minimum withholding taxes and the intrinsic value of options exercised
were as follows: 









































































Restricted Stock
 Restricted Stock Units
 and Performance Share Units 

 if any (as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of
Directors)
 may be granted to key employees under the 2011 Plan. Restricted stock and restricted stock units generally vest and become unrestricted four years after the date of grant. Performance share units are earned based on our future
achievement of three-year goals for average organic net sales growth and cumulative free cash flow. Performance share units are settled in common stock and are generally 
 




subject to a three year performance and vesting period. The sale or transfer of these awards is restricted during the vesting period. Participants holding restricted stock
 but not restricted
stock units or performance share units
 are entitled to vote on matters submitted to holders of common stock for a vote. These awards accumulate dividends from the date of grant
 but participants only receive payment if the awards vest. 















































Non-vested as of May&nbsp;31
 2015
























































Forfeited
 expired
 or reclassified

















Non-vested as of May&nbsp;29
 2016


5
100.4



































































1
351.5







































The total grant-date fair value of restricted stock unit awards that vested during fiscal 2016 was $101.8 million and $133.7
As of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested stock options
 restricted stock
units
 and performance share units was $93.9 million. This expense will be recognized over 18 months
Stock-based compensation expense
related to restricted stock units and performance share units was $76.8 million for fiscal 2016
 $96.6 million for fiscal 2015
 and $107.0 million for fiscal 2014. Compensation expense related to stock-based payments recognized in our Consolidated
Statements of Earnings includes amounts recognized in restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs for fiscal 2016 and 2015. 
 



 
 





















In Millions
 Except per Share Data













1
697.4




































































Restricted stock units
 performance share units
 and
other









































































 restricted stock units
 and performance share units are computed by the treasury stock method. Stock options
 restricted stock units
 and performance share units excluded from our
computation of diluted EPS because they were not dilutive were as follows: 
































Anti-dilutive stock options
 restricted stock units
 and performance share units



























 
We have
defined benefit pension plans covering many employees in the United States
 Canada
 France
 and the United Kingdom. Benefits for salaried employees are based on length of service and final average compensation. Benefits for hourly employees include
various monthly amounts for each year of credited service. Our funding policy is consistent with the requirements of applicable laws. We made no voluntary contributions to our principal U.S. plans in fiscal 2016
 2015 and 2014. We do not expect to
be required to make any contributions in fiscal 2017. Our principal domestic retirement plan covering salaried employees has a provision that any excess pension assets would be allocated to active participants if the plan is terminated within five
years of a change in control. All salaried employees hired on or after June&nbsp;1
 2013 are eligible for a retirement program that does not include a defined benefit pension plan. 
We also sponsor plans
that provide health care benefits to many of our retirees in the United States
 Canada
 and Brazil. The United States salaried health care benefit plan is contributory
 with retiree contributions based on years of service. We make decisions to fund
related trusts for certain employees and retirees on an annual basis. We made $24.0 million in voluntary contributions to these plans in fiscal 2016 and $24.0 million in voluntary contributions to these plans in fiscal 2015. 
 



 

































































We review our health care cost trend rates annually. Our review is based on data we collect about our health care claims
experience and information provided by our actuaries. This information includes recent plan experience
 plan design
 overall industry experience and projections
 and assumptions used by other similar organizations. Our initial health care cost trend
rate is adjusted as necessary to remain consistent with this review
 recent experiences
 and short-term expectations. Our initial health care cost trend rate assumption is 7.5 percent for retirees age 65 and over and 7.3 percent for retirees under
age 65 at the end of fiscal 2016. Rates are graded down annually until the ultimate trend rate of 5.0 percent is reached in 2024 for all retirees. The trend rates are applicable for calculations only if the retirees&#146; benefits increase as a
result of health care inflation. The ultimate trend rate is adjusted annually
 as necessary
 to approximate the current economic view on the rate of long-term inflation plus an appropriate health care cost premium. Assumed trend rates for health
A one percentage point change in the health care
cost trend rate would have the following effects: 


































Effect on the other postretirement accumulated benefit obligation as of May&nbsp;29
 2016


















The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act
 as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010
(collectively
 the Act) was signed into law in March 2010. The Act codifies health care reforms with staggered effective dates from 2010 to 2018. Estimates of the future impacts of several of the Act&#146;s provisions are incorporated into our
postretirement benefit liability. 

 we also provide accruable benefits to former or inactive employees in the United States
 Canada
 and Mexico
 and members of our
Board of Directors
 including severance and certain other benefits payable upon death. We recognize an obligation for any of these benefits that vest or accumulate with service. Postemployment benefits that do not vest or accumulate with service
(such as severance based solely on annual pay rather than years of service) are charged to expense when incurred. Our postemployment benefit plans are unfunded. 

 




 other postretirement benefit
 and postemployment
benefit plans is presented below: 



































































































5
758.5







































































































































































5
539.9































































6
252.1








1
079.6




























































































































































































































































6
448.5








1
028.9



































































Assumed mortality rates of plan participants are a critical estimate in measuring the expected payments a participant will
receive over their lifetime and the amount of expense we recognize. On October&nbsp;27
 2014
 the Society of Actuaries published RP-2014 Mortality Tables and Mortality Improvement Scale MP-2014
 which both reflect improved longevity. We adopted the
change to the mortality assumptions to remeasure our defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans obligations which increased the total of these obligations by $436.7 million in fiscal 2015. 

950.7 million as of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 and $5
750.4 million as of May&nbsp;31
2015. 
 




 2016 and May&nbsp;31
 2015
 are as follows: 






























































































(1
886.0
























(1
958.2












































(1
892.8
























(1
946.3



















































































































5
490.3

























4
998.3







1
024.7


















4
498.5



























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Benefit
Plans
















































 



 









































































































































































































































































































































































































Our
discount rate assumptions are determined annually as of the last day of our fiscal year for our defined benefit pension
 other postretirement benefit
 and postemployment benefit plan obligations. We also use the same discount rates to determine
defined benefit pension
 other postretirement benefit
 and postemployment benefit plan income and expense for the following fiscal year. We work with our outside actuaries to determine the timing and amount of expected future cash outflows to plan
participants and
 using the Aa Above Median corporate bond yield
 to develop a forward interest rate curve
 including a margin to that index based on our credit risk. This forward interest rate curve is applied to our expected future cash outflows
to determine our discount rate assumptions. 
 



 

 2016 and
May&nbsp;31
 2015
 by asset category were as follows: 






































May&nbsp;29
 2016


May&nbsp;31
 2015




































































1
543.7











2
945.4




































1
649.6






























































































































2
836.2



1
850.3







5
539.9












































































































































































































































































































































international equity securities
 mutual funds
 and equity futures valued at closing prices from national exchanges; and commingled funds
 privately held securities
 and private equity partnerships valued at unit values or net asset values provided
by the investment managers
 which are based on the fair value of the underlying investments. Various methods are used to determine fair values and may include the cost of the investment
 most recent financing
 and expected cash flows. For some of
these investments
 realization of the estimated fair value is dependent upon transactions between willing sellers and buyers. 




 managing fixed income exposure to policy allocations
 and managing duration targets. Investments include: fixed income
securities and bond futures generally valued at closing prices from national exchanges
 fixed income pricing models
 and independent financial analysts; and fixed income commingled funds valued at unit values provided by the investment managers
which are based on the fair value of the underlying investments. 




national exchanges; and commingled funds
 private securities
 and limited partnerships valued at unit values or net asset values provided by the investment managers
 which are generally based on the fair value of the underlying investments.





 fixed income
 and real estate securities for purposes of meeting Canadian pension plan asset allocation policies
 and insurance and annuity contracts to provide a stable stream of income
for retirees and to fund postretirement medical benefits. Fair values are derived from unit values provided by the investment managers
 which are generally based on the fair value of the underlying investments and contract fair values from the
providers. 
 




plans&#146; assets during the years ended May&nbsp;29
 2016 and May&nbsp;31
 2015: 































May&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015





Net&nbsp;Purchases








May&nbsp;29
&nbsp;2016





















































































































































































































































































May&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2014






Net&nbsp;Purchases









May&nbsp;31
&nbsp;2015





















































































































































































































































The net change in level 3 assets attributable to unrealized losses at May&nbsp;29
 2016
 was $108.2 million for our pension
plan assets and $3.2 million for our postretirement benefit plan assets. 

 our historical long-term investment performance
 our estimate of future
long-term returns by asset class (using input from our actuaries
 investment services
 and investment managers)
 and long-term inflation assumptions. We review this assumption annually for each plan; however
 our annual investment performance for
one particular year does not
 by itself
 significantly influence our evaluation. 
 




postretirement benefit plans are as follows: 
























































































































































































The investment objective for our defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans is to secure the benefit
obligations to participants at a reasonable cost to us. Our goal is to optimize the long-term return on plan assets at a moderate level of risk. The defined benefit pension plan and other postretirement benefit plan portfolios are broadly
diversified across asset classes. Within asset classes
 the portfolios are further diversified across investment styles and investment organizations. For the defined benefit pension plans
 the long-term investment policy allocation is: 25 percent to
equities in the United States; 15 percent to international equities; 10 percent to private equities; 35 percent to fixed income; and 15 percent to real assets (real estate
 energy
 and timber). For other postretirement benefit plans
 the long-term
investment policy allocations are: 30 percent to equities in the United States; 20 percent to international equities; 10 percent to private equities; 30 percent to fixed income; and 10 percent to real assets (real estate
 energy
 and timber). The
actual allocations to these asset classes may vary tactically around the long-term policy allocations based on relative market valuations. 
We do not
expect to be required to make contributions to our defined benefit pension
 other postretirement benefit
 and postemployment benefit plans in fiscal 2017. Actual fiscal 2017 contributions could exceed our current projections
 as influenced by our
decision to undertake discretionary funding of our benefit trusts and future changes in regulatory requirements. Estimated benefit payments
 which reflect expected future service
 as appropriate
 are expected to be paid from fiscal 2017 to 2026 as
follows: 




























Benefit
Plans
































































































































 hourly
 nonunion
 and certain union employees. This plan is a
401(k) savings plan that includes a number of investment funds
 including a Company stock fund and an Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP). We sponsor another money purchase plan for 
 




certain domestic hourly employees with net assets of $21.0 million as of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 and $21.9 million as of May&nbsp;31
 2015. We also sponsor defined contribution plans in many of our
foreign locations. Our total recognized expense related to defined contribution plans was $61.2 million in fiscal 2016
 $44.0 million in fiscal 2015
 and $44.8 million in fiscal 2014. 

participant&#146;s choosing. The number of shares of our common stock allocated to participants in the ESOP was 6.9&nbsp;million as of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 and 7.5&nbsp;million as of May&nbsp;31
 2015. The ESOP&#146;s only assets are our common stock
The Company stock fund and the ESOP collectively held $711.5 million and $655.6 million of Company common stock as of
May&nbsp;29
 2016 and May&nbsp;31
 2015
 respectively. 
 

follows: 




















































1
941.4
































2
403.6






































































































































































































 






















































State and local income taxes
 net of federal tax benefits





































































Other
 net (a)





























































May&nbsp;29




























































Stock
 partnership
 and miscellaneous investments













































1
458.0























1
231.0













1
311.7















































Stock
 partnership
 and miscellaneous investments



































2
630.6













1
399.6









We have established a valuation allowance against certain of the categories of deferred tax assets described above as current
evidence does not suggest we will realize sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character (e.g.
 ordinary income versus capital gain income) within the carryforward period to allow us to realize these deferred tax benefits. 

 the majority relates to a deferred tax asset for losses recorded as part of the Pillsbury acquisition in
the amount of $167.9 million
 $44.1 million relates to various state and foreign loss carryforwards
 and $13.0 million relates to various foreign capital loss carryforwards. As of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 we believe it is more-likely-than-not that the
remainder of our deferred tax assets are realizable. 
 




 $100.5 million is foreign loss carryforwards.
The carryforward periods are as follows: $72.6 million do not expire; $4.7 million expire in fiscal 2017 and 2018; and $23.2 million expire in fiscal 2019 and beyond. The remaining $12.6 million are state operating loss carryforwards
 the majority
We have not recognized a deferred tax liability for unremitted earnings of approximately $2.0 billion from our foreign
operations because our subsidiaries have invested or will invest the undistributed earnings indefinitely
 or the earnings will be remitted in a tax-neutral transaction. It is not practicable for us to determine the amount of unrecognized deferred
tax liabilities on these indefinitely reinvested earnings. Deferred taxes are recorded for earnings of our foreign operations when we determine that such earnings are no longer indefinitely reinvested. In fiscal 2015
 we approved a one-time
repatriation of $606.1 million of historical foreign earnings to reduce the economic cost of funding restructuring initiatives and the acquisition of Annie&#146;s.&nbsp;We recorded a discrete tax charge of $78.6 million in fiscal 2015 related to
this action. We have previously asserted that our historical foreign earnings are permanently reinvested and will only be repatriated in a tax-neutral manner
 and this one-time repatriation does not change this on-going assertion. 

 local
 and foreign jurisdictions. A number of years may elapse before an
uncertain tax position is audited and finally resolved. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular uncertain tax position
 we believe that our liabilities for income taxes reflect the most
likely outcome. We adjust these liabilities
 as well as the related interest
 in light of changing facts and circumstances. Settlement of any particular position would usually require the use of cash. 

state) and Canada. Various tax examinations by United States state taxing authorities could be conducted for any open tax year
 which vary by jurisdiction
 but are generally from 3 to 5 years. 

During
fiscal 2014
 the IRS concluded its field examination of our federal tax returns for fiscal 2011 and 2012. The audit closure and related adjustments did not have a material impact on our results of operations or financial position. As of May&nbsp;29
2016
We apply a more-likely-than-not threshold to the recognition
and derecognition of uncertain tax positions. Accordingly
 we recognize the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement. Future changes in judgment related to the expected ultimate
resolution of uncertain tax positions will affect earnings in the period of such change. 
 




 excluding accrued
interest
 for fiscal 2016 and fiscal 2015. Approximately $79 million of this total in fiscal 2016 represents the amount that
 if recognized
 would affect our effective income tax rate in future periods. This amount differs from the gross
unrecognized tax benefits presented in the table because certain of the liabilities below would impact deferred taxes if recognized. We also would record a decrease in U.S. federal income taxes upon recognition of the state tax benefits included
therein. 




























Balance
 beginning of year















































































Balance
 end of year


















As of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 we expect to pay approximately $14.7 million of unrecognized tax benefit liabilities and accrued
interest within the next 12 months. We are not able to reasonably estimate the timing of future cash flows beyond 12 months due to uncertainties in the timing of tax audit outcomes. The remaining amount of our unrecognized tax liability was
We report accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefit liabilities in income tax expense. For
fiscal 2016
 we recognized a net benefit of $2.7 million of tax-related net interest and penalties
 and had $32.1 million of accrued interest and penalties as of May&nbsp;29
 2016. For fiscal 2015
 we recognized a net benefit of $0.2 million of
tax-related net interest and penalties
 and had $35.2 million of accrued interest and penalties as of May&nbsp;31
 2015. 
NOTE 15. LEASES
 OTHER COMMITMENTS
 AND CONTINGENCIES 

operations was $189.1 million
 $193.5 million
 and $189.0 million in fiscal 2016
 2015
 and 2014
Some operating leases require payment of
property taxes
 insurance
 and maintenance costs in addition to the rent payments. Contingent and escalation rent in excess of minimum rent payments and sublease income netted in rent expense were insignificant. 
 



 
































































































































These future lease commitments will be partially offset by estimated future sublease receipts of approximately $1 million.
As of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 we have issued guarantees and
comfort letters of $383.2 million for the debt and other obligations of consolidated subsidiaries
 and guarantees and comfort letters of $239.1 million for the debt and other obligations of non-consolidated affiliates
 mainly CPW. In addition
off-balance sheet arrangements are generally limited to the future payments under non-cancelable operating leases
 which totaled $397.6 million as of May&nbsp;29
 2016. 
 

Retail
 60.4 percent of our fiscal 2016 consolidated net sales; International
 28.0 percent of our fiscal 2016 consolidated net sales; and Convenience Stores and Foodservice
 11.6 percent of our fiscal 2016 consolidated net sales. 

 we changed how we assess operating segment performance to exclude the asset and liability remeasurement impact from hyperinflationary
In fiscal
2015
 we realigned certain operating units within our U.S. Retail operating segment. We also changed the name of our Yoplait operating unit to Yogurt and our Big G operating unit to Cereal. Frozen Foods transitioned into Meals and Baking Products.
Small Planet Foods transitioned into Snacks
 Cereal
 and Meals. The Yogurt operating unit was unchanged. We revised the amounts previously reported in the net sales and net sales percentage change by operating unit within our U.S. Retail segment to
conform to the new operating unit structure. These realignments had no effect on previously reported consolidated net sales
 operating segments&#146; net sales
 operating profit
 segment operating profit
 net earnings attributable to General Mills
or EPS. In addition
Our chief operating decision
maker continues to assess performance and make decisions about resources to be allocated to our segments at the U.S. Retail
 International
 and Convenience Stores and Foodservice operating segment level. 

 mass merchandisers
 membership stores
 natural food chains
 drug
 dollar and
discount chains
 and e-commerce grocery providers operating throughout the United States. Our product categories in this business segment are ready-to-eat cereals
 refrigerated yogurt
 soup
 meal kits
 refrigerated and frozen dough products
 dessert
and baking mixes
 frozen pizza and pizza snacks
 grain
 fruit and savory snacks
 and a wide variety of organic products including meal kits
 granola bars
 and cereal. 
 




categories include ready-to-eat cereals
 shelf stable and frozen vegetables
 meal kits
 refrigerated and frozen dough products
 dessert and baking mixes
 frozen pizza snacks
 refrigerated yogurt
 grain and fruit snacks
 and super-premium ice cream
and frozen desserts. We also sell super-premium ice cream and frozen desserts directly to consumers through owned retail shops. Our International segment also includes products manufactured in the United States for export
 mainly to Caribbean and
Latin American markets
 as well as products we manufacture for sale to our international joint ventures. Revenues from export activities and franchise fees are reported in the region or country where the end customer is located. 

 snacks
 refrigerated yogurt
 frozen meals
 unbaked
and fully baked frozen dough products
 and baking mixes. Many products we sell are branded to the consumer and nearly all are branded to our customers. We sell to distributors and operators in many customer channels including foodservice
convenience stores
 vending
Operating
profit for these segments excludes unallocated corporate items
 gain on divestitures
 and restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs. Unallocated corporate items include corporate overhead expenses
 variances to planned domestic employee
benefits and incentives
 contributions to the General Mills Foundation
 asset and liability remeasurement impact of hyperinflationary economies
 restructuring initiative project-related costs
 and other items that are not part of our measurement of
segment operating performance. These include gains and losses arising from the revaluation of certain grain inventories and gains and losses from mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions until passed back to our operating segments.
These items affecting operating profit are centrally managed at the corporate level and are excluded from the measure of segment profitability reviewed by executive management. Under our supply chain organization
 our manufacturing
 warehouse
 and
distribution activities are substantially integrated across our operations in order to maximize efficiency and productivity. As a result
 fixed assets and depreciation and amortization expenses are neither maintained nor available by operating
segment. 

















































10
007.1















4
632.2















1
923.8















16
563.1





























2
179.0











































2
999.5








































Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs
















2
707.4


























 



 







































3
297.2















2
779.0















2
760.9















2
731.5















1
820.0















1
704.3


























































16
563.1












































































11
930.9















4
632.2















16
563.1








































May&nbsp;29







































































May&nbsp;29







Land
 buildings
 and equipment:












2
755.1





















3
743.6

















 
 















May&nbsp;29




















1
390.4




















1
360.8

















 

















May&nbsp;29






























1
163.1






























1
413.7





















 2016
 and $867.5 million as of May&nbsp;31
 2015
 were valued at LIFO. During fiscal 2015
 LIFO inventory layers were reduced. Results of operations were not materially
affected by these liquidations of LIFO inventory. The difference between replacement cost and the stated LIFO inventory value is not materially different from the reserve for the LIFO valuation method. 















May&nbsp;29





































Derivative receivables
 primarily commodity-related































































May&nbsp;29







Land
 buildings
 and equipment:






















2
236.0




















5
945.6





































Total land
 buildings
 and equipment


9
503.5










(5
759.9










3
743.6































May&nbsp;29























































































 

















May&nbsp;29

























































Accrued interest
 including interest rate swaps




















































1
595.0































May&nbsp;29

















Accrued compensation and benefits
 including obligations for underfunded other postretirement
benefit and postemployment benefit plans


1
755.0






























2
087.6









































































































The components of interest
 net are as follows: 





















Expense (Income)
 in Millions




















































Interest
 net






































































































 



 
 





































In Millions
 Except Per























































4
207.9








4
424.9








4
002.4








3
927.9




















1
554.6








1
540.6








1
357.5








1
376.8

























































































































































































































































































































During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016
 we sold our General Mills de Venezuela CA subsidiary to a third party and exited our
business in Venezuela. As a result of this transaction
 we recorded a pre-tax loss of $37.6 million. In addition
 we sold our General Mills Argentina S.A. foodservice business in Argentina to a third party and recorded a pre-tax loss of $14.8
The effective tax rate for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016 was 19.2 percent
 primarily driven by tax credits and the impact of the divestiture
During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015
 we made a strategic decision to redirect certain resources supporting our Green
Giant business in our U.S. Retail segment to other businesses within the segment. Therefore
 brand intangible asset. See Note 6 for
During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015
 we approved a one-time repatriation of $606.1 million of foreign earnings and recorded
a discrete income tax charge of $78.6 million. 
 



 
The increase in depreciation expense caused by updating the salvage value and shortening
the useful life of depreciable fixed assets to coincide with the end of production under an approved restructuring plan
 but only if impairment is not present. 

Notes payable
 long-term debt including current portion
 redeemable interest
 noncontrolling interests
 and
stockholders&#146; equity excluding AOCI
 and certain after-tax earnings adjustments are used to calculate adjusted return on average total capital. The average is calculated using the average of the beginning of fiscal year and end of fiscal year
Operating profit adjusted for certain items affecting
year-over-year comparability
Net earnings including earnings attributable to
redeemable and noncontrolling interests
 excluding after-tax net interest
 and adjusted for certain items affecting year-over-year comparability
 divided by adjusted average total capital. 
Notes payable
 long-term debt including current portion
 redeemable interest
 noncontrolling interests
 and stockholders&#146;
equity are used to calculate return on average total capital. The average is calculated using the average of the beginning of fiscal year and end of fiscal year Consolidated Balance Sheet amounts for these line items. 
 Financial results translated to U.S. dollars using constant foreign currency exchange rates based on the rates in effect for the
comparable prior-year period. To present this information
 current period results for entities reporting in currencies other than United States dollars are translated into United States dollars at the average exchange rates in effect during the
corresponding period of the prior fiscal year
 rather than the actual average exchange rates in effect during the current fiscal year. Therefore
 the foreign currency impact is equal to current year results in local currencies multiplied by the
Core
working capital. 
Financial
instruments such as futures
 swaps
 options
 and forward contracts that we use to manage our risk arising from changes in commodity prices
 interest rates
 foreign exchange rates
 and equity prices. 
Fair value
hierarchy. 
 we categorize assets and liabilities into one of three levels based on the assumptions (inputs) used in valuing the asset or liability. Level 1 provides the most reliable measure of fair value
while Level 3 generally requires significant management judgment. The three levels are defined as follows: 










 such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets or quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in inactive markets.






 



The sum of earnings before income taxes and fixed charges (before tax)
Net cash provided by operating activities less purchases of
land
 buildings
Free cash flow divided by our net earnings
 including earnings attributable to
Generally accepted accounting principles
(GAAP). 
 procedures
 and practices that we are required to use in recording and reporting accounting information in our financial statements. 
The difference between the purchase price of acquired companies plus the fair value of any noncontrolling and redeemable interests and the
related fair values of net assets acquired. 
Accounting for qualifying hedges that allows changes in a hedging instrument&#146;s fair value to offset corresponding changes in the
hedged item in the same reporting period. Hedge accounting is permitted for certain hedging instruments and hedged items only if the hedging relationship is highly effective
 and only prospectively from the date a hedging relationship is formally
documented. 
The act of determining a value for financial instruments
 commodity contracts
 and related assets or liabilities based on the current
Realized and unrealized gains and losses on derivative
The impact
of list and promoted price changes
Interests of subsidiaries held by
third parties. 
Operating
cash flow conversion rate. 
 divided by net earnings
 including earnings attributable to redeemable and noncontrolling interests. 
Net cash provided by operating activities
 divided by the sum of notes payable and long-term debt
 including the
.&nbsp;Net sales growth adjusted for foreign currency translation
 as well as acquisitions
 divestitures
 week impact
.&nbsp;Costs incurred related
Interest of subsidiaries held by a third party that
An operating
segment or a business one level below an operating segment. 
 



Net earnings including earnings attributable to redeemable and
noncontrolling interests
 excluding after-tax net interest
Segment operating
profit divided by net sales for the segment. 
Costs incurred to produce and deliver product
 including costs for ingredients and conversion
 inventory management
logistics
Notes payable and long-term debt
 including current portion. 
The impact of the conversion of our foreign affiliates&#146; financial statements to U.S. dollars for the purpose of
A legal structure that is used for business purposes that either
(1)&nbsp;does not have equity investors that have voting rights and share in all the entity&#146;s profits and losses or (2)&nbsp;has equity investors that do not provide sufficient financial resources to support the entity&#146;s activities. 
Current assets and current liabilities
 all as of the last day of our fiscal year. 









We
 under the supervision and with the participation of our management
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 have evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the 1934 Act). Based on that evaluation
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that
 as of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit
under the 1934 Act is (1)&nbsp;recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time periods specified in applicable rules and forms
 and (2)&nbsp;accumulated and communicated to our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer
There were no changes in our internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the 1934 Act) during our fiscal quarter ended May&nbsp;29
 2016
 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.


 Inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as such term is
defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the 1934 Act. The Company&#146;s internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and the Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial
statements. Under the supervision and with the participation of management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 we conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of
May&nbsp;29
 2016. In making this assessment
 management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in 

 management concluded that our
internal control over financial reporting was effective as of May&nbsp;29
KPMG LLP
 our independent registered public accounting firm
 has issued
a report on the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 
 



























June&nbsp;30
Our
independent registered public accounting firm&#146;s attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting is included in the &#147;Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm&#148; in Item 8 of this report. 









Directors
The information contained in the sections
entitled &#147;Proposal Number 1 &#151; Election of Directors
&#148; &#147;Director Nominations
&#148; and &#147;Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance&#148; contained in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2016 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders is incorporated herein by reference. 

 including the members of the Audit Committee and audit committee financial experts
 set forth in the section
entitled &#147;Board Committees and Their Functions&#148; contained in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated herein by reference. 

 including our principal executive officer
 principal financial officer
 and principal
We intend to post on our website any amendments to our Code of Conduct and any waivers from our Code of Conduct for principal officers.




The information contained in the sections entitled &#147;Executive
Compensation
&#148; &#147;Director Compensation
&#148; and &#147;Compensation Risk Assessment&#148; in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated herein by reference. 




The
information contained in the section entitled &#147;Ownership of General Mills Common Stock by Directors
 Officers and Certain Beneficial Owners&#148; and &#147;Equity Compensation Plan Information&#148; in our definitive Proxy Statement for our
2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. 



Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
The information set forth in
the sections entitled &#147;Board Independence and Accountability&#148; and &#147;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions&#148; contained in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated herein by
reference. 
 






The information contained in the section entitled
&#147;Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees&#148; in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders is incorporated herein by reference. 




Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules 



The following financial statements are included in Item&nbsp;8
Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the fiscal years ended May&nbsp;29
 2016
&nbsp;May&nbsp;31
 2015
 and May&nbsp;25
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended May&nbsp;29
 2016
&nbsp;May&nbsp;31
 2015
 and
May&nbsp;25
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of May&nbsp;29
 2016 and May&nbsp;31
 2015. 

 2016
&nbsp;May&nbsp;31
 2015
 and May&nbsp;25
 2014. 

 2016
&nbsp;May&nbsp;31
 2015
 and
May&nbsp;25
 2014. 





For the fiscal years ended May&nbsp;29
2016
&nbsp;May&nbsp;31
 2015
 and May&nbsp;25
 2014: 





















 2009).







 2016).







 dated as of February 1
 1996
 between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association (f/k/a First Trust of Illinois
 National Association) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant&#146;s
Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed February 6
 1996 (File no. 333-00745)).







 dated as of May 18
 2009
 between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year
ended May&nbsp;31
 2009).







2010).
 















 2010).







 2010).







 2010).







 2010).







 2015).







 2011).







 2010).







 2014).







 2009).







 2009).







 2009).







 2009).







 2009).







 2005).







 dated December 12
 2007
 between General Mills Sales
 Inc. and Kendall J. Powell (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 14
2007).







 2011).







 2011).







 2014)







 dated November 29
 1989
 by and between the Registrant and Nestle S.A. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 28
 2000).







 dated November 21
 1989
 between the Registrant and Nestle S.A. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to Registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended May 27
 2001).
 















 dated March&nbsp;16
 1993
 between the Registrant and Nestle S.A. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to Registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended May&nbsp;30
 2004).







 effective as of March 15
 1993
 between the Registrant and Nestle S.A. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended May 28
 2000).







May 31
 2009).







 dated January 1
 2010
 among the Registrant
 Nestle S.A. and CPW S.A. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the fiscal quarter ended February 28
 2010).







 dated July 17
 2012
 among the Registrant
 Nestle S.A.
 and CPW S.A. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
for the fiscal quarter ended August 26
 2012).







 dated as of May 18
 2016
 among General Mills
 Inc.
 the several financial institutions from time to time party to the agreement and Bank of America
 N.A.
 as Administrative Agent (incorporated herein by
reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 18
 2016).
























































 2016 formatted in eXtensible Business Reporting Language: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) the Consolidated
Statements of Earnings; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Total Equity and Redeemable Interest; (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements; and (vii) Schedule II &#150; Valuation of Qualifying Accounts.








Confidential information has been omitted from the exhibit and filed separately with the SEC pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
Pursuant to Item&nbsp;601(b)(4)(iii) of Regulation S-K
 copies of certain instruments defining the rights of holders of our
long-term debt are not filed and
 in lieu thereof
 we agree to furnish copies to the SEC upon request. 
 



 

 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized. 















 INC.





























Title:&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Vice President
 Controller

 




 this report has been signed below by the
following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 





















Chairman of the Board
 Chief Executive Officer



 2016












 2016








Vice President
 Controller



 2016











 2016











 2016











 2016











 2016











 2016











 2016











 2016











 2016











 2016











 2016











 2016











 2016











 2016











 2016

 



General Mills
 Inc. and Subsidiaries 


































































































































































Adjustments due to acquisitions
 translation of amounts
and other


























































Additions charged to expense
 including translation amounts










































































































 



 

































































 2016 formatted in eXtensible Business Reporting Language: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) the Consolidated
Statements of Earnings; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Total Equity and Redeemable Interest; (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements; and (vii) Schedule II &#150; Valuation of Qualifying Accounts.

 













 






























In Millions
 Except Ratios

May 29






















2
403.6


































































Plus: Amortization of capitalized interest
 net of interest capitalized














































2
862.1

















































































































































































































































For purposes of computing the ratio of earnings to fixed charges
 earnings represent earnings before income taxes and
after-tax earnings of joint ventures
 distributed income of equity investees
 fixed charges
 and amortization of capitalized interest
 net of interest capitalized. Fixed charges represent gross interest expense (excluding interest on taxes) and
subsidiary preferred distributions to noncontrolling interest holders
 plus one-third (the proportion deemed representative of the interest factor) of rent expense. 













 





















































































































































































































































































































































































































 Republic of

































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Republic of


















 

General Mills
 Inc.:
We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (Nos.&nbsp;333-198079 and 333-202215) on Form S-3 and registration statements
(Nos. 2-50327
 2-53523
 2-95574
 33-27628
 33-32059
 333-32509
 333-90012
 333-109050
 333-131195
 333-139997
 333-148820
 333-163849
 and 333-179622) on Form S-8 of General Mills
 Inc. of our report dated June&nbsp;30
 2016
 with respect to the
consolidated balance sheets of General Mills
 Inc. as of May&nbsp;29
 2016 and May&nbsp;31
 2015
 and the related consolidated statements of earnings
 comprehensive income
 total equity and redeemable interest
 and cash flows for each of the fiscal
years in the three-year period ended May&nbsp;29
 2016
 and the related financial statement schedule
 and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of May&nbsp;29
 2016
 which report appears in the May&nbsp;29
 2016 annual
 of General Mills
 Inc. 

June&nbsp;30
 2016 













 


 Kendall J. Powell
1.&nbsp;I
have reviewed this annual report on Form&nbsp;10-K of General Mills
2.&nbsp;Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 

procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules&nbsp;13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules&nbsp;13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over
5.&nbsp;The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 

 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s
Date:&nbsp;June 30
 2016 















 


 Donal L. Mulligan
1.&nbsp;I
have reviewed this annual report on Form&nbsp;10-K of General Mills
2.&nbsp;Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any
untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all
material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 

procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules&nbsp;13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules&nbsp;13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our
supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

registrant&#146;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#146;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over
5.&nbsp;The registrant&#146;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#146;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and 

 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s
Date:&nbsp;June 30
 2016 















 


 Kendall J. Powell
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of General Mills
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 certify
 pursuant to
Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 18&nbsp;U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
(1)&nbsp;the Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K
of the Company for the fiscal year ended May&nbsp;29
 2016 (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 fully complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15&nbsp;U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and 

 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
Date:&nbsp;June 30
/s/ Kendall J.
Powell 














 


 Donal L. Mulligan
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of General Mills
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 certify
 pursuant to
Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 18&nbsp;U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
(1)&nbsp;the Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K
of the Company for the fiscal year ended May&nbsp;29
 2016 (the &#147;Report&#148;)
 fully complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15&nbsp;U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and 

 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations
Date:&nbsp;June 30
/s/ Donal L.
Executive Vice President and






















      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      


      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      



    


    


    


    




        


        




    


    


    


    

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 including any noncontrolling and redeemable interests&amp;#8217; share o&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;f those transactions







 using the last-in
 first-out (LIFO) method

 using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method
 or market.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:left;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:justify;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0pt;' &gt;Shipping costs associated with the distribution of finished product to our customers are recorded as cost of sales
 and are recognized when the related finished product is shipped to and accepted by the customer.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;p style='line-height:20pt;' /&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:justify;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;margin-left:0pt;' &gt;Land
 Buildings
 Equipment

 including capitalized interest and internal engineering costs
 are recorded at cost and depreciated over estimated useful lives

 and equipment
 furniture


 if any
 are recognized in earnings. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;May 29
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;



 including goodwill
 to the fair value of the unit. Carrying value is based on the assets and liabilities associated with the operations of that reporting unit
 which often requ&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;ires allocation of shared or corporate items among reporting units. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 we revalue all assets and liabilities of the reporting unit
 excluding goodwill
 to determine if the fair value of the ne&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;t assets is greater than the net assets including goodwill. If the fair value of the net assets is less than the carrying amount of net assets including goodwill
 impairment has occurred. Our estimates of fair value are determined based on a discounted cas&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;h flow model. Growth rates for sales and profits are determined using inputs from our long-range planning process. We also make estimates of discount rates
 perpetuity growth assumptions
 market comparables

 mainly brands
 to determine if they are finite or indefinite-lived. Reaching a determination on useful life requires significant judgments and assumptions regarding the future effects of obsolescence
 demand
 competition
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;other economic factors (such as the stability of the industry
 known technological advances
 legislative action that results in an uncertain or changing regulatory environment
 and expected changes in distribution channels)
 the level of required maintenan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;ce expenditures

 over their useful lives










 assumed royalty rates that could be pa&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;yable if we did not own the brands
 and a discount rate. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;p style='line-height:20pt;' /&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:justify;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0pt;' &gt;Our finite-lived intangible assets
 primarily acquired franchise agreements and customer relationships


 incur various expenses (primarily research and development)
 and record the tax impact of certain joint venture operations that are structured as partnerships. In addition
 we make advances to our joint ventures in the form of loans or capital i&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;nvestments. We also sell certain raw materials
 semi-finished goods
 and finished goods to the joint ventures
 generally at market prices.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:justify;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:justify;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0pt;' &gt;In addition

 but not limited to

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt; projected decreases in earnings
 increases in the w&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;eighted average cost of capital

 royalty rates
 capital spending
 depreciation and taxes

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt; and a discount rate. By their nature




 the redeemable interest will be reclassified to noncontrolling interests on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We adjust the value of the redeemable interest through ad&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;ditional paid-in capital on our Consolidated Balance Sheets quarterly to the redeemable interest&amp;#8217;s redemption value

 we adjusted the redeemable interest&amp;#8217;s redemption value based o&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;n a discounted cash flow model. The significant assumptions used to estimate the redemption value include projected revenue growth and profitability from our long-range plan
 capital spending
 depreciation
 taxes


 trade promotion and other costs
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;including estimated allowances for returns
 unsalable product
 and prompt pay discounts. Sales
 use
 value-added
 and other excise taxes are not recognized in revenue. Coupons are recorded when distributed
 based on estimated redemption rates. Trade promot&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;ions are recorded based on estimated participation and performance levels for offered programs at the time of sale. We generally do not allow a right of return. However
 on a limited case-by-case basis with prior approval
 we may allow customers to return &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;product. In limited circumstances
 product returned in saleable condition is resold to other customers or outlets. Receivables from customers generally do not bear interest. Terms and collection patterns vary around the world and by channel. The allowance &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;for doubtful accounts represents our estimate of probable non-payments and credit losses in our existing receivables


 and the annual expenditures are comprised primarily of internal salari&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;es
 wages
 consulting
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;supplies attributable to R&amp;amp;D activities. Other costs include depreciation and maintenance of research facilities



 and are recorded in either cu&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;rrent or noncurrent assets or liabilities based on their maturity. Changes in the fair values of derivatives are recorded in net earnings or other comprehensive income

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt; if so



&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt; termination
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt; or death of eligible employees and directors. We consider a stock-based award to be vested when the employee&amp;#8217;s retention of the award is no longer contingent on providing subsequent service. Accordingly


 thereby reducing net operating cash flows and increasing net financing cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:justify;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:justify;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;margin-left:0pt;' &gt;Defined Benefit Pension


 health care
 and other welfare benefits to retired employees. Under certain circumstances


 and Mexico &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;and members of our Board of Directors

 disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the d&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;ate of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates include our accounting for promotional expenditures
 valuation of long-lived assets
 intangible assets
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt; redeemable interest

 income taxes
 and defined benefit pension

 we adopted new accounting requirements on the financial statement presentation of unrecognized tax benefits when a net operating loss
 a similar tax loss



 we adopted new accounting requirements for the presentation of deferred tax assets and liabilities

  

 using the last-in
 first-out (LIFO) method

 using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method
 or market.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:left;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:justify;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0pt;' &gt;Shipping costs associated with the distribution of finished product to our customers are recorded as cost of sales


 Buildings
 Equipment

 including capitalized interest and internal engineering costs
 are recorded at cost and depreciated over estimated useful lives

 and equipment
 furniture


 if any
 are recognized in earnings. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;May 29
 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;




 including goodwill
 to the fair value of the unit. Carrying value is based on the assets and liabilities associated with the operations of that reporting unit
 which often requ&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;ires allocation of shared or corporate items among reporting units. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 we revalue all assets and liabilities of the reporting unit
 excluding goodwill
 to determine if the fair value of the ne&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;t assets is greater than the net assets including goodwill. If the fair value of the net assets is less than the carrying amount of net assets including goodwill
 impairment has occurred. Our estimates of fair value are determined based on a discounted cas&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;h flow model. Growth rates for sales and profits are determined using inputs from our long-range planning process. We also make estimates of discount rates
 perpetuity growth assumptions
 market comparables

 mainly brands
 to determine if they are finite or indefinite-lived. Reaching a determination on useful life requires significant judgments and assumptions regarding the future effects of obsolescence
 demand
 competition
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;other economic factors (such as the stability of the industry
 known technological advances
 legislative action that results in an uncertain or changing regulatory environment
 and expected changes in distribution channels)
 the level of required maintenan&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;ce expenditures

 over their useful lives










 assumed royalty rates that could be pa&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;yable if we did not own the brands
 and a discount rate. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;p style='line-height:20pt;' /&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:justify;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0pt;' &gt;Our finite-lived intangible assets
 primarily acquired franchise agreements and customer relationships



 incur various expenses (primarily research and development)
 and record the tax impact of certain joint venture operations that are structured as partnerships. In addition
 we make advances to our joint ventures in the form of loans or capital i&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;nvestments. We also sell certain raw materials
 semi-finished goods
 and finished goods to the joint ventures
 generally at market prices.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:justify;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:justify;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0pt;' &gt;In addition

 but not limited to

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt; projected decreases in earnings
 increases in the w&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;eighted average cost of capital

 royalty rates
 capital spending
 depreciation and taxes

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt; and a discount rate. By their nature




 the redeemable interest will be reclassified to noncontrolling interests on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We adjust the value of the redeemable interest through ad&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;ditional paid-in capital on our Consolidated Balance Sheets quarterly to the redeemable interest&amp;#8217;s redemption value

 we adjusted the redeemable interest&amp;#8217;s redemption value based o&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;n a discounted cash flow model. The significant assumptions used to estimate the redemption value include projected revenue growth and profitability from our long-range plan
 capital spending
 depreciation
 taxes



 trade promotion and other costs
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;including estimated allowances for returns
 unsalable product
 and prompt pay discounts. Sales
 use
 value-added
 and other excise taxes are not recognized in revenue. Coupons are recorded when distributed
 based on estimated redemption rates. Trade promot&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;ions are recorded based on estimated participation and performance levels for offered programs at the time of sale. We generally do not allow a right of return. However
 on a limited case-by-case basis with prior approval
 we may allow customers to return &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;product. In limited circumstances
 product returned in saleable condition is resold to other customers or outlets. Receivables from customers generally do not bear interest. Terms and collection patterns vary around the world and by channel. The allowance &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;for doubtful accounts represents our estimate of probable non-payments and credit losses in our existing receivables



  

 and the annual expenditures are comprised primarily of internal salari&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;es
 wages
 consulting
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;supplies attributable to R&amp;amp;D activities. Other costs include depreciation and maintenance of research facilities





 and are recorded in either cu&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;rrent or noncurrent assets or liabilities based on their maturity. Changes in the fair values of derivatives are recorded in net earnings or other comprehensive income

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt; if so




&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt; termination
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt; or death of eligible employees and directors. We consider a stock-based award to be vested when the employee&amp;#8217;s retention of the award is no longer contingent on providing subsequent service. Accordingly






 health care
 and other welfare benefits to retired employees. Under certain circumstances


 and Mexico &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;and members of our Board of Directors


 disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the d&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;ate of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates include our accounting for promotional expenditures
 valuation of long-lived assets
 intangible assets
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt; redeemable interest

 income taxes
 and defined benefit pension

  
  

 we sold our General Mills de Venezuela CA subsidiary to a third party and exited our business in Venezuela. As a result of this transaction
 we recorded a pre-tax loss of $37.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt; million. In addition
 we sold our General Mills Argentina S.A. foodservice business in Argentina to a third party and recorded a pre-tax loss of $14.8 million.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:justify;margin-top:10.5pt;margin-bottom:0pt;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0pt;' &gt;During the second quarter of fiscal 2016
 we sold our North American Green Giant product lines &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;for $822.7 million in cash
 and we recorded a pre-tax gain of $199.1 million. We received net cash proceeds of $788.0 million after transaction related costs. After the divestiture&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;

 we acquired Annie&amp;#8217;s&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;
 a publicly traded food company headquartered in Berkeley
 Califo&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;rnia
 for an aggregate purchase price of $821.2 million
 which we funded by issuing debt. We consolidated Annie&amp;#8217;s into our Consolidated Balance Sheets and recorded goodwill of $589.8 million


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 impairment

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
























  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  








  
  
  
  





  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  







 customer relationships





  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




015.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style='height:12.75pt;' &gt;&lt;td style='width:151.5pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-color:Black;min-width:151.5pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;Other activity















  

 there was no impairment of any of our indefinite-lived intangible assets as their related fair values were substantially in excess of the carrying values

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  









  
  
  
  





  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



 liabilities

 other assets
 other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt; or other liabilities
 as appropriate

 as appropriate

 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style='width:3pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-color:Black;min-width:3pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan='8' rowspan='1' style='width:189.75pt;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-color:Black;min-width:189.75pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;' &gt;May 31

 liabilities

 other assets
 other current liabilities or&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt; other liabilities
 as appropriate

 as appropriate

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 including SG&amp;amp;A expenses for foreign exchange contracts and interest

 net for interest rate contracts
 in cost of sales for commodity contracts

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  





 we entered into a $2.7 billion fee-paid committed credit facility that is scheduled to expire in May 2021. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;Concurrent with the execution of this credit facility

 our subsidiary
 Yoplait S.A.S.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;



 we issued &amp;#8364;500.0&amp;#160;million principal amount of floating-rate notes due January&amp;#160;15


 we issued &amp;#8364;500.0&amp;#160;million principal amount of 1.0 percent fixed-rate notes due April 27
 2023 and &amp;#8364;400.0 million principal amount of 1.5 percent fixed-rate notes due April 27

 or in part

 we repaid $750.0 million of 5.2 percent notes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:justify;margin-top:10.5pt;margin-bottom:5pt;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0pt;' &gt;In October 2014
 we issued $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 1.4 percent fixed-rate notes due October 20
 2017 and $500.0 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;million aggregate principal amount of 2.2 percent fixed-rate notes due October 21
 2019. Interest on the notes is payable semi-annually in arrears. The notes may be redeemed in whole
 or in part

 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;our subsidiary
 Yoplait S.A.S.

 2021 in a private placement offering. Interest on the notes is payable semi-annually in arrears. The notes may be redeeme&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;d in whole
 or in part



 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style='height:12.75pt;' &gt;&lt;td style='width:264pt;border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-color:Black;min-width:264pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;5.65% notes due February 15


150.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style='height:12.75pt;' &gt;&lt;td style='width:264pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-color:Black;min-width:264pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;5.7% notes due February 15


000.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style='height:12.75pt;' &gt;&lt;td style='width:264pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-color:Black;min-width:264pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;3.15% notes due December 15


000.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style='height:12.75pt;' &gt;&lt;td style='width:264pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-color:Black;min-width:264pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;Euro-denominated 2.1% notes due November 16













 0.02% to 6.44%








 our intent to redeem








 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;

  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style='height:12.75pt;' &gt;&lt;td style='width:264pt;border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-color:Black;min-width:264pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;5.65% notes due February 15


150.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style='height:12.75pt;' &gt;&lt;td style='width:264pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-color:Black;min-width:264pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;5.7% notes due February 15


000.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style='height:12.75pt;' &gt;&lt;td style='width:264pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-color:Black;min-width:264pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;3.15% notes due December 15


000.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style='height:12.75pt;' &gt;&lt;td style='width:264pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-color:Black;min-width:264pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;Euro-denominated 2.1% notes due November 16













 0.02% to 6.44%








  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Yoplait Marques SNC

 and General Mills Cereals






 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;




 2015

 the assets
 liab&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;ilities
 results of operations

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;

  
  
  

 without par value

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;
 our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 100 million shares of our common stock. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;Purchases under the authorization can be made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions
 including the use of call options and other derivative instruments
 Rule 10b5-1 trading plans

















 e&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;xcept for reclassifications to earnings

 net of tax effects



 other postretirement





  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  













  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



 other postretirement





  

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;

 restricted stock
 restricted stock units

 stock appreciation rights
 and performance-based stock awards. Stock-based awards now outstanding include some granted under the 2005
 2006
 2007
 and 2009 stock plans
 under which no further&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt; awards may be granted. The stock plans provide for potential accelerated vesting of awards upon retirement
 termination

 which requires us to make predictive assumptions regarding future stock price volatility
 employee exercise behavior
 dividend yield
 and the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;forfeiture rate. We estimate our future stock price volatility using the historical volatility over the expected term of the option
 excluding time periods of volatility we believe a marketplace participant would exclude in estimating our stock price volat&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;ility. We also have considered
 but did not use
 implied volatility in our estimate
 because trading activity in options on our stock
 especially those with tenors of greater than 6 months

 if any
 and then charged directly to income tax expense


 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style='width:58.5pt;border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-color:Black;min-width:58.5pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;29




 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style='width:58.5pt;border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-color:Black;min-width:58.5pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;29




 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style='width:58.5pt;border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-color:Black;min-width:58.5pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;26




 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style='width:58.5pt;border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-color:Black;min-width:58.5pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;' &gt;22




 impairment

 Restricted Stock Units
 and Performance Share Units&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:justify;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0pt;' &gt;Stock and units settled in stock subject to a restricted period and a purchase price
 if any (as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors)

 but not restricted stock units or performance share units
 are entitled to vote on matters submitted to holders of common stock for a vote. These awards accumulate dividends from the date of grant





 expired






 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;
 unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;stock options
 restricted stock units




 impairment

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style='width:58.5pt;border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-color:Black;min-width:58.5pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;29




 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style='width:58.5pt;border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-color:Black;min-width:58.5pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;29




 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style='width:58.5pt;border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-color:Black;min-width:58.5pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;26




 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style='width:58.5pt;border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1;text-align:right;vertical-align:bottom;border-color:Black;min-width:58.5pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;' &gt;22


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  





 expired






  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  





 performance share units





 restricted stock units

  
  
  
  
  
  





 performance share units



  
  
  

 restricted stock units


 Canada
 France



 Canada
 and Brazil. The United States&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt; salaried health care benefit plan is contributory

 plan design
 overall industry experience and projections

 recent experiences

 as necessary


 as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;

 we also provide accruable benefits to former or inactive employees in the United States
 Canada
 and Mexico
 and members of our Board of Directors















 2014



 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;
 and $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;5



 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;














 other &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;postretirement

 other &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;postretirement
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt; and postemployment benefit plan income and expense for the following fiscal year. We work with our outside actuaries to determine the timing and amount of expected future cash outflows to plan participants and

 to develop a forward interest rate curve


 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;


















 mutual funds
 and equity futures valued at closing prices from national exchanges; and commingled funds
 privately held securities
 and private equity partnerships valued at unit values or net asset value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;s provided by the investment managers
 which are based on the fair value of the underlying investments. Various methods are used to determine fair values and may include the cost of the investment
 most recent financing
 and expected cash flows. For some o&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;f these investments

 managing fixed income exposure&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt; to policy allocations
 and managing duration targets. Investments include: fixed income securities and bond futures generally valued at closing prices from national exchanges
 fixed income pricing models


 private securities
 and limited partnerships valued at unit values or net asset values provided by the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;investment managers

 fixed income
 and real estate securities for purposes of meeting Canadian pension plan asset allocation policies
 and insur&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;ance and annuity contracts to provide a stable stream of income for retirees and to fund postretirement medical benefits. Fair values are derived from unit values provided by the investment managers




 Sales &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;' &gt;Issuances




 Sales &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;' &gt;Issuances




 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;

 our historical long-term investment performance
 our estimate of future long-term returns by asset class (using input from our actuaries
 investment services
 and investment managers)
 and long-term inflation assumptions. We review this assumption annually for each plan
 however
 our annual investment performance for one particular year does not
 by itself

 the portfolios are further diversified across investment styles and investment organizations. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;For the defined benefit pension plans
 the long-term investment policy allocation is: 25 percent to equities in the United States; 15 percent to international equities; 10 percent to private equities; 35 percent to fixed income; and 15 percent to real assets (real estate
 energy
 and timber). For other postretirement benefit plans
 the long-term investment policy allocations are: 30 percent to equities in the United States; 20 percent to international equities; 10 percent to private equities; 30 percent to fixed income; and 10 percent to real assets (real estate
 energy



 as influenced by our decision to undertake discretionary funding of our benefit trusts and future changes in regulatory requirements. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;Estimated benefit payments
 which reflect expected future service
 as appropriate


 hourly
 nonunion


 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;




 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;



 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  









  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  






  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 Sales &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;' &gt;Issuances




 Sales &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;' &gt;Issuances




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;


















 mutual funds
 and equity futures valued at closing prices from national exchanges; and commingled funds
 privately held securities
 and private equity partnerships valued at unit values or net asset value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;s provided by the investment managers
 which are based on the fair value of the underlying investments. Various methods are used to determine fair values and may include the cost of the investment
 most recent financing
 and expected cash flows. For some o&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;f these investments

 managing fixed income exposure&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt; to policy allocations
 and managing duration targets. Investments include: fixed income securities and bond futures generally valued at closing prices from national exchanges
 fixed income pricing models


 private securities
 and limited partnerships valued at unit values or net asset values provided by the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;investment managers

 fixed income
 and real estate securities for purposes of meeting Canadian pension plan asset allocation policies
 and insur&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;ance and annuity contracts to provide a stable stream of income for retirees and to fund postretirement medical benefits. Fair values are derived from unit values provided by the investment managers

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  











 partnership







 partnership




450.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;p style='line-height:20pt;' /&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:justify;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0pt;' &gt;We have established a valuation allowance against certain of the categories of deferred tax assets described above as current evidence does not suggest we will realize sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character (e.g.




 2016





 and this one-time repatriation does not change this on-going assertion.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:left;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:justify;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;p style='line-height:20pt;' /&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:justify;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0pt;' &gt;We are subject to federal income taxes in the United States as well as various state
 local
 and foreign jurisdictions. A number of years may elapse before an uncertain tax position is audited and finally resolved. While it is often difficult to predict &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular uncertain tax position
 we believe that our liabilities for income taxes reflect the most likely outcome. We adjust these liabilities
 as well as the related interest

 which vary by jurisdiction


 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;


 excluding accrued interest

 if recognized



 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;







  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  







  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



 partnership







 partnership





  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 OTHER COMMITMENTS

 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;$193.5 million
 and $189.0 million in fiscal 2016
 2015
 and 2014

 insurance

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;


 mainly CPW. In addition
 off-balance sheet arrangements are generally limited to the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;future payments under non-cancelable operating leases


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  





 we realigned certain operating units within our U.S. Retail operating segment. We also changed the name of our Yoplait operating unit to Yogurt and our Big G operating unit to Cereal. Frozen Foods transitio&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;ned into Meals and Baking Products. Small Planet Foods transitioned into Snacks
 Cereal

 operating segments&amp;#8217; net sales
 operating profit
 segment operating profit
 net earnings attributable t&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;o General Mills


 International

 mass merchandisers
 membership s&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;tores
 natural food chains
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;drug
 dollar and discount chains&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;

 refrigerated yogurt
 soup
 meal kits
 refrigerated and frozen dough products
 dessert and baking mixes
 frozen pizza and pizza snacks
 grain
 fruit and savory snacks
 and a wide variety of organic products &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;including meal kits
 granola bars
 and cereal.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;p style='line-height:20pt;' /&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:justify;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:10pt;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0pt;color:#000000;' &gt;Our International segment consists of retail and foodservice businesses outside of the United States. Our product categories include ready-to-eat cereals
 shelf stable and frozen vegetables
 meal kits
 refrigerated and frozen dough products
 dessert and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;baking mixes
 frozen pizza snacks
 refrigerated yogurt
 grain and fruit snacks
 and super-premium ice cream and frozen desserts. We also sell super-premium ice cream and frozen desserts directly to consumers through owned retail shops. Our International se&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;gment also includes products manufactured in the United States for export
 mainly to Caribbean and Latin American markets

 snacks
 refrigerated yogurt
 frozen meals
 unbaked and fully baked frozen dough products
 and baking mixes. Many products we sell are branded to the &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;consumer and nearly all are branded to our customers. We sell to distributors and operators in many customer channels including foodservice
 convenience stores
 vending

 gain on divestitures
 and restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs. Unallocated corporate items include corporate overhead expenses
 variances to planned domestic employee benefits and incentives
 contributions to the General Mills Foundation

 restructuring initiative project-related costs
 and other items that are not part of our measurement of segment operating performance. These include gains and losses arising from the revaluation of certain grain inventories and gains and losses from mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions until passed back to our operating segments. These items affecting operating profit are centrally managed at the corporate level and are excluded from the measure of segment profitability reviewed by executive management. Under our supply chain organization
 our manufacturing
 warehouse
 and distribution activities are substantially integrated across our operations in order to maximize efficiency and productivity. As a result



















 impairment







































 buildings






  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



















 impairment




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  























  
  
  
  
  














 buildings



















 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;
 and $867.5 million as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;May 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;
 were valued at LIFO. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;p style='line-height:20pt;' /&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:justify;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0pt;' &gt;During fiscal 2015





 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style='height:12.75pt;' &gt;&lt;td style='width:236.25pt;border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-color:Black;min-width:236.25pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;Land
 buildings





 buildings
























  
  







  
  
  
  







 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;
 and $867.5 million as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;May 31
 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;

  
  
  
  
  
  




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style='height:12.75pt;' &gt;&lt;td style='width:236.25pt;border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-color:Black;min-width:236.25pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;Land
 buildings





 buildings







  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  






  
  
  








  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


















 we sold our General Mills de Venezuela CA subsidiary to a third party and exited our business in Venezuela. As a result of this transaction
 we recorded a pre-tax loss of $37.6 million. In addition





  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


















  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 translation of amounts


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 we adopted new accounting requirements on the financial statement presentation of unrecognized tax benefits when a net operating loss
 a similar tax loss



 we adopted new accounting requirements for the presentation of deferred tax assets and liabilities

  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2016

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 IMPAIRMENT


 impairment

 the project begins to deliver cash savings and/or reduced depreciation. These activities &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;result in various restructuring costs
 including asset write-offs
 exit charges including severance
 contract termination fees
 and decommissioning and other costs. Accelerated depreciation associated with restructured assets
 as used in the context of our&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt; disclosures regarding restructuring activity

 we approved Project Compass
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt; a restructuring plan designed to enable our International segment to accelerate long-term growth through increased organizational effectiveness and reduced administrative expense. In connection with this project

 we broadened the scope of Project Century to identify opportunities to streamline our supply chain outside of North America. As part of the expanded project
 we approved a restructuring plan to close manufacturing facilities in our &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;International segment supply chain located in Berwick
 United Kingdom and East Tamaki


 in the first quarte&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;r of fiscal 2016
 we approved a restructuring plan to close our West Chicago
 Illinois cereal and dry dinner manufacturing plant in our U.S. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;Retail segment supply chain. This action will affect approximately 500 positions


 in the first quarter of fiscal 2016
 we approved a restructuring plan to close our Joplin



 in the third qu&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;arter of fiscal 2015
 we approved a restructuring plan to reduce our refrigerated dough capacity and exit our Midland
 Ontario
 Canada and New Albany
 Indiana facilities
 which support our U.S. Retail
 International

 and we expect to incur approximately $23 million&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt; of net expenses relating to this action


 in the second quarter of fiscal 2015
 we approved a restructuring plan to consolidate yogurt manufacturing capacity and exit our Methuen

 in the second quarter of fiscal 2015


 we incurred $1.1 million of rest&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;ructuring charges in fiscal 2016
 relating to Century
 and $17.2 million in fiscal 2015
 of which $6 million was cash. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:justify;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:justify;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0pt;' &gt;During the second quarter of fiscal 2015
 we approved Project Catalyst
 a restructuring plan to increase organizational effectiveness a&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;nd reduce overhead expense. In connection with this project



 we recorded $3.6 million of restructuring charges related to a productivity and cost savings plan approved in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012. These restructuring actions were completed in fiscal 2014. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:justify;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:justify;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0pt;' &gt;In fiscal 2016

 we paid $63.6 million in cash relating to restructuring initiatives. In fiscal 2014
 we paid $22.4 million in cash related to restructuring actions.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:justify;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:justify;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0pt;' &gt;In addition to restructuring charges

 which will be recorded in cost of sales


 impairment

 included in other current liabilities








 asset impairment charges
 the gain or loss on the sale of restructured assets
 and the write-off of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;spare parts) and other periodic exit costs recognized as incurred








 customer relationships




551.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;p style='line-height:20pt;' /&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:justify;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0pt;' &gt;Based on the carrying value of finite-lived intangible &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;' &gt;assets as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;May 29&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;
 201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;' &gt;






















 we reorganized certain reporting units within our U.S. Retail operating segment. Our chief operating decision maker continues to assess performance and make decisions about resources to be allocated to&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt; our segments at the U.S. Retail
 International







015.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style='height:12.75pt;' &gt;&lt;td style='width:151.5pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-color:Black;min-width:151.5pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;Other activity














538.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;p style='line-height:20pt;' /&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:justify;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:10pt;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0pt;color:#000000;' &gt;As of our fiscal 2016 assessment date
 there was no impairment of any of our indefinite-lived intangible assets as their related fair values were substantially in excess of the carrying values


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt; while not impaired as of May 29
 2016




 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;

 an updated royalty rate
 a &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;weighted-average cost of capital

 impairment

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  






  
  













  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2016

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



 receivables
 accounts payable
 other current liabilities
 and notes payable approximate fair value. Marketable securities are carried at fair value. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;May 29

 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;

 and/or the security&amp;#8217;s maturity date. The aggregate unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities
 net of tax effects

 2016

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;

 including the current portion
 were $&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;8

161.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt; million
 respectively
 as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;May 29


 we may enter into various derivative &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;transactions (e.g.
 futures
 options

 including grains (oats
 wheat
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;and corn)
 oils (principally soybean)
 dairy products
 natural gas
 and diesel fuel. Our primary objective when entering into these derivative contracts is to achieve certainty with regard to the future price of commodities purchased for use in our supply &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;chain. We manage our exposures through a combination of purchase orders
 long-term contracts with suppliers
 exchange-traded futures and options


 we believe that these instruments are effective in achieving our objective of providing certainty in the future pri&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;ce of commodities purchased for use in our supply chain. Accordingly
 for purposes of measuring segment operating performance these gains and losses are reported in unallocated corporate items outside of segment operating results until such time that the e&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;xposure we are managing affects earnings. At that time we reclassify the gain or loss from unallocated corporate items to segment operating profit
 allowing our operating segments to realize the economic effects of the derivative without experiencing any r&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;esulting mark-to-market volatility


 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;


 and existing and future issuances of floating-rate debt. Primary exposures include U.S. Treasury rates
 LIBOR
 Euribor
 and commercial paper&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt; rates in the United States and Europe. We use interest rate swaps
 forward-starting interest rate swaps
 and treasury locks to hedge our exposure to interest rate changes
 to reduce the volatility of our financing costs
 and to achieve a desired proportio&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;n of fixed rate versus floating-rate debt
 based on current and projected market conditions. Generally under these swaps







 in advance of planned debt financing
 we entered into $400.0 mi&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;llion of treasury locks with an average fixed rate of 2.1 percent due February 15
 2017.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:justify;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:justify;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0pt;' &gt;In advance of planned debt financing


 we entered into swaps to convert $500.0 million of 1.4 percent &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;fixed-rate notes due October 20
 2017
 and $500.0 million of 2.2 percent fixed-rate notes due October 21
 2019
 to floating rates.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:justify;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:justify;margin-top:0pt;margin-bottom:0pt;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0pt;' &gt;In advance of planned debt financing
 we entered into $250.0 million of treasury locks with an average fixed rate of 1.99 pe&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;rcent. All of these treasury locks were cash settled for $17.9 million in fiscal 2014
 coincident with the issuance of our $500.0 million 10-year fixed-rate notes. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='text-align:justify;margin-top:10.5pt;margin-bottom:0pt;line-height:12pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0pt;' &gt;As of May 29
 2016
 the pre-tax amount of cash-settled interest rate hedge gain or loss rem&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;aining in AOCI
 which will be reclassified to earnings over the remaining term of the related underlying debt
















 intercompany loans
 product shipments
 and foreign-denominated debt. We are also &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;exposed to the translation of foreign currency earnings to the U.S. dollar. Our principal exposures are to the Australian dollar
 Brazilian real
 British pound sterling
 Canadian dollar
 Chinese renminbi
 euro
 Japanese yen
 Mexican peso

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;






 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;

 we remeasured the value of the assets and liabilities of our former Venezuelan subsidiary based on the exchange rate at which we expected to remit dividends in U.S. dollars from the SIMADI market. In fiscal 2015


 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;

 liabilities


 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;
 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;p style='line-height:20pt;' /&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style='border-collapse:collapse;' &gt;&lt;tr style='height:12.75pt;' &gt;&lt;td style='width:157.5pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:bottom;border-color:Black;min-width:157.5pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan='8' rowspan='1' style='width:189.75pt;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-color:Black;min-width:189.75pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;' &gt;May 29


 liabilities

 other assets
 other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt; or other liabilities
 as appropriate

 as appropriate

 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style='width:3pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-color:Black;min-width:3pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Arial;font-size:10pt;color:#000000;' &gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan='8' rowspan='1' style='width:189.75pt;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1;text-align:center;vertical-align:bottom;border-color:Black;min-width:189.75pt;' &gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;color:#000000;' &gt;May 31

 liabilities

 other assets
 other current liabilities or&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt; other liabilities
 as appropriate

 as appropriate

 fair value hedges
 and other derivatives not designated as hedging instruments for the fiscal years ended &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;May 29

 2015&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;


 including SG&amp;amp;A expenses for foreign exchange contracts and interest

 net for interest rate contracts
 in cost of sales for commodity contracts

 2016

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;


 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;



 foreign exchange
 and certain commodity and equity derivatives
 primarily with a diversified group of highly rated counterparties. We continually monitor our positions and the credit ratings of the counterparties involved and
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;by policy
 limit the amount of credit exposure to any one party. These transactions may expose us to potential losses due to the risk of nonperformance by these counterparties; however

 should the counterparties fail to perform according to the terms of the contracts


 the third party

 2016&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style='font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;' &gt;

  

 which requires us to make predictive assumptions regarding future stock price volatility
 employee exercise behavior
 dividend yield
 and the forfeiture rate. We estimate our future stock price volatility using the historical volatility over the expected term of the option
 excluding time periods of volatility we believe a marketplace participant would exclude in estimating our stock price volatility. We also have considered
 but did not use
 implied volatility in our estimate
 because trading activity in options on our stock
 especially those with tenors of greater than 6 months

  








  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  






          


        















          
          
        















          



        


          
        
















          

          
        















          



        


          
        













          
          
        















          
          
          
        

























          
          

          
          
          
          
          
          
        

























          
          

          
          
          
          
          
          
        















          
          
        















          
        































































































































          
          


          


          
        

















          
          
          










          
          
        











        



















          

 mutual funds
 and equity futures valued at closing prices from national exchanges; and commingled funds
 privately held securities


 which are based on the fair value of the underlying investments. Various methods are used to determine fair values and may include the cost of the investment
 most recent financing



        








































 and managing duration targets. Investments include: fixed income securities and bond futures generally valued at closing prices from national exchanges
 fixed income pricing models


          


        





































          

 private securities



        






































 fixed income
 and real estate securities for purposes of meeting Canadian pension plan asset allocation policies



          
        





































          
        














































        
















          

 including SG&amp;A expenses for foreign exchange contracts and interest

          
        


























 net for interest rate contracts
 in cost of sales for commodity contracts

        


































































 other assets


 as appropriate

        





















          

 as appropriate

        




















          
        





































          
        





























          
          
        





















































          
        














          
          
          
        






















 other assets


 as appropriate

        




















          
        














          

 as appropriate

        




















          
        





















































          
          
        





















































          
        














          
          
        





















          
          
          
          
        





















          
          
          
          
          
        

          
          
        

























                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 IMPAIRMENT

                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 OTHER COMMITMENTS

                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 RISK MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES

                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 Impairment

                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 Risk Management Activities

                
                
                



 Risk Management Activities

                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 Other Commitments

                
                
                



 Other Commitments

                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 Impairment

                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 Risk Management Activities

                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 Risk Management Activities

                
                
                



 Risk Management Activities

                
                
                



 Risk Management Activities

                
                
                



 Risk Management Activities

                
                
                



 Risk Management Activities

                
                
                



 Risk Management Activities

                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 Impairment

                
                
                



 Impairment

                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                




                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                




                
                
                



 Other Commitments

                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                




                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 Risk Management Activities

                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 Risk Management Activities

                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 Impairment

                
                
                



 Risk Management Activities

                
                
                



 Risk Management Activities

                
                
                


                
                
                
                
































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        










        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        







 Depletion
 and Amortization
 Property
 Plant



        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Cumulative Changes in Net Gain (Loss) from Cash Flow Hedges Effect



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Share-based Compensation







        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 restricted stock units



        


        


        


        


        


        










        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Accumulated Gross Unrealized Gain



        



 Accumulated Gross Unrealized Loss



        


        



 Amortized Cost Basis



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Cash Equivalents



        


        


        


        



 Fair Value of Plan Assets



        


        






        


        



 OTHER COMMITMENTS




 OTHER COMMITMENTS



        



 754.6 shares issued








 Common Stock
 Shares




 Common Stock
 Shares



        


        


        






        






        


        


        


        


        



 Net of Tax



        


        



 Net of Tax



        


        



 Net of Tax



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        



 Subsidiaries or Other Investments



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        






        






        


        


        


        


        






        


        






        


        


        


        



 Interest Rate




 Interest Rate Stated Percentage Rate Range








 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage Rate Range







        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        










        


        


        


        


        






        



 Tax
 Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits



        






        



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits



        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        






        






        


        



 Goodwill and Intangible Assets



        






        


        


        


        


        



 Business Combination



        






        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        






        


        



 Expected Future Benefit Payments




 Expected Future Benefit Payments



        


        


        






        






        






        



 Expected Future Benefit Payments




 Expected Future Benefit Payments







        







 Expected Future Benefit Payments



        



 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Net Prior Service Cost (Credit)



        


        


        


        






        


        


        



 Expected Future Benefit Payments







        


        






        


        


        


        


        



 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Net Gains (Losses)



        


        


        


        






        






        






        






        






        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        







 Business Combinations and Acquisitions



        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        






        



 Sales Issuances




 Purchases
 Sales



        


        


        










        


        






        


        



 Collateral








 Collateral








 Fair Value



        


        






        



 Fair Value



        



 Collateral







        



 Collateral







        


        






        



 Fair Value of Derivative Asset



        



 Fair Value of Derivative Liability



        



 Fair Value







        



 Fair Value







        



 Fair Value of Derivative Liability



        


        


        



 Fair Value of Derivative Asset



        


        






        






        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income
 Effective Portion



        


        



 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Effective Portion



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Including Discontinued Operations



        



 Common Stock



        


        






        



 Diluted



        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        






        






        






        


        


        


        


        



 Deductions



        


        


        



 Nonvested Awards
 Total Compensation Cost Not Yet Recognized







        



 Nonvested Awards



        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Summarized Financial Information



        



 Summarized Financial Information



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        







 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Asset



        


        


        



 Assets Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation



        



 Assets Measured on Recurring Basis



        



 Assets Measured on Recurring Basis




 Assets Measured on Recurring Basis



        


        


        


        



 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Asset
 Purchases
 (Sales)
 Issuances




 Sales
 Issuances




 Measurement Inputs



        



 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis












 Measurement with Unobservable Inputs Reconciliation
 Recurring Basis
 Asset
 Transfers



        



 Derivatives



        


        


        


        



 RISK MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES



        


        






        














        






        


        


















        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        










        


        


        














        






        






        






        



 Maximum Exposure



        






        


        


        


        






        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        






        


        


        


        



 Balance Sheet
 and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups



        


        


        


        


        


        



 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        










        










        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Net



        














        














        


        


        






        


        



 at Fair Value



        






        


        










        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 RISK MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        










        


        






        


        


        






        


        


        






        


        


        


        






        











 Maturities




 Maturities




 Maturities




 Maturities















        


        


        


        


        










        






        


        






        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        






        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        






        






        






        


        


        


        






        






        


        


        






        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Related Parties



        






        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 rent expense



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        



 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment



        



 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI on Derivatives



        



 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI on Derivatives



        



 Available-for-sale Securities Adjustment



        


        







 Amortization Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans for Net Prior Service Cost (Credit)



        



 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Net Unamortized Gain (Loss) Arising During Period



        



 Amortization Adjustment from AOCI



        



 Amortization Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans for Net Prior Service Cost (Credit)



        


        


        










        


        


        


        


















        


















        






        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Gain (Loss) Arising During Period



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        






        






        


        


        


        






        



 buildings




 buildings



        


        


        



 Other Postretirement Benefit



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        










        






        


        


        










        






































        



 Dividends or Distributions











        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        







 buildings



        


        


        


        














        







 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment








 Plant




 Buildings
 Equipment




 Plant



        







 Plant and Equipment




 buildings



        


        



 Plant
 and Equipment




 buildings




 buildings







        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Equity
 Other




 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
 Equity
 Other




 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
 Equity
 Other



        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Restricted Stock Units




 performance shares units



        


        


        



 impairment



        



 impairment



        


        


        



 Impairment



        



 Impairment




 impairment



        


        


        


        


        






        



 IMPAIRMENT



        






        






        


        



 Impairment




 IMPAIRMENT







        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Fair Value Assumptions



        






        


        


        


        






        






        










        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Stock Options



        


        


        






        


        






        






        



 Stock Options



        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        



 Impairment



        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 general



        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Options
 Exercises in Period



        


        


        


        


        


        



 Equity Instruments Other Than Options



        



 Options Outstanding



        


        



 Equity Instruments Other Than Options
 Non-vested



        



 Equity Instruments Other Than Options
 Forfeitures




 expired



        



 expired




 Options
 Grants in Period



        


        



 Options
 Grants in Period



        


        










        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        










        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        



 Options



        


        


        


        


        


        










        


        


        










        


        







 Options



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        



 Shares




 Shares








 Value



        



 Value
 Restricted Stock Award




 Shares








 Options



        






        







 Value








 Shares



        


        


        














        



 Stockholders' Equity




 Stockholders' Equity



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Shares







        







 Treasury Stock




 Treasury Stock



        


        



 Value
 Acquired



        










        


        


        






        



 Pretax



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        










        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Charged to Cost and Expense







        


        






        


        






        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        



 as of the balance sheet date
 for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans



        


        



 their beneficiaries
 and covered dependents after employment but before retirement
 except for: a) benefits provided through a pension or postretirement benefit plan
 b) individual deferred compensation arrangements
 c) termination benefits pertaining to exit or disposal activities
 and d) stock compensation plans. Benefits may be provided in cash or in kind and may be paid as a result of disability
 layoff
 death



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 in the aggregate
 material in relation to the financial position or results of operations of an investor
 it may be necessary to present summarized information as to assets of the investee
 or group of investments for which combined disclosure is appropriate
 either by individual financial statement caption or in groups
 as appropriate. Such summarized financial information may
 at a minimum



        


        


        


        



 including pension benefits
 death benefits
 and benefits due on termination of employment. Also includes payments made under a postretirement benefit plan
 including prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        



 when the entities to the transaction are consolidated
 combined



        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 General Mills Cereals



        










        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        







 as of the balance sheet date



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        







 if longer) and for underfunded plans recognized in the balance sheet that is associated with the defined benefit pension plans
 postemployment



        






        






        


        


        


        


        



 other than those for employee severence and and contract termination
 resulting from the consolidation and relocation of operations











        










        










        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        






        


        


        






        


        






        


        










        


        






        


        






        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        







 Net of Tax
 for the period
 including portion attributable to redeemable interest. Includes deferred gains (losses) on qualifying hedges
 unrealized holding gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities
 minimum pension liability







        






        


        


        



 including both controlling (parent)
 noncontrolling interests
 and redeemable interests. It includes all changes in equity during a period except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        










        














        






        


        



 (2) at the option of the holder of the noncontrolling interest



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        



 other postretirement



        


        










        


        



 Number Invested In



        


        


        


        



 partners
 or other equity holders in one or more of the entities consolidated into the reporting entity's financial statements other than joint ventures
 limited partnerships



        


        


        


        


        


        



 such as LIBOR or the US Treasury rate and the maturity of the reference rate used







        


        


        










        






        


        


        


        






        


        






        



 included in the consolidation of the parent entity



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        






        







 included in the consolidation of the parent entity



        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        










        


        










        










        














        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Pre-Tax




 before taxes
 related to the increase (decrease) in fair value of interest rate derivatives designated as cash flow hedging instruments



        


        


        



 but is under no obligation to provide a specific amount of money







        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        







 a publicly traded food company headquartered in Berkeley



        










        










        










        










        










        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        










        










        










        










        










        






        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        



 referred to as Project Catalyst



        


        


        



 referred to as Project Century



        


        


        


        


        











 Ontario











































        






        



 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        











 partnership








 partnership



        


        


        






        



 for example a segment
 division
 branch or other business



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        







 United Kingdom and East Tamaki























        


        


        


        


        


        














        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        










        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 including a Company stock fund and an Employee Stock Ownership Plan
 and covers domestic salaried
 hourly
 nonunion







        


        


        


        


        



 Nondeductible Expense
 Goodwill Written Off



        


        






        



 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as emmployees



        


        


        


        



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











May 29
 2016
Jun. 13
 2016
Nov. 27
 2015






















  2016










































































































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



020
906











654.2







If the value is true
 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.

























































This is focus fiscal period of the document report. For a first quarter 2006 quarterly report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate Yes or No whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: (1) Large Accelerated Filer
 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























State aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to price at which the common equity was last sold
 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.

























































Indicate Yes or No if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014













563.1


630.3


909.6





733.6


681.1


539.8



Selling
 general
 and administrative expenses

118.9


328.0


474.3












Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs










707.4


077.3


957.4



Interest
 net










403.6


761.9


655.0





















Net earnings
 including earnings attributable to redeemable and noncontrolling interests

736.8


259.4


861.3














697.4


221.3


824.4






















































































































































Gain (loss) from sale or disposal of an organization or integrated set of activities (for example
 but not limited to
 a partnership or corporation) engaged in providing a product or service in a commercial
 industrial
 or professional environment.




























Sum of operating profit and nonoperating income or expense before Income or Loss from equity method investments
 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.






















































































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.






















































































The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)



























The aggregate amount provided for estimated restructuring charges
 remediation costs
 and asset impairment loss during an accounting period. Generally
 these items are either unusual or infrequent
 but not both (in which case they would be extraordinary items).




























Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014











Net earnings
 including earnings attributable to redeemable and noncontrolling interests

736.8


259.4


861.3



Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax:
















































































Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax



201.4)







437.4




164.3














395.9




069.4







The change in equity [net assets] of a business enterprise during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources which are attributable to the economic entity
 including both controlling (parent)
 noncontrolling interests
 and redeemable interests. It includes all changes in equity during a period except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners
 including any and all transactions which are directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent.




























The change in equity [net assets] of a business enterprise during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources which are attributable to noncontrolling and redeemable interests. It includes all changes in equity during a period except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners
 which are directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent.
























































This element represents Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax
 for the period
 including portion attributable to redeemable interest. Includes deferred gains (losses) on qualifying hedges
 unrealized holding gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities
 minimum pension liability
 and cumulative translation adjustment.




















































































Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.




























Amount after tax of (increase) decrease in the value of the projected benefit obligation related to a change in an actuarial assumption and increase (decrease) in the value of the plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.




























Amount after tax
 before reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.



















































































































Amount after tax
 before reclassification adjustments
 of unrealized holding gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities.




























The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015


















360.8


386.7





413.7


540.9












937.2


685.6



Land
 buildings
 and equipment

743.6


783.3





741.2


874.9





538.6


677.0












712.3


832.0












046.5


684.0





103.4


000.4












595.0


589.9





014.7


890.1





057.7


575.3





399.6


450.2





087.6


744.8





559.6


660.4

















Common stock
 754.6 shares issued
 $0.10 par value








177.0


296.7





616.5


990.8



Common stock in treasury
 at cost

326.6)


055.6)





612.2)


310.7)





930.2


996.7












307.1


392.7





712.3


832.0




































Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Value received from shareholders in common stock-related transactions that are in excess of par value or stated value and amounts received from other stock-related transactions. Includes only common stock transactions (excludes preferred stock transactions). May be called contributed capital
 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Cash includes currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. It also includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits in that the customer may deposit additional funds at any time and effectively may withdraw funds at any time without prior notice or penalty. Cash equivalents
 excluding items classified as marketable securities
 include short-term
 highly liquid Investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash
 and so near their maturity that they present minimal risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally
 only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify under that definition. Original maturity means original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example
 both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However
 a Treasury note purchased three years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months. Short-term investments
 exclusive of cash equivalents
 generally consist of marketable securities intended to be sold within one year (or the normal operating cycle if longer) and may include trading securities
 available-for-sale securities
 or held-to-maturity securities (if maturing within one year)
 as applicable.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences
 netted by jurisdiction and classified as noncurrent.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))



























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount of long-term debt and capital lease obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of long-term debt and capital leases due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).




























Aggregate carrying amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).




























Aggregate carrying amount of current liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer) not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Includes costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered and of liabilities not separately disclosed.




























Aggregate carrying amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits in future periods
 and amount of other assets that are expected to be realized or consumed within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























The total amount due to the entity within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle
 if longer) from outside sources
 including trade accounts receivable
 notes and loans receivable
 as well as any other types of receivables
 net of allowances established for the purpose of reducing such receivables to an amount that approximates their net realizable value.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
4)



























The fair value as of the reporting date of noncontrolling interests which are redeemable by the (parent) entity (1) at a fixed or determinable price on a fixed or determinable date
 (2) at the option of the holder of the noncontrolling interest
 or (3) upon occurrence of an event that is not solely within the control of the (parent) entity. The noncontrolling interest holder's ownership (or holders' ownership) is represented by an equity interest that does not conform to either common or preferred equity (noncontrolling) interests otherwise provided for in the taxonomy
 regardless of investee entity legal form.

























































Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
 -Subparagraph 2
 3



























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
























































Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.




























The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued
 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014











Common stock
 shares issued








Common stock
 par value








Common stock in treasury
 shares









































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.

























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Millions
 $ in Millions










Beginning Balance
 Stockholders' Equity
 Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest at May. 26
 2013

128.5




166.6


687.2)


702.6


585.3)







Beginning Balance
 Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued at May. 26
 2013


















Beginning Balance
 Treasury Stock
 Shares at May. 26
 2013


















Beginning Balance
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
 Equity
 Other
 Fair Value at May. 26
 2013




















094.3








824.4















































Shares purchased
 value

745.3)






775.3)











Shares purchased
 shares


















Stock compensation plans
 value (includes income tax benefits)


















Stock compensation plans
 shares (includes income tax benefits)






























































































Ending Balance
 Stockholders' Equity
 Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest at May. 25
 2014

005.4




231.8


219.4)


787.2


340.3)







Ending Balance
 Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued at May. 25
 2014


















Ending Balance
 Treasury Stock
 Shares at May. 25
 2014


















Ending Balance
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
 Equity
 Other
 Fair Value at May. 25
 2014




























221.3






























017.7)








017.7)









Shares purchased
 value

161.9)






161.9)











Shares purchased
 shares


















Stock compensation plans
 value (includes income tax benefits)


















Stock compensation plans
 shares (includes income tax benefits)




































































































































Ending Balance
 Stockholders' Equity
 Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest at May. 31
 2015

392.7




296.7


055.6)


990.8


310.7)







Ending Balance
 Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued at May. 31
 2015


















Ending Balance
 Treasury Stock
 Shares at May. 31
 2015


















Ending Balance
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
 Equity
 Other
 Fair Value at May. 31
 2015




















407.1








697.4






























071.7)








071.7)









Shares purchased
 value


















Shares purchased
 shares


















Stock compensation plans
 value (includes income tax benefits)


















Stock compensation plans
 shares (includes income tax benefits)

















































































































Ending Balance
 Stockholders' Equity
 Including Portion Attributable to Noncontrolling Interest at May. 29
 2016

307.1




177.0


326.6)


616.5


612.2)







Ending Balance
 Common Stock
 Shares
 Issued at May. 29
 2016


















Ending Balance
 Treasury Stock
 Shares at May. 29
 2016


















Ending Balance
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
 Equity
 Other
 Fair Value at May. 29
 2016






















The change in redeemable interests of a business enterprise during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources which are attributable to redeemable interests
 if any.




























Decrease in noncontrolling and redeemable interest balance from payment of dividends or other distributions by the non-wholly owned subsidiary or partially owned entity
 included in the consolidation of the parent entity
 to the noncontrolling and redeemable interest holders.

























































Equity impact of the cost of common stock that was repurchased during the period
 excluding the adjustment to reflect the average price per share of the previous shares purchased under an Accelerated Share Repurchase arrangement.




























This element represents the amount of recognized equity-based compensation during the period
 that is
 the amount recognized as expense in the income statement (or as asset if compensation is capitalized). Alternate captions include the words stock-based compensation.




























Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.






















































































Decrease in noncontrolling interest (for example
 but not limited to
 redeeming or purchasing the interests of noncontrolling shareholders
 issuance of shares (interests) by the non-wholly owned subsidiary to the parent entity for other than cash
 and a buyback of shares (interest) by the non-wholly owned subsidiary from the noncontrolling interests).

























































The fair value as of the reporting date of noncontrolling interests which are redeemable by the (parent) entity (1) at a fixed or determinable price on a fixed or determinable date
 (2) at the option of the holder of the noncontrolling interest
 or (3) upon occurrence of an event that is not solely within the control of the (parent) entity. The noncontrolling interest holder's ownership (or holders' ownership) is represented by an equity interest that does not conform to either common or preferred equity (noncontrolling) interests otherwise provided for in the taxonomy
 regardless of investee entity legal form.




























Number of treasury shares (units) reissued during the period
 excluding reissuance of shares (units) held in treasury used to satisfy equity-based compensation obligations exercised by the holders of such rights. Upon reissuance of shares (units) from treasury
 either the common or preferred stock (unit) reissued is outstanding.




























Value of stock related to Restricted Stock Awards issued during the period
 net of the stock value of such awards forfeited.




























Equity impact of the value of treasury stock (units) reissued during the period
 excluding reissuance of shares (units) held in treasury used to satisfy equity-based compensation obligations exercised by the holders of such rights. Upon reissuance of shares (units) from treasury
 either the common or preferred stock (unit) reissued is outstanding.




























Amount of stockholders' equity (deficit)
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity
 attributable to both the parent and noncontrolling interests. Amount excludes temporary equity. Alternate caption for the concept is permanent equity.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30




























 -Paragraph 29
 30





































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Millions
 $ in Millions



May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014






















000.0


000.0


000.0












Stock compensation plans
 income tax benefits












Amount of increase in additional paid in capital (APIC) resulting from a tax benefit associated with share-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP). Includes
 but is not limited to
 excess tax benefit.




























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014











Net earnings
 including earnings attributable to redeemable and noncontrolling interests

736.8


259.4


861.3




















































































Divestitures (gain)
 net








Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs








Changes in current assets and liabilities
 excluding the effects of acquisitions and divestitures








Other
 net










629.8


542.8


541.0












Purchases of land
 buildings
 and equipment








Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired








Investment in affilates
 net proceeds








Investment in affilates
 net payments








Proceeds from disposal of land
 buildings
 and equipment


























Other
 net












602.2)



























253.2


673.0





000.4)


145.8)


444.8)

























161.9)


745.3)





071.7)


017.7)























Other
 net










285.6)


384.8)


824.1)







































Cash Flow from Changes in Current Assets and Liabilities
 excluding effects of acquisitions and divestitures:


































































Payment of dividends or other distributions by the non-wholly owned subsidiary or partially owned entity
 included in the consolidation of the parent entity
 to the noncontrolling and redeemable interest holders.
























































Amount of increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are the amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Includes effect from exchange rate changes.




























Cash includes currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. It also includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits in that the customer may deposit additional funds at any time and effectively may withdraw funds at any time without prior notice or penalty. Cash equivalents
 excluding items classified as marketable securities
 include short-term
 highly liquid Investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash
 and so near their maturity that they present minimal risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally
 only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify under that definition. Original maturity means original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example
 both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However
 a Treasury note purchased three years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months. Short-term investments
 exclusive of cash equivalents
 generally consist of marketable securities intended to be sold within one year (or the normal operating cycle if longer) and may include trading securities
 available-for-sale securities
 or held-to-maturity securities (if maturing within one year)
 as applicable.

























































The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.

























































This item represents disclosure of the amount of dividends or other distributions received from unconsolidated subsidiaries
 certain corporate joint ventures
 and certain noncontrolled corporation; these investments are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. This element excludes distributions that constitute a return of investment
 which are classified as investing activities.






















































































Gain (loss) from sale or disposal of an organization or integrated set of activities (for example
 but not limited to
 a partnership or corporation) engaged in providing a product or service in a commercial
 industrial
 or professional environment.

























































Change in recurring obligations of a business that arise from the acquisition of merchandise
 materials
 supplies and services used in the production and sale of goods and services.

























































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.


















































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the value of prepaid expenses and other assets not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows
 for example
 deferred expenses
 intangible assets
 or income taxes.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




























Other cash or noncash adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by (used in) operating activities that are not separately disclosed in the statement of cash flows (for example
  cash received or cash paid during the current period for miscellaneous operating activities
 net change during the reporting period in other assets or other liabilities).






















































































Cash outflow in the form of capital distributions and dividends to common shareholders
 preferred shareholders and noncontrolling interests.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of a business
 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.




























The cash outflow associated with the purchase of or advances to an equity method investments
 which are investments in joint ventures and entities in which the entity has an equity ownership interest normally of 20 to 50 percent and exercises significant influence.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale; includes cash outflows to pay for construction of self-constructed assets.

























































The amount of pension and other (such as medical
 dental and life insurance) postretirement benefit costs recognized during the period for (1) defined benefit plans (periodic benefit costs include the following components: service cost
 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss) on assets
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) due to settlements or curtailments) and for (2) defined contribution plans (to the extent that a plan's defined contributions to an individual's account are to be made for periods in which that individual renders services
 the net cost for a period is the contribution called for in that period; if a plan calls for contributions for periods after an individual retires or terminates
 the estimated cost is accrued during the employee's service period).




























The cash inflow associated with the amount received from the sale of a portion of the company's business
 for example a segment
 division
 branch or other business
 during the period.




























Cash dividends or other distributions received from unconsolidated subsidiaries
 certain corporate joint ventures
 and certain noncontrolled corporations that are returns of capital. Excludes dividends or distributions from equity method investments classified as operating activities.




























The cash inflow from a debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of cash inflow from a noncontrolling interest. Includes
 but is not limited to
 purchase of additional shares or other increase in noncontrolling interest ownership.

























































The net cash inflow or outflow for borrowing having initial term of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.




























The cash inflow associated with the amount received from holders exercising their stock options. This item inherently excludes any excess tax benefit
 which the entity may have realized and reported separately.




























The consolidated profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 including the portion attributable to the noncontrolling interest.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)



























The cash inflow from a loan
 supported by a promissory note
 granted to related parties where one party can exercise control or significant influence over another party; including affiliates
 owners or officers and their immediate families
 pension trusts
 and so forth.




























The cash outflow for debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount
 after cash payment
 of expenses associated with exit or disposal activities pursuant to an authorized plan and expenses resulting from the write-down of assets. Excludes expenses related to a business combination
 a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.




























The aggregate amount of noncash
 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 29
 2016







Our Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of General Mills
 Inc. and all subsidiaries in which we 
f those transactions
Our fiscal year ends on the last Sunday in May. Fiscal years 2016 and 2014 consisted of 52 weeks
n to conform the fiscal year ends of all our operations
Annie&#8217;s
year-end to a May fiscal year-end to match our fiscal calendar. Accordingly
 in 
 our results included 13 months of results from the affected operations







The entire disclosure for the basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 29
 2016







valued at the lower of cost
 using the last-in
 first-out (LIFO) method
valued at the lower of cost
 using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method
Shipping costs associated with the distribution of finished product to our customers are recorded as cost of sales
Land
 Buildings
 Equipment
Land is recorded at historical cost. Buildings and equipment
 including capitalized interest and internal engineering costs
 are recorded at cost and depreciated over estimated useful lives
years
 and equipment
 furniture
l. When an item is sold or retired
 the resulting gains and losses
 if any
May 29
 2016
f the carrying amount of the asset group over its fair value. Fair value is measured using a discounted cash flow model or independent appraisals
In fiscal 2016
each of our reporting units. We compare the carrying value of a reporting unit
 including goodwill
 to the fair value of the unit. Carrying value is based on the assets and liabilities associated with the operations of that reporting unit
ires allocation of shared or corporate items among reporting units. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 we revalue all assets and liabilities of the reporting unit
 excluding goodwill
t assets is greater than the net assets including goodwill. If the fair value of the net assets is less than the carrying amount of net assets including goodwill
h flow model. Growth rates for sales and profits are determined using inputs from our long-range planning process. We also make estimates of discount rates
 perpetuity growth assumptions
 market comparables
s of our other intangible assets
 mainly brands
 to determine if they are finite or indefinite-lived. Reaching a determination on useful life requires significant judgments and assumptions regarding the future effects of obsolescence
 demand
 competition
other economic factors (such as the stability of the industry
 known technological advances
 legislative action that results in an uncertain or changing regulatory environment
 and expected changes in distribution channels)
ce expenditures
on a straight-line basis
 over their useful lives
 intangible assets
 mainly intangible assets primarily associated with the 
 
 
 
 
 

brands
 based on a discounted cash flow model using inputs which included projected revenues from our long-range plan
yable if we did not own the brands
Our finite-lived intangible assets
 primarily acquired franchise agreements and customer relationships
Measurement of an impairment loss would be based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset over its fair value. Fair value is measured using a discounted cash flow model or other similar valuation model
 ventures
 incur various expenses (primarily research and development)
 and record the tax impact of certain joint venture operations that are structured as partnerships. In addition
nvestments. We also sell certain raw materials
 semi-finished goods
 and finished goods to the joint ventures
In addition
urred including
 but not limited to
 operating losses
 projected decreases in earnings
eighted average cost of capital
evenue growth and profitability
 royalty rates
 capital spending
 depreciation and taxes
foreign currency exchange rates
 and a discount rate. By their nature
 these projections and assumptions are uncertain. If we were to determine the current 

 a consolidated entity. Sodiaal International (Sodiaal) holds the remaining 49 pe
 for as long as the put is exercisable by Sodiaal. When the put is no longer exercisable
ditional paid-in capital on our Consolidated Balance Sheets quarterly to the redeemable interest&#8217;s redemption value
 which approximates its fair value
n a discounted cash flow model. The significant assumptions used to estimate the redemption value include projected revenue growth and profitability from our long-range plan
 capital spending
 depreciation
 taxes
rates
We recognize sales revenue when the shipment is accepted by our customer. Sales include shipping and handling charges billed to the customer and are reported net of consumer coupon redemption
 trade promotion and other costs
including estimated allowances for returns
 unsalable product
 and prompt pay discounts. Sales
 use
 value-added
 and other excise taxes are not recognized in revenue. Coupons are recorded when distributed
ions are recorded based on estimated participation and performance levels for offered programs at the time of sale. We generally do not allow a right of return. However
 on a limited case-by-case basis with prior approval
product. In limited circumstances
for doubtful accounts represents our estimate of probable non-payments and credit losses in our existing receivables
recorded on an undiscounted basis when they are probable and reasonably estimable
nnovation
es
 wages
 consulting
supplies attributable to R&amp;D activities. Other costs include depreciation and maintenance of research facilities
For all significant foreign operations
 the functional currency is the local currency. Assets and liabilities of these operations are translated at the period-end exchange rates. Incom
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value based on quoted market prices or our estimate of their fair value
rrent or noncurrent assets or liabilities based on their maturity. Changes in the fair values of derivatives are recorded in net earnings or other comprehensive income
as a hedge transaction and
 if so
 are reclassified to earnings in the period the hedged item affects earnings. If the underlying hedged transaction ceases to exist
ng
 of awards upon retirement
 termination
 or death of eligible employees and directors. We consider a stock-based award to be vested when the employee&#8217;s retention of the award is no longer contingent on providing subsequent service. Accordingly
 achieved
 deductions in excess of recognized compensation cost as a financing cash flow
Defined Benefit Pension
 Other Postretirement
sponsor several domestic and foreign defined benefit plans to provide pension
 health care
 and other welfare benefits to retired employees. Under certain circumstances
 we also provide accruable benefits to former or inactive employees in the United State

and members of our Board of Directors
cial Statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities
ate of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates include our accounting for promotional expenditures
 valuation of long-lived assets
 intangible assets
 redeemable interest
ck-based compensation
 income taxes
 and defined benefit pension
In the first quarter of fiscal 2015
 we adopted new accounting requirements on the financial statement presentation of unrecognized tax benefits when a net operating loss
 a similar tax loss
In the second quarter of fiscal 2015
In the first quarter of fiscal 2016
In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016
 we adopted new accounting requirements for the presentation of deferred tax assets and liabilities
 requiring noncurrent classification for all deferred tax assets and liabilities on the statement of













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 29
 2016







During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016
 we sold our General Mills de Venezuela CA subsidiary to a third party and exited our business in Venezuela. As a result of this transaction
 million. In addition
During the second quarter of fiscal 2016
for $822.7 million in cash
 and we recorded a pre-tax gain of $199.1 million. We received net cash proceeds of $788.0 million after transaction related costs. After the divestiture
During the second quarter of fiscal 2015
 we acquired Annie&#8217;s
 a publicly traded food company headquartered in Berkeley
rnia
 for an aggregate purchase price of $821.2 million
 which we funded by issuing debt. We consolidated Annie&#8217;s into our Consolidated Balance Sheets and recorded goodwill of $589.8 million
44.5 million
 and a finite lived customer relationship asset of $23.9 million. The pro forma effects of this acquisition were not material. 



































The entire disclosure for business combinations
 including leverage buyout transactions (as applicable)
 and divestitures.  This may include a description of a business combination or divestiture (or series of individually immaterial business combinations or divestitures) completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and assets and liabilities recognized and reclassified or sold. This element does not include fixed asset sales and plant closings.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





RESTRUCTURING
 IMPAIRMENT
 AND OTHER EXIT COSTS


May 29
 2016

RESTRUCTURING
 IMPAIRMENT
 AND OTHER EXIT COSTS [Abstract]




RESTRUCTURING
 IMPAIRMENT
 AND OTHER EXIT COSTS

 IMPAIRMENT
In fiscal 2015
in restructuring
 impairment
argets. Each restructuring action normally takes one to two years to complete. At completion (or as each major stage is completed in the case of multi-year programs)
result in various restructuring costs
 including asset write-offs
 exit charges including severance
 contract termination fees
 and decommissioning and other costs. Accelerated depreciation associated with restructured assets
 disclosures regarding restructuring activity
In the first quarter of fiscal 2016
 we approved Project Compass
 a restructuring plan designed to enable our International segment to accelerate long-term growth through increased organizational effectiveness and reduced administrative expense. In connection with this project
quarter of fiscal 2016
 we broadened the scope of Project Century to identify opportunities to streamline our supply chain outside of North America. As part of the expanded project
International segment supply chain located in Berwick
 United Kingdom and East Tamaki
ions
As part of Century
r of fiscal 2016
 we approved a restructuring plan to close our West Chicago
Retail segment supply chain. This action will affect approximately 500 positions
 of net expenses relating to this action
As part of Century
 in the first quarter of fiscal 2016
 we approved a restructuring plan to close our Joplin
 Missouri snacks plant in our U.S. Retail segment supply chain. This action affected 
 of net expenses relating to this action
As part of Century
arter of fiscal 2015
 we approved a restructuring plan to reduce our refrigerated dough capacity and exit our Midland
 Ontario
 Canada and New Albany
 Indiana facilities
 which support our U.S. Retail
 International
approximately 100 positions
 of net expenses relating to this action
400 positions
As part of Century
 in the second quarter of fiscal 2015
 we approved a restructuring plan to consolidate yogurt manufacturing capacity and exit our Methuen
As part of Century
 in the second quarter of fiscal 2015
capacity and exit our Lodi
In addition to the actions taken at certain facilities described above
ructuring charges in fiscal 2016
 relating to Century
 and $17.2 million in fiscal 2015
During the second quarter of fiscal 2015
 we approved Project Catalyst
nd reduce overhead expense. In connection with this project
 of net expenses relating to these actions of which $118 million will be cash. In fiscal 2016
cal 2015
scal 2014
In fiscal 2016
in cash relating to restructuring initiatives. In fiscal 2015
 we paid $63.6 million in cash relating to restructuring initiatives. In fiscal 2014
In addition to restructuring charges
 of additional project-related costs
 which will be recorded in cost of sales
 2015. In addition
Restructuring
 impairment
The roll forward of our restructuring and other exit cost reserves
 included in other current liabilities
Reserve balance as of May 26
2014 charges
Reserve balance as of May 25
2015 charges
Reserve balance as of May 31
2016 charges
Reserve balance as of May 29
The charges recognized in the roll forward of our reserves for restructuring and other exit costs do not include items charged directly to expense (e.g.
 asset impairment charges
 the gain or loss on the sale of restructured assets
spare parts) and other periodic exit costs recognized as incurred
 as those items are not reflected in our restructuring and other exit cost reserves on our Consolidated Balance Sheets.



































The entire disclosure for restructuring and related activities. Description of restructuring activities such as exit and disposal activities
 include facts and circumstances leading to the plan
 the expected plan completion date
 the major types of costs associated with the plan activities
 total expected costs
 the accrual balance at the end of the period
 and the periods over which the remaining accrual will be settled.
 -Subsection 3
 4








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 29
 2016







 percent equity interest in Cereal Partners Worldwide (CPW)
 Japan
May 29
May 31
1
1
2
2
2
2
1
May 29
May 31
1
1
484.8













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 29
 2016







May 29
May 31
8
8
4
4
     Franchise agreements
 customer relationships
4
4
13
13
551.9
 201
 amortization expense
 
Balance as of May 26
5
1
8
Other activity
Balance as of May 25
5
1
8
Other activity
Balance as of May 31
6
1
8
Other activity
Balance as of May 29
6
1
8
 fiscal 2015
 our segments at the U.S. Retail
 International
 and Convenience Stores and Foodservice operating segment level.
 and determined there was no impair
 
Balance as of May 26
3
1
5
Other activity
Balance as of May 25
3
1
5
Other activity
Balance as of May 31
3
1
4
Other activity
Balance as of May 29
3
1
4
As of our fiscal 2016 assessment date
 there was no impairment of any of our indefinite-lived intangible assets as their related fair values were substantially in excess of the carrying values
fiscal 2018 will focus on growth investments on our brands and platforms with the strongest profitable growth potential. As a result
 select brands in our U.S. Retail segment could experience reduced future sales projections for
 while not impaired as of May 29
 2016
 fiscal 2015
 we made a strategic decision to re
range plan for this business declined.  As a result of this triggering event
 brand intangible asset as of May 31
 2015
range cash flow projections for the Green Giant business
 an updated royalty rate
weighted-average cost of capital
restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs in



































The entire disclosure for the aggregate amount of goodwill and a description of intangible assets
 which may include (a) for amortizable intangible assets (also referred to as finite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 the amount of any significant residual value
 and the weighted-average amortization period
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization (also referred to as indefinite-lived intangible assets)
 the carrying amount
 and (c) the amount of research and development assets acquired and written off in the period
 including the line item in the income statement in which the amounts written off are aggregated
 if not readily apparent from the income statement. Also discloses (a) for amortizable intangibles assets in total and by major class
 the gross carrying amount and accumulated amortization
 the total amortization expense for the period
 and the estimated aggregate amortization expense for each of the five succeeding fiscal years
 (b) for intangible assets not subject to amortization the carrying amount in total and by major class
 and (c) for goodwill
 in total and for each reportable segment
 the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill during the period (including the aggregate amount of goodwill acquired
 the aggregate amount of impairment losses recognized
 and the amount of goodwill included in the gain (loss) on disposal of a reporting unit). If any part of goodwill has not been allocated to a reportable segment
 discloses the unallocated amount and the reasons for not allocating. For each impairment loss recognized related to an intangible asset (excluding goodwill)
 discloses: (a) a description of the impaired intangible asset and the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method for determining fair value
 (c) the caption in the income statement or the statement of activities in which the impairment loss is aggregated
 and (d) the segment in which the impaired intangible asset is reported. For each goodwill impairment loss recognized
 discloses: (a) a description of the facts and circumstances leading to the impairment
 (b) the amount of the impairment loss and the method of determining the fair value of the associated reporting unit
 and (c) if a recognized impairment loss is an estimate not finalized and the reasons why the estimate is not final.  May also disclose the nature and amount of any significant adjustments made to a previous estimate of an impairment loss.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
 RISK MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES
 AND FAIR VALUES


May 29
 2016

FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
 RISK MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES
 AND FAIR VALUES [Abstract]




FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
 RISK MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES
 AND FAIR VALUES
FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
GEMENT ACTIVITIES
The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents
 receivables
 accounts payable
 other current liabilities
May 29
May 31
 2015
holding period
 and/or the security&#8217;s maturity date. The aggregate unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities
 net of tax effects
As of May 29
 2016
May 29
 2016
The fair value and carrying amounts of long-term debt
 including the current portion
8
8
 million
 respectively
May 29
As a part of our ongoing operations
. To manage these risks
transactions (e.g.
 futures
 options
Many commodities we use in the production and distribution of our products are exposed to market price risks. We utilize derivatives to manage price risk for our principal ingredients and energy costs
 including grains (oats
 wheat
and corn)
 oils (principally soybean)
 dairy products
 natural gas
chain. We manage our exposures through a combination of purchase orders
 long-term contracts with suppliers
 exchange-traded futures and options
We use derivatives to manage our exposure to changes in commodity prices. We do not perform the assessments required to achieve hedge accounting for commodity derivative positions. Accordingly
Although we do not meet the criteria for cash flow hedge accounting
ce of commodities purchased for use in our supply chain. Accordingly
xposure we are managing affects earnings. At that time we reclassify the gain or loss from unallocated corporate items to segment operating profit
esulting mark-to-market volatility
 which remains in unallocated corporate items.
May 29
 2016
ommodity derivatives was $295.4 million
We are exposed to interest rate volatility with regard to future issuances of fixed-rate debt
 and existing and future issuances of floating-rate debt. Primary exposures include U.S. Treasury rates
 LIBOR
 Euribor
 rates in the United States and Europe. We use interest rate swaps
 forward-starting interest rate swaps
 and treasury locks to hedge our exposure to interest rate changes
 to reduce the volatility of our financing costs
n of fixed rate versus floating-rate debt
 based on current and projected market conditions. Generally under these swaps
Floating Interest Rate Exposures &#8212; Floating-to-fixed interest rate swaps are accounted for as cash flow hedges
 as are all hedges of forecasted issuances of debt. Effectiveness is assessed based on either the perfectly effective hypothetical derivative 
 
ges in the fair value of the underlying debt and derivatives
 using incremental 

 fiscal 2016
 in advance of planned debt financing
llion of treasury locks with an average fixed rate of 2.1 percent due February 15
In advance of planned debt financing
fiscal 2015
fiscal 2015
fixed-rate notes due October 20
 2017
 and $500.0 million of 2.2 percent fixed-rate notes due October 21
 2019
In advance of planned debt financing
rcent. All of these treasury locks were cash settled for $17.9 million in fiscal 2014
As of May 29
 2016
aining in AOCI
 which will be reclassified to earnings over the remaining term of the related underlying debt
5.7% notes due February 15
5.65% notes due February 15
3.15% notes due December 15
1.0% notes due April 27
3.65% notes due February 15
1.5% notes due April 27
5.4% notes due June 15
4.15% notes due February 15
May 29
May 31
1
1
1
May 29
May 31
Foreign currency fluctuations affect our net investments in foreign subsidiaries and foreign currency cash flows related to third party purchases
 intercompany loans
 product shipments
exposed to the translation of foreign currency earnings to the U.S. dollar. Our principal exposures are to the Australian dollar
 Brazilian real
 British pound sterling
 Canadian dollar
 Chinese renminbi
 euro
 Japanese yen
 Mexican peso
May 29
 2016
 the net notional value of foreign exchange derivatives was 
 
 fiscal 2016
500.0 million of euro-denominated bonds. In fiscal 2015
 fiscal 2014
May 29
 2016
 we had deferred net foreign currency transaction 
 we remeasured the value of the assets and liabilities of our former Venezuelan subsidiary based on the exchange rate at which we expected to remit dividends in U.S. dollars from the SIMADI market. In fiscal 2015
e loss. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016
May 29
 2016
The fair values of our assets
 liabilities
May 29
May 31
 2015
May 29
May 29
Total assets
 liabilities
These contracts and investments are recorded as prepaid expenses and other current assets
 other assets
 or other liabilities
 as appropriate
 current assets or as other current liabilities
 as appropriate
May 31
May 31
Total assets
 liabilities
These contracts and investments are recorded as prepaid expenses and other current assets
 other assets
 other liabilities
 as appropriate
rrent assets or as other current liabilities
 as appropriate
Information related to our cash flow hedges
 fair value hedges
May 29
May 31
 2015
Gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into earnings is reported in interest
 recognized in earnings is related to the ineffective portion of the hedging relationship
 including SG&amp;A expenses for foreign exchange contracts and interest
Gain (loss) recognized in earnings is reported in interest
 net for interest rate contracts
 in cost of sales for commodity contracts
As of May 29
 2016
May 29
 2016
investment grade
May 29
 2016
May 29
 2016
During fiscal 2016
Includes Wal-Mart Stores
We enter into interest rate
 foreign exchange
 and certain commodity and equity derivatives
 primarily with a diversified group of highly rated counterparties. We continually monitor our positions and the credit ratings of the counterparties involved and
by policy
 limit the amount of credit exposure to any one party. These transactions may expose us to potential losses due to the risk of nonperformance by these counterparties; however
to the credit risk of the counterparties
 should the counterparties fail to perform according to the terms of the contracts
swap agreements
so allows suppliers to finance advances on our scheduled payments at the sole discretion of the supplier and the third party. We have no economic interest in these financing arrangements and no direct relationship with the suppliers
 the third party
May 29
 2016
 







The entire disclosure for financial instruments. This disclosure includes
 but is not limited to
 fair value measurements of short and long term marketable securities
 international currencies forward contracts
 and auction rate securities. Financial instruments may include hedging and non-hedging currency exchange instruments
 derivatives
 securitizations and securities available for sale at fair value. Also included are investment results
 realized and unrealized gains and losses as well as impairments and risk management disclosures.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 29
 2016







May 29
May 31
o ensure availability of funds
May 29
 2016
Concurrent with the execution of this credit facility
 we terminated our $1.7 billion and $1.0 billion credit facilities.
 our subsidiary
 Yoplait S.A.S.
The credit facilities contain covenants
May 29
In January 2016
 we issued &#8364;500.0&#160;million principal amount of floating-rate notes due January&#160;15
In January 2016
In April 2015
 we issued &#8364;500.0&#160;million principal amount of 1.0 percent fixed-rate notes due April 27
 2023 and &#8364;400.0 million principal amount of 1.5 percent fixed-rate notes due April 27
notes may be redeemed in whole
 or in part
In March 2015
In October 2014
 we issued $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 1.4 percent fixed-rate notes due October 20
million aggregate principal amount of 2.2 percent fixed-rate notes due October 21
 2019. Interest on the notes is payable semi-annually in arrears. The notes may be redeemed in whole
 or in part
In June 2014
our subsidiary
 Yoplait S.A.S.
0 million principal amount of 2.2 percent fixed-rate senior notes due June 24
d in whole
 or in part
In June 2014
May 29
May 31
5.65% notes due February 15
1
1
5.7% notes due February 15
1
1
3.15% notes due December 15
1
1
Euro-denominated 2.1% notes due November 16
Euro-denominated 1.0% notes due April 27
Floating-rate euro-denominated notes  due January 15
1.4% notes due October 20
5.4% notes due June 15
4.15% notes due February 15
3.65% notes due February 15
2.2% notes due October 21
Floating-rate notes due January 29
Euro-denominated 1.5% notes due April 27
0.875% notes due January 29
Floating-rate notes due January 28
Euro-denominated 2.2% notes due June 24
Medium-term notes
 0.02% to 6.44%
Other
8
8
(1
(1
7
7
payments due on long-term debt in the next five years based on stated contractual maturities
 our intent to redeem
1
103.4
 
1
150.4
1
056.0
May 29
 2016
May 29
 2016
 the 



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20
22)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 29
 2016







our Yoplait SAS
 Yoplait Marques SNC
 Marques S&#224;rl
 and General Mills Cereals
In addition
May 29
On the acquisition date
 we recorded the $
redeemable interest&#8217;s redemption value
May 29
 2016
On the acquisition dates
 we recorded the $281.4 million fair value of Sodiaal&#8217;s 50 percent euro-denominated interest in Yoplait Marques SNC and 50 percent Canadian dollar-denominated interest in L
rmined prices through July 1
On June 1
 2015
For financial reporting purposes
 the assets
ilities
 results of operations
May 29
 2016
 we were in compliance with all of these covenants.







The entire disclosure for noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiaries
 which could include the name of the subsidiary
 the ownership percentage held by the parent
 the ownership percentage held by the noncontrolling owners
 the amount of the noncontrolling interest
 the location of this amount on the balance sheet (when not reported separately)
 an explanation of the increase or decrease in the amount of the noncontrolling interest
 the noncontrolling interest share of the net Income or Loss of the subsidiary
 the location of this amount on the income statement (when not reported separately)
 the nature of the noncontrolling interest such as background information and terms
 the amount of the noncontrolling interest represented by preferred stock
 a description of the preferred stock
 and the dividend requirements of the preferred stock.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 29
 2016







of 5.0 million shares
 without par value
May 6
 2014
Purchases under the authorization can be made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions
 including the use of call options and other derivative instruments
 Rule 10b5-1 trading plans
$1
$1
Net earnings
1
1
reclassified from AOCI into earnings is reported in interest
Net earnings
1
(1
 reclassified from AOCI into earnings is reported in interest
Net earnings
1
2
 reclassified from AOCI into earnings is reported in interest
 net for interest rate swaps and in cost of sales 
 
 
xcept for reclassifications to earnings
 balances
 net of tax effects
May 29
May 31
Pension
 other postretirement
(1
(1
(2
(2
310.7)



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 29
 2016







May 29
 2016
 were available for grant in the form of stock options
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
lso provides for the issuance of cash-settled share-based units
 stock appreciation rights
 and performance-based stock awards. Stock-based awards now outstanding include some granted under the 2005
 2006
 2007
 and 2009 stock plans
 awards may be granted. The stock plans provide for potential accelerated vesting of awards upon retirement
 termination
We estimate the fair value of each option on the grant date using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model
 which requires us to make predictive assumptions regarding future stock price volatility
 employee exercise behavior
 dividend yield
forfeiture rate. We estimate our future stock price volatility using the historical volatility over the expected term of the option
ility. We also have considered
 but did not use
 implied volatility in our estimate
 because trading activity in options on our stock
 especially those with tenors of greater than 6 months
nts which are less than that previously recognized in earnings) are first offset against the cumulative balance of windfall tax benefits
 if any
 and then charged directly to income tax expense
Options may be priced at 100 percent or more of the fair market value on the date of grant
Balance as of May 26
29
47
2
(6
Balance as of May 25
29
44
2
(7
Balance as of May 31
26
39
1
(8
Balance as of May 29
22
32
401.6
 $
 amounts recognized in restructuring
 impairment
Restricted Stock
 Restricted Stock Units
Stock and units settled in stock subject to a restricted period and a purchase price
 if any (as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors)
 Participants holding restricted stock
 but not restricted stock units or performance share units
 are entitled to vote on matters submitted to holders of common stock for a vote. These awards accumulate dividends from the date of grant
Non-vested as of May 31
6
1
(2
  Forfeited
 expired
Non-vested as of May 29
5
1
1
2
May 29
 2016
stock options
 restricted stock units
 months
 on average.
 $
yments recognized in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings includes amounts recognized in restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit







The entire disclosure for compensation-related costs for equity-based compensation
 which may include disclosure of policies
 compensation plan details
 allocation of equity compensation
 incentive distributions
 equity-based arrangements to obtain goods and services
 deferred compensation arrangements
 employee stock ownership plan details and employee stock purchase plan details.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 29
 2016







In Millions
1
1
1
 Restricted  stock units
 performance share units
 and other
 
 and performance share units

Anti-dilutive stock options
 restricted stock units
 













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 29
 2016







We have defined benefit pension plans covering many employees in the United States
 Canada
 France
2016
 1
 of our retirees in the United States
 Canada
 salaried health care benefit plan is contributory
trend rates annually. Our review is based on data we collect about our health care claims experience and information provided by our actuaries. This information includes recent plan experience
 plan design
 overall industry experience and projections
adjusted as necessary to remain consistent with this review
 recent experiences
 adjusted annually
 as necessary
Effect on the other postretirement accumulated benefit obligation as of May 29
The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act
 as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively
Under certain circumstances
 we also provide accruable benefits to former or inactive employees in the United States
 Canada
 and Mexico
 and members of our Board of Directors
Summarized financial information about defined benefit pension
 other postretirement
5
5
5
5
6
5
1
1
6
6
1
1
Assumed mortality rates of plan participants are a critical estimate in measuring the expected payments a participant will receive over their lifetime and the amount of expense we recognize. On October&#160;27
 2014
 published RP-2014 Mortality Tables and Mortality Improvement Scale MP-2014
5
May 29
 2016
5
May 31
May 29
May 31
 2015
(1
(1
(1
(1
(1
(1
(1
(1
5
4
1
1
4
Our discount rate assumptions are determined annually as of the last day of our fiscal year for our defined benefit pension
postretirement
postemployment benefit plan obligations. We also use the same discount rates to determine defined benefit pension
postretirement
 and postemployment benefit plan income and expense for the following fiscal year. We work with our outside actuaries to determine the timing and amount of expected future cash outflows to plan participants and
 Median corporate bond yield
 to develop a forward interest rate curve
May 29
May 31
 2015
May 29
May 31
1
2
1
1
3
1
1
1
2
1
5
2
2
1
5
 United States and international equity securities
 mutual funds
 and equity futures valued at closing prices from national exchanges; and commingled funds
 privately held securities
s provided by the investment managers
 which are based on the fair value of the underlying investments. Various methods are used to determine fair values and may include the cost of the investment
 most recent financing
f these investments
Primarily government and corporate debt securities and futures for purposes of total return
 to policy allocations
 and managing duration targets. Investments include: fixed income securities and bond futures generally valued at closing prices from national exchanges
 fixed income pricing models
me commingled funds valued at unit values provided by the investment managers
f total return. Investments include: energy and real estate securities generally valued at closing prices from national exchanges; and commingled funds
 private securities
investment managers
Global balanced fund of equity
 fixed income
 and real estate securities for purposes of meeting Canadian pension plan asset allocation policies
ance and annuity contracts to provide a stable stream of income for retirees and to fund postretirement medical benefits. Fair values are derived from unit values provided by the investment managers
May 29
May 31
Balance as of May 31
Net Purchases
Issuances
Balance as of May 29
1
May 25
Net Purchases
Issuances
May 31
1
1
May 29
 2016
Our expected rate of return on plan assets is determined by our asset allocation
 our historical long-term investment performance
 our estimate of future long-term returns by asset class (using input from our actuaries
 investment services
 and investment managers)
 and long-term inflation assumptions. We review this assumption annually for each plan
 however
 our annual investment performance for one particular year does not
 by itself
The investment objective for our defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans is to secure the benefit obligations to participants at a reasonable cost to us. Our goal is to optimize the long-term return on plan assets at a moderate level of risk. The defined benefit pension plan and other postretirement benefit plan portfolios are broadly diversified across asset classes. Within asset classes
For the defined benefit pension plans
 the long-term investment policy allocation is: 25 percent to equities in the United States; 15 percent to international equities; 10 percent to private equities; 35 percent to fixed income; and 15 percent to real assets (real estate
 energy
 and timber). For other postretirement benefit plans
 the long-term investment policy allocations are: 30 percent to equities in the United States; 20 percent to international equities; 10 percent to private equities; 30 percent to fixed income; and 10 percent to real assets (real estate
 energy
 and timber). The actual allocations to 
 other postretirem
 our current projections
Estimated benefit payments
 which reflect expected future service
 as appropriate
1
731.5
 hourly
 nonunion
savings plan that includes a number of investment funds
May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
 $
May 29
 2016
May 31
May 29
May 31
 2015
 respectively













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 29
 2016







1
1
2
2
1
2
State and local income taxes
Other
May 29
May 31
Stock
 partnership
1
1
1
1
1
1
Stock
 partnership
2
2
1
1
We have established a valuation allowance against certain of the categories of deferred tax assets described above as current evidence does not suggest we will realize sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character (e.g.
 million
 million

As of May 29
 2016
 loss carryforwards.  Of this amount
s
nings indefinitely
 fiscal 2015
iated in a tax-neutral manner
We are subject to federal income taxes in the United States as well as various state
 local
the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular uncertain tax position
 we believe that our liabilities for income taxes reflect the most likely outcome. We adjust these liabilities
 as well as the related interest
te) and Canada. Various tax examinations by United States state taxing authorities could be conducted for any open tax year
 which vary by jurisdiction
 but are generally from 3 to 5 years.    
May 29
 2016
 we have effectively settled all
The following table sets forth changes in our total gross unrecognized tax benefit liabilities
 excluding accrued interest
 the amount that
 if recognized
Balance
Balance
May 29
 2016
 we expect to pay 
 million of tax-related net interest and penalties
May 29
 2016
 of tax-related net interest and penalties
May 31
 2015



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





LEASES
 OTHER COMMITMENTS
 AND CONTINGENCIES


May 29
 2016

LEASES
 OTHER COMMITMENTS
 AND CONTINGENCIES [Abstract]




LEASES
 OTHER COMMITMENTS
 AND CONTINGENCIES
NOTE 15. LEASES
 OTHER COMMITMENTS
 AND CONTINGENCIES
$193.5 million
 and $189.0 million in fiscal 2016
 2015
 and 2014
Some operating leases require payment of property taxes
 insurance
May 29
 2016
ubsidiaries
 and other obligations of non-consolidated affiliates
 mainly CPW. In addition
future payments under non-cancelable operating leases
May 29
 2016



































The entire disclosure for commitments
 contingencies
 and guarantees.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 29
 2016








 consolidated net sales; International
 consolidated net sales; and Convenience Stores and Foodservice
 fiscal 2015
 fiscal 2015
ned into Meals and Baking Products. Small Planet Foods transitioned into Snacks
 Cereal
n our U.S. Retail segment to conform to the new operating unit structure. These realignments had no effect on previously reported consolidated net sales
 operating segments&#8217; net sales
 operating profit
 segment operating profit
o General Mills
. In addition
Our chief operating decision maker continues to assess performance and make decisions about resources to be allocated to our segments at the U.S. Retail
 International
segment reflects business with a wide variety of grocery stores
 mass merchandisers
tores
 natural food chains
drug
 dollar and discount chains
n this business segment are ready-to-eat cereals
 refrigerated yogurt
 soup
 meal kits
 refrigerated and frozen dough products
 dessert and baking mixes
 frozen pizza and pizza snacks
 grain
 fruit and savory snacks
including meal kits
 granola bars
Our International segment consists of retail and foodservice businesses outside of the United States. Our product categories include ready-to-eat cereals
 shelf stable and frozen vegetables
 meal kits
 refrigerated and frozen dough products
baking mixes
 frozen pizza snacks
 refrigerated yogurt
 grain and fruit snacks
gment also includes products manufactured in the United States for export
 mainly to Caribbean and Latin American markets
In our Convenience Stores and Foodservice segment our major product categories are ready-to-eat cereals
 snacks
 refrigerated yogurt
 frozen meals
 unbaked and fully baked frozen dough products
consumer and nearly all are branded to our customers. We sell to distributors and operators in many customer channels including foodservice
 convenience stores
 vending
Operating profit for these segments excludes unallocated corporate items
 gain on divestitures
 and restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs. Unallocated corporate items include corporate overhead expenses
 variances to planned domestic employee benefits and incentives
 contributions to the General Mills Foundation
 impact of hyperinflationary economies
 restructuring initiative project-related costs
 and other items that are not part of our measurement of segment operating performance. These include gains and losses arising from the revaluation of certain grain inventories and gains and losses from mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions until passed back to our operating segments. These items affecting operating profit are centrally managed at the corporate level and are excluded from the measure of segment profitability reviewed by executive management. Under our supply chain organization
 our manufacturing
 warehouse
 and distribution activities are substantially integrated across our operations in order to maximize efficiency and productivity. As a result
10
10
10
4
5
5
1
1
1
16
17
17
2
2
2
2
3
3
Restructuring
 impairment
2
2
2
3
3
3
2
2
2
2
2
2
2
2
2
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
16
17
17
11
12
12
4
5
5
16
17
17
May 29
May 31
May 29
May 31
Land
 buildings
2
2
1
3
3
783.3



































The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 29
 2016







May 29
May 31
1
1
1
1
May 29
May 31
1
1
1
1
May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
During fiscal 2015
May 29
May 31
   Derivative receivables
May 29
May 31
Land
 buildings
2
2
5
6
      Total land
 buildings
9
9
(5
(5
3
3
May 29
May 31
May 29
May 31
   Accrued interest
1
1
May 29
May 31
   Accrued compensation and benefits
1
1
2
1
The components of interest
Expense (Income)
Interest
 net







The entire disclosures of supplemental information
 including descriptions and amounts
 related to the balance sheet
 income statement
 and/or cash flow statement.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 29
 2016







In Millions
4
4
4
4
4
4
3
4
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016
 we sold our General Mills de Venezuela CA subsidiary to a third party and exited our business in Venezuela. As a result of this transaction
 we recorded a pre-tax loss of $37.6 million. In addition
 was 19.2 percent
 the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015
 we made a strategic decision to re
During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015
 we approved a one-time repatriation 



































The entire disclosure for the quarterly financial data in the annual financial statements.  The disclosure may include a tabular presentation of financial information for each fiscal quarter for the current and previous year
 including revenues
 gross profit
 income or loss before extraordinary items and earnings per share data. It also includes an indication if the information in the note is unaudited
 comments on the aggregate effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability or are pertinent to an understanding of the information furnished.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 29
 2016







General Mills
Adjustments due to acquisitions
 translation of amounts
Additions charged to expense
 including translation amounts







The entire disclosure for any allowance and reserve accounts (their beginning and ending balances
 as well as a reconciliation by type of activity during the period). Alternatively
 disclosure of the required information may be within the footnotes to the financial statements or a supplemental schedule to the financial statements.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 29
 2016












valued at the lower of cost
 using the last-in
 first-out (LIFO) method
valued at the lower of cost
 using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method
Shipping costs associated with the distribution of finished product to our customers are recorded as cost of sales
 and are recognized when the related finished product is shipped to and accepted by the customer.



Land
 Buildings
 Equipment
 and Depreciation
Land
 Buildings
 Equipment
Land is recorded at historical cost. Buildings and equipment
 including capitalized interest and internal engineering costs
 are recorded at cost and depreciated over estimated useful lives
years
 and equipment
 furniture
l. When an item is sold or retired
 the resulting gains and losses
 if any
May 29
 2016
f the carrying amount of the asset group over its fair value. Fair value is measured using a discounted cash flow model or independent appraisals
 as appropriate.




In fiscal 2016
each of our reporting units. We compare the carrying value of a reporting unit
 including goodwill
 to the fair value of the unit. Carrying value is based on the assets and liabilities associated with the operations of that reporting unit
ires allocation of shared or corporate items among reporting units. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 we revalue all assets and liabilities of the reporting unit
 excluding goodwill
t assets is greater than the net assets including goodwill. If the fair value of the net assets is less than the carrying amount of net assets including goodwill
h flow model. Growth rates for sales and profits are determined using inputs from our long-range planning process. We also make estimates of discount rates
 perpetuity growth assumptions
 market comparables
s of our other intangible assets
 mainly brands
 to determine if they are finite or indefinite-lived. Reaching a determination on useful life requires significant judgments and assumptions regarding the future effects of obsolescence
 demand
 competition
other economic factors (such as the stability of the industry
 known technological advances
 legislative action that results in an uncertain or changing regulatory environment
 and expected changes in distribution channels)
ce expenditures
on a straight-line basis
 over their useful lives
 intangible assets
 mainly intangible assets primarily associated with the 
 
 
 
 
 

brands
 based on a discounted cash flow model using inputs which included projected revenues from our long-range plan
yable if we did not own the brands
Our finite-lived intangible assets
 primarily acquired franchise agreements and customer relationships
Measurement of an impairment loss would be based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset over its fair value. Fair value is measured using a discounted cash flow model or other similar valuation model
 as appropriate. 




 ventures
 incur various expenses (primarily research and development)
 and record the tax impact of certain joint venture operations that are structured as partnerships. In addition
nvestments. We also sell certain raw materials
 semi-finished goods
 and finished goods to the joint ventures
In addition
urred including
 but not limited to
 operating losses
 projected decreases in earnings
eighted average cost of capital
evenue growth and profitability
 royalty rates
 capital spending
 depreciation and taxes
foreign currency exchange rates
 and a discount rate. By their nature
 these projections and assumptions are uncertain. If we were to determine the current 

 a consolidated entity. Sodiaal International (Sodiaal) holds the remaining 49 pe
 for as long as the put is exercisable by Sodiaal. When the put is no longer exercisable
ditional paid-in capital on our Consolidated Balance Sheets quarterly to the redeemable interest&#8217;s redemption value
 which approximates its fair value
n a discounted cash flow model. The significant assumptions used to estimate the redemption value include projected revenue growth and profitability from our long-range plan
 capital spending
 depreciation
 taxes
rates
 and a dis




We recognize sales revenue when the shipment is accepted by our customer. Sales include shipping and handling charges billed to the customer and are reported net of consumer coupon redemption
 trade promotion and other costs
including estimated allowances for returns
 unsalable product
 and prompt pay discounts. Sales
 use
 value-added
 and other excise taxes are not recognized in revenue. Coupons are recorded when distributed
ions are recorded based on estimated participation and performance levels for offered programs at the time of sale. We generally do not allow a right of return. However
 on a limited case-by-case basis with prior approval
product. In limited circumstances
for doubtful accounts represents our estimate of probable non-payments and credit losses in our existing receivables
 as determined based on a review of past due balances and other specific account data. Account balances are written off against the allowan




recorded on an undiscounted basis when they are probable and reasonably estimable
 generally no later than the completion of feasibility studies or our commitment to a plan of action.









nnovation
es
 wages
 consulting
supplies attributable to R&amp;D activities. Other costs include depreciation and maintenance of research facilities
 including assets at facilities tha




For all significant foreign operations
 the functional currency is the local currency. Assets and liabilities of these operations are translated at the period-end exchange rates. Incom





 Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value based on quoted market prices or our estimate of their fair value
rrent or noncurrent assets or liabilities based on their maturity. Changes in the fair values of derivatives are recorded in net earnings or other comprehensive income
as a hedge transaction and
 if so
 are reclassified to earnings in the period the hedged item affects earnings. If the underlying hedged transaction ceases to exist
 any associated amounts repo




ng
 of awards upon retirement
 termination
 or death of eligible employees and directors. We consider a stock-based award to be vested when the employee&#8217;s retention of the award is no longer contingent on providing subsequent service. Accordingly
 achieved
 deductions in excess of recognized compensation cost as a financing cash flow
 thereby reducing net operating cash flows and increasing net financing cash flows.



Defined Benefit Pension
 Other Postretirement Benefit
 and Postemployment Benefit Plans
Defined Benefit Pension
 Other Postretirement
sponsor several domestic and foreign defined benefit plans to provide pension
 health care
 and other welfare benefits to retired employees. Under certain circumstances
 we also provide accruable benefits to former or inactive employees in the United State

and members of our Board of Directors
 including severance and certain other benefits payable upon death. We recognize an obligation for any of these benefits that vest or accumulate with service. Postemployment benefits that do not v




cial Statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities
ate of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates include our accounting for promotional expenditures
 valuation of long-lived assets
 intangible assets
 redeemable interest
ck-based compensation
 income taxes
 and defined benefit pension
 




In the first quarter of fiscal 2015
 we adopted new accounting requirements on the financial statement presentation of unrecognized tax benefits when a net operating loss
 a similar tax loss
In the second quarter of fiscal 2015
In the first quarter of fiscal 2016
In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016
 we adopted new accounting requirements for the presentation of deferred tax assets and liabilities
 requiring noncurrent classification for all deferred tax assets and liabilities on the statement of



































Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising costs. For those costs that cannot be capitalized
 discloses whether such costs are expensed as incurred or the first period in which the advertising takes place. For direct response advertising costs that are capitalized
 describes those assets and the accounting policy used
 including a description of the qualifying activity
 the types of costs capitalized and the related amortization period. An entity also may disclose its accounting policy for cooperative advertising arrangements.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for (1) legal obligations associated with the disposal or removal of a long-lived asset from service that result from the acquisition
 construction
 or development or from the normal operation of a long-lived asset (except obligations of a lessee in connection with leased property that are minimum lease payments or contingent rentals
 or obligations that arise solely from a plan to sell or otherwise dispose of a long-lived asset); and (2) certain environmental remediation liabilities that resulted from the improper or other-than-normal operation of a long-lived asset. This accounting policy may address (1) whether the related remediation costs are expensed or capitalized
 (2) whether the obligation is measured on a discounted basis
 (3) the event
 situation
 or set of circumstances that generally triggers recognition of loss contingencies arising from the entity's environmental remediation-related obligations
 and (4) the timing of recognition of any recoveries.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for subsidiaries or other investments that are consolidated
 including the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts or transactions and any noncontrolling interest.
 -Section 02
 03
 04
























































Disclosure of accounting policy for (1) transactions denominated in a currency other than the reporting enterprise's functional currency
 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for major classes of inventories
 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
 -Subparagraph i
 ii



























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for pension and other postretirement benefit plans. This accounting policy may address (1) the types of plans sponsored by the entity
 and the benefits provided by each plan (2) groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) how plan assets
 liabilities and expenses are measured
 including the use of any actuaries and (4) significant assumptions used by the entity to value plan assets and liabilities and how such assumptions are derived.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue recognition. If the entity has different policies for different types of revenue transactions
 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for stock option and stock incentive plans. This disclosure may include (1) the types of stock option or incentive plans sponsored by the entity (2) the groups that participate in (or are covered by) each plan (3) significant plan provisions and (4) how stock compensation is measured
 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Restructuring
 Impairment
 and Other Exit Costs (Tables)


May 29
 2016

RESTRUCTURING
 IMPAIRMENT
 AND OTHER EXIT COSTS [Abstract]




Schedule of Restructuring
 Impairment
 and Other Exit Costs [Table Text Block]





Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs




Reserve balance as of May 26
2014 charges
Reserve balance as of May 25
2015 charges
Reserve balance as of May 31
2016 charges
Reserve balance as of May 29
 2016
































































Tabular disclosure of costs incurred for restructuring including
 but not limited to
 exit and disposal activities
 remediation
 implementation
 integration
 asset impairment
 and charges against earnings from the write-down of assets.




























Tabular disclosure of an entity's restructuring reserve that occurred during the period associated with the exit from or disposal of business activities or restructurings for each major type of cost. This element may also include a description of any reversal and other adjustment made during the period to the amount of an accrued liability for restructuring activities. This element may be used to encapsulate the roll forward presentations of an entity's restructuring reserve by type of cost and in total
 and explanation of changes that occurred in the period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 29
 2016







May 29
May 31
 2015




1
1
2
2
2
2
1
030.3




May 29
May 31
1
1
484.8





























































































Tabular disclosure of equity method investments including
 but not limited to
 name of each investee or group of investments
 percentage ownership
 difference between recorded amount of an investment and the value of the underlying equity in the net assets
 and summarized financial information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 29
 2016







May 29
May 31
8
8
4
4
     Franchise agreements
 customer relationships
4
4
13
13
551.9




Balance as of May 26
5
1
8
Other activity
Balance as of May 25
5
1
8
Other activity
Balance as of May 31
6
1
8
Other activity
Balance as of May 29
6
1
8
741.2




Balance as of May 26
3
1
5
Other activity
Balance as of May 25
3
1
5
Other activity
Balance as of May 31
3
1
4
Other activity
Balance as of May 29
3
1
4
538.6




As of our fiscal 2016 assessment date
 there was no impairment of any of our indefinite-lived intangible assets as their related fair values were substantially in excess of the carrying values
 except for the





























































































Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and exist in perpetuity
 by either major class or business segment.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(d)



























Tabular disclosure of goodwill and intangible assets
 which may be broken down by segment or major class.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Financial Instruments
 Risk Management Activities
 and Fair Values (Tables)


May 29
 2016

FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
 RISK MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES
 AND FAIR VALUES [Abstract]















5.7% notes due February 15
5.65% notes due February 15
3.15% notes due December 15
1.0% notes due April 27
3.65% notes due February 15
1.5% notes due April 27
5.4% notes due June 15
4.15% notes due February 15
 2043




May 29
May 31
1
1
250.0




1
000.0




May 29
May 31
 2015




May 29
May 31
 2015




May 29
May 29
Total assets
 liabilities
These contracts and investments are recorded as prepaid expenses and other current assets
 other assets
 or other liabilities
 as appropriate
 current assets or as other current liabilities
 as appropriate
May 31
May 31
Total assets
 liabilities
These contracts and investments are recorded as prepaid expenses and other current assets
 other assets
 other liabilities
 as appropriate
rrent assets or as other current liabilities
 as appropriate
 based on whether in a gain or loss position.




Gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into earnings is reported in interest
 recognized in earnings is related to the ineffective portion of the hedging relationship
 including SG&amp;A expenses for foreign exchange contracts and interest
Gain (loss) recognized in earnings is reported in interest
 net for interest rate contracts
 in cost of sales for commodity contracts
 and in SG&amp;A expenses for equity contracts and foreign exchange contracts.









During fiscal 2016
 customer concentration was as follows:






























































































Tabular disclosure of available-for-sale securities which includes
 but is not limited to
 changes in the cost basis and fair value
 fair value and gross unrealized gain (loss)
 fair values by type of security
 contractual maturity and classification
 amortized cost basis
 contracts to acquire securities to be accounted for as available-for-sale
 debt maturities
 transfers to trading
 change in net unrealized holding gain (loss) net of tax
 continuous unrealized loss position fair value
 aggregate losses qualitative disclosures
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses or other disclosures related to available for sale securities.




























The entire disclosure of the fair value measurement of assets and liabilities
 which includes financial instruments measured at fair value that are classified in shareholders' equity
 which may be measured on a recurring or nonrecurring basis.
























































Tabular disclosure of derivative and other financial assets that are subject to offsetting
 including master netting arrangements.




























Tabular disclosure of derivative and other financial liabilities that are subject to offsetting
 including master netting arrangements.




























Tabular disclosure of the location and amount of derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated as hedging instruments reported before netting adjustments
 and the amount of gain (loss) on derivative instruments and nonderivative instruments designated and qualified as hedging instruments.




























Tabular disclosure of pertinent information about a derivative or group of derivatives on a disaggregated basis
 such as for individual instruments
 or small groups of similar instruments. May include a combination of the type of instrument
 risks being hedged
 notional amount
 hedge designation
 related hedged item
 inception date
 maturity date
 or other relevant item.




























Tabular disclosure of interest rate derivatives
 including
 but not limited to
 the fair value of the derivatives
 statement of financial position location
 and statement of financial performance location of these instruments.




























Tabular disclosure of the nature of a concentration
 a benchmark to which it is compared
 and the percentage that the risk is to the benchmark.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 29
 2016







May 29
May 31
 2015









May 29
May 31
5.65% notes due February 15
1
1
5.7% notes due February 15
1
1
3.15% notes due December 15
1
1
Euro-denominated 2.1% notes due November 16
Euro-denominated 1.0% notes due April 27
Floating-rate euro-denominated notes  due January 15
1.4% notes due October 20
5.4% notes due June 15
4.15% notes due February 15
3.65% notes due February 15
2.2% notes due October 21
Floating-rate notes due January 29
Euro-denominated 1.5% notes due April 27
0.875% notes due January 29
Floating-rate notes due January 28
Euro-denominated 2.2% notes due June 24
Medium-term notes
 0.02% to 6.44%
Other
8
8
(1
(1
7
7
575.3



































Tabular disclosure of long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including identification
 terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity
 if longer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e)
(f))



























Tabular disclosure of short-term or long-term contractual arrangements with lenders
 including letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e)
(f))



























Tabular disclosure of short-term debt arrangements (having initial terms of repayment within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer) including: (1) description of the short-term debt arrangement; (2) identification of the lender or type of lender; (3) repayment terms; (4) weighted average interest rate; (5) carrying amount of funds borrowed under the specified short-term debt arrangement as of the balance sheet date; (6) description of the refinancing of a short-term obligation when that obligation is excluded from current liabilities in the balance sheet; and (7) amount of a short-term obligation that has been excluded from current liabilities in the balance sheet because of a refinancing of the obligation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 29
 2016







$1
$1
774.4




Net earnings
1
1
reclassified from AOCI into earnings is reported in interest
Net earnings
1
(1
 reclassified from AOCI into earnings is reported in interest
Net earnings
1
2
 reclassified from AOCI into earnings is reported in interest
 net for interest rate swaps and in cost of sales 




May 29
May 31
Pension
 other postretirement
(1
(1
(2
(2
310.7)
































































Tabular disclosure of components of comprehensive income (loss). Includes
 but is not limited to
 foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions  designated as economic hedges of a net investment in foreign entity
 gain (loss) and prior service cost (credit) for pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans.




























Tabular disclosure of treasury stock
 including
 but not limited to
 average cost per share
 description of share repurchase program
 shares repurchased
 shares held for each class of treasury stock.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 29
 2016












Balance as of May 26
29
47
2
(6
Balance as of May 25
29
44
2
(7
Balance as of May 31
26
39
1
(8
Balance as of May 29
22
32
401.6









Non-vested as of May 31
6
1
(2
  Forfeited
 expired
Non-vested as of May 29
5
1
1
2
144.1



































Tabular disclosure of components of a stock option or other award plan under which equity-based compensation is awarded to employees
 typically comprised of the amount of unearned compensation (deferred compensation cost)
 compensation expense
 and changes in the quantity and fair value of the shares (or other type of equity) granted
 exercised
 forfeited
 and issued and outstanding pertaining to that plan.  Disclosure may also include nature and general terms of such arrangements that existed during the period and potential effects of those arrangements on shareholders
 effect of compensation cost arising from equity-based payment arrangements on the income statement
 method of estimating the fair value of the goods or services received
 or the fair value of the equity instruments granted
 during the period
 cash flow effects resulting from equity-based payment arrangements and
 for registrants that accelerate vesting of out of the money share options
 reasons for the decision to accelerate.

























































Tabular disclosure of the number and weighted-average exercise prices (or conversion ratios) for share options (or share units) that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 vested and expected to vest
 exercisable or convertible at the end of the year
 and the number of share options or share units that were granted
 exercised or converted
 forfeited
 and expired during the year.




























Tabular disclosure of the significant assumptions used during the year to estimate the fair value of stock options
 including
 but not limited to: (a) expected term of share options and similar instruments
 (b) expected volatility of the entity's shares
 (c) expected dividends
 (d) risk-free rate(s)
 and (e) discount for post-vesting restrictions.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 29
 2016






Schedule of Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted [Table Text Block]
In Millions
1
1
1
 Restricted  stock units
 performance share units
 and other
 
 and performance share units




Anti-dilutive stock options
 restricted stock units
 



































Tabular disclosure of securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented
 by antidilutive securities.




























Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 29
 2016












Effect on the other postretirement accumulated benefit obligation as of May 29
 2016




5
5
5
5
6
5
1
1
6
6
1
1
079.6




(1
(1
(1
(1
(1
(1
(1
(1
749.0)




5
4
1
1
4
498.5


















Schedule of Allocation of Plan Assets
 Including Fair Value Hierarchy Levels and Weighted-Average Target Asset Allocations [Table Text Block]
May 29
May 31
 2015
May 29
May 31
1
2
1
1
3
1
1
1
2
1
5
2
2
1
5
 United States and international equity securities
 mutual funds
 and equity futures valued at closing prices from national exchanges; and commingled funds
 privately held securities
s provided by the investment managers
 which are based on the fair value of the underlying investments. Various methods are used to determine fair values and may include the cost of the investment
 most recent financing
f these investments
Primarily government and corporate debt securities and futures for purposes of total return
 to policy allocations
 and managing duration targets. Investments include: fixed income securities and bond futures generally valued at closing prices from national exchanges
 fixed income pricing models
me commingled funds valued at unit values provided by the investment managers
f total return. Investments include: energy and real estate securities generally valued at closing prices from national exchanges; and commingled funds
 private securities
investment managers
Global balanced fund of equity
 fixed income
 and real estate securities for purposes of meeting Canadian pension plan asset allocation policies
ance and annuity contracts to provide a stable stream of income for retirees and to fund postretirement medical benefits. Fair values are derived from unit values provided by the investment managers
 which are generally based on the fair value of the under




Balance as of May 31
Net Purchases
Issuances
Balance as of May 29
1
May 25
Net Purchases
Issuances
May 31
1
1
041.4




1
731.5







Disclosure of the total net gain or loss and net prior service cost or credit included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)
 as of the balance sheet date
 for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans
 because they have yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.




























Tabular disclosure of the change in the benefit obligation
 fair value of plan assets
 and funded status of pension plans or other employee benefit plans.
























































Tabular disclosure of the major categories of plan assets of pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans.  This information may include
 but is not limited to
 the target allocation of plan assets
 the fair value of each major category of plan assets
 and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall.




























Tabular disclosure of the amounts related to pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) expected to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost over the next fiscal year
 including the net gain (loss)
 net prior service cost or credit
 and net transition asset or obligation.




























Tabular disclosure of the assumptions used to determine for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans the benefit obligation and net benefit cost
 including assumed discount rates
 rate increase in compensation increase
 and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets.
















































































































































Tabular disclosure of the assumed health care cost trend rates for the next year used to measure the expected cost of benefits covered by the plans
 including the ultimate trend rate(s) and when that rate is expected to be achieved.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net benefit costs for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans including service cost
 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) recognized due to settlements or curtailments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 29
 2016







1
1
2
2
1
2
655.0




State and local income taxes
Other
 net (a)




May 29
May 31
Stock
 partnership
1
1
1
1
1
1
Stock
 partnership
2
2
1
1
450.2




Balance
Balance
 end of year



































Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.






















































































Tabular disclosure of tax positions taken in the tax returns filed or to be filed for which it is more likely than not that the tax position will not be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities (i.e.
 uncertain tax positions) and other types of income tax contingencies
 including: (1) the policy on classification of interest and penalties; (2) a tabular reconciliation of the total amounts of unrecognized tax benefits at the beginning and end of the period; the total amount(s) of: (3) unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate
 and (4) interest and penalties recognized in each of the income statement and balance sheet; (5) for positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amounts unrecognized will significantly change within 12 months of the reporting date the: (i) nature of the uncertainty
 (ii) nature of the event that could occur that would cause the change
 and (iii) an estimate of the range of the reasonably possible change or a statement that an estimate of the range cannot be made; and (6) a description of tax years that remain subject to examination by major tax jurisdictions.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Leases
 Other Commitments
 and Contingencies (Tables)


May 29
 2016

LEASES
 OTHER COMMITMENTS
 AND CONTINGENCIES [Abstract]









































The entire disclosure for lessee entity's leasing arrangements including
 but not limited to
 all of the following: (a.) The basis on which contingent rental payments are determined
 (b.) The existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses
 (c.) Restrictions imposed by lease agreements
 such as those concerning dividends
 additional debt
 and further leasing.
 -Subparagraph (Note 1
3)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 29
 2016







10
10
10
4
5
5
1
1
1
16
17
17
2
2
2
2
3
3
Restructuring
 impairment
2
2
2
957.4




3
3
3
2
2
2
2
2
2
2
2
2
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
16
17
17
909.6




11
12
12
4
5
5
16
17
17
May 29
May 31
May 29
May 31
Land
 buildings
2
2
1
3
3
783.3




































Tabular disclosure of information concerning material long-lived assets (excluding financial instruments
 customer relationships with financial institutions
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred taxes assets) located in identified geographic areas and/or the amount of revenue from external customers attributed to that country from which revenue is material.  An entity may also provide subtotals of geographic information about groups of countries.




























Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 29
 2016







May 29
May 31
1
1
1
1
386.7




May 29
May 31
1
1
1
1
May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
 were valued at LIFO. 




May 29
May 31
   Derivative receivables
 primarily commodity-related



Components of land
 buildings and equipment [Table Text Block]
May 29
May 31
Land
 buildings
2
2
5
6
      Total land
 buildings
9
9
(5
(5
3
3
783.3




May 29
May 31
 2015




May 29
May 31
   Accrued interest
1
1
589.9




May 29
May 31
   Accrued compensation and benefits
1
1
2
1
744.8








Components of interest
 net [Table Text Block]
Expense (Income)
Interest
 net












Tabular disclosure of the amounts paid in advance for capitalized costs that will be expensed with the passage of time or the occurrence of a triggering event
 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer; the aggregate carrying amount of current assets
 not separately presented elsewhere in the balance sheet; and other deferred costs.
























































Tabular disclosure of interest income and expense
 including
 but not limited to
 interest income and expense from investments
 loans
 and securities.




























Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.




























Tabular disclosure of the (a) carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business (accounts payable); (b) other payables; and (c) accrued liabilities. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer). An alternative caption includes accrued expenses.






















































































Tabular disclosure of credit losses for current financing receivables (such as trade and accounts receivable)
 including a rollforward of the balance.  An alternative caption includes allowance for doubtful accounts.




























Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.
 -Subparagraph a
b
c
























































Tabular disclosure of each detailed component of other operating costs and expenses that are applicable to sales and revenues
 but not included in the cost of sales in the income statement.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 29
 2016







In Millions
4
4
4
4
4
4
3
4
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
1
515.5



































Tabular disclosure of the quarterly financial data in the annual financial statements. The disclosure includes financial information for each fiscal quarter for the current and previous year
 including revenues
 gross profit
 income (loss) before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014















































Annie's
 Inc [Member] | U S Retail [Member]





















Duration of a fiscal period
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but not limited to
 weeks in a year or quarter.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








May 29
 2016






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




































 up to three times before December 2024.























Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Property
 Plant and Equipment Useful Life




Equipment
 Furniture and Software [Member] | Minimum [Member]




Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Property
 Plant and Equipment Useful Life




Equipment
 Furniture and Software [Member] | Maximum [Member]




Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Property
 Plant and Equipment Useful Life





































The percent ownership as of the reporting date of noncontrolling interests which the parent entity is required to redeem (1) at a fixed or determinable price on a fixed or determinable date
 (2) at the option of the holder of the noncontrolling interest
 or (3) upon occurrence of an event that is not solely within the control of the (parent) entity.




























Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































The parent entity's interest in net assets of the subsidiary
 expressed as a percentage.

























































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










May 29
 2016
Nov. 29
 2015
May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014











































147.5




147.5


262.1































































































































































































The net cash inflow after transaction related costs associated with the amount received from the sale of a portion of the company's business
 for example a segment
 division
 branch or other business
 during the period.




























Gain (loss) from sale or disposal of an organization or integrated set of activities (for example
 but not limited to
 a partnership or corporation) engaged in providing a product or service in a commercial
 industrial
 or professional environment.






















































































The cash inflow associated with the amount received from the sale of a portion of the company's business
 for example a segment
 division
 branch or other business
 during the period.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Nov. 23
 2014
May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015











Goodwill
 Acquired During Period

















Business Acquisition
 Annie's Inc [Member]


























Goodwill
 Acquired During Period








Business Acquisition
 Annie's Inc [Member] | Annie's Brand [Member]


























Business Acquisition
 Annie's Inc [Member] | Customer Relationships [Member]



























































Amount of increase in assets
 excluding financial assets
 lacking physical substance with a definite life
 resulting from a business combination.

























































Amount of increase in assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with an indefinite life
 resulting from a business combination.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Restructuring
 Impairment
 and Other Exit Costs (Narrative) (Details)


























































































































































































































  2015











  2017




































































































































  2015


















Q2 2016 Project Century
 Exit Berwick and East Tamaki Facilities [Member] | International [Member]

























  2015











  2018



















































Q1 2016 Project Century
 Exit West Chicago Facility [Member] | US [Member]

























  2015











  2019



















































Q1 2016 Project Century
 Exit Joplin Facility [Member] | US [Member]

























  2015











  2016








































Q1 2016 Project Century
 Exit Joplin Facility [Member] | US [Member] | Maximum [Member]
































Q3 2015 Project Century
 Exit Midland Facility [Member]

























  2015











  2018



















































Q3 2015 Project Century
 Exit New Albany Facility [Member]

























  2015











  2018



















































Q2 2015 Project Century
 Exit Methuen Facility [Member] | U.S. Retail and Convenience Stores and Foodservice Segment [Member]

























  2014











  2016



















































Q2 2015 Project Century
 Exit Lodi Facility [Member] | US [Member]

























  2014











  2016



















































Project Century
 Miscellaneous Costs [Member]

















































































































  2014











  2015

























































































































  2014











  2017

















































































  2012











  2014



















































































































































































































Amount of impairment loss resulting from write-down of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit to fair value.

























































Date the exit and disposal activities were completed or are expected to be completed
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Date the restructuring activities were initiated or are expected to be initiated
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.





























 -Subsection 3
 4






















































































 -Subsection 3
 4









































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Restructuring
 Impairment
 and Other Exit Costs (Schedule of restructuring initiatives) (Details) - USD ($)



May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014











































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.


























































 -Subsection 3
 4

























































 -Subsection 3
 4
























































Amount of expenses for special or contractual termination benefits provided to current employees involuntarily terminated under a benefit arrangement associated exit or disposal activities pursuant to an authorized plan. Excludes expenses related to one-time termination benefits
 a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.
 -Subsection 3
 4















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Restructuring
 Impairment
 and Other Exit Costs (Schedule of restructuring charges classification) (Details) - USD ($)



May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014











Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs



































Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs


























Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs







































































 -Subsection 3
 4






























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Restructuring
 Impairment
 and Other Exit Costs (Schedule of restructuring and other exit cost reserves) (Details) - USD ($)



May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014




















Restructuring charges paid out of reserve
 including foreign currency translation





















































Restructuring charges paid out of reserve
 including foreign currency translation





















































Restructuring charges paid out of reserve
 including foreign currency translation





















































Restructuring charges paid out of reserve
 including foreign currency translation

























































































 -Subsection 3
 4






















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014
























































































































































Duration of a fiscal period
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but not limited to
 weeks in a year or quarter.




















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015











279.8


551.9







































































This item represents the carrying amount on the entity's balance sheet of its investment in common stock of an equity method investee. This is not an indicator of the fair value of the investment
 rather it is the initial cost adjusted for the entity's share of earnings and losses of the investee
 adjusted for any distributions (dividends) and other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses recognized.




























Carrying amount of finite-lived intangible assets
 indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill. Goodwill is an asset representing the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized. Intangible assets are assets
 not including financial assets
 lacking physical substance.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014


































































































This item represents disclosure of the amount of dividends or other distributions received from unconsolidated subsidiaries
 certain corporate joint ventures
 and certain noncontrolled corporation; these investments are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. This element excludes distributions that constitute a return of investment
 which are classified as investing activities.




























Amount of revenue
 fees and commissions earned from transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiaries; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) an entity and trusts for the benefit of employees
 for example
 but not limited to
 pension and profit-sharing trusts that are managed by or under the trusteeship of the entity's management; (d) an entity and its principal
 owners
 management
 or members of their immediate families; and (e) affiliates.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014













044.2


264.7


494.8









030.3









































457.3


484.8


































674.8


894.5


107.9


































This item represents the disclosure of summarized financial information for unconsolidated subsidiaries and 50 percent-or-less owned entities accounted for using the equity method of accounting. If investments in common stock of corporate joint ventures or other investments accounted for under the equity method are
 in the aggregate
 material in relation to the financial position or results of operations of an investor
 it may be necessary to present summarized information as to assets of the investee
 or group of investments for which combined disclosure is appropriate
 either by individual financial statement caption or in groups
 as appropriate. Such summarized financial information may
 at a minimum
 include income from continuing operations before income taxes.





























 -Subparagraph 1
 2




























 -Subparagraph 1
 2




























 -Subparagraph 1
 2




























 -Subparagraph 1
 2




























 -Subparagraph 1
 2




























 -Subparagraph 1
 2



























The amount of revenue from sale of goods and services reduced by sales returns
 allowances
 and discounts reported by an equity method investment of the entity.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015









Future amortization expense
 year one






Future amortization expense
 year two






Future amortization expense
 year three






Future amortization expense
 year four






Future amortization expense
 year five
























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.

























































 -Subparagraph (a
h)



























Amount of impairment loss resulting from write-down of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit to fair value.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014
May 26
 2013















741.2


874.9


650.5


622.2
















147.5


262.1


















Franchise agreements
 customer relationships and other finite-lived intangibles


































538.6


677.0


014.3


015.1





279.8


551.9











Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount before amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




























Amount after amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.










































































































































































Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))



























Carrying amount of finite-lived intangible assets
 indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill. Goodwill is an asset representing the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized. Intangible assets are assets
 not including financial assets
 lacking physical substance.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014













874.9


650.5


622.2





















Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation










741.2


874.9


650.5























419.0


829.2


841.4





















Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation










292.9


419.0


829.2























133.3


402.0


387.0





















Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation










121.0


133.3


402.0
















































Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation






























































Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










May 31
 2015
May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014

















677.0


014.3


015.1




































Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation












677.0


538.6


677.0


014.3






























































311.9


307.5


312.4




































Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation












311.9


211.7


311.9


307.5






























































301.5


641.8


638.2




































Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation












301.5


263.9


301.5


641.8





































































Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation

























Amount of impairment loss resulting from write-down of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit to fair value.

























































Amount of increase (decrease) of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit
 from foreign currency translation and purchase accounting adjustments.




























Amount of write-off of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit associated with the sale of all or a portion of a reporting unit.




























Amount of increase in assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with an indefinite life
 resulting from a business combination.




























Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))




















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014
May 26
 2013















538.6


677.0


014.3


015.1




































Excess Fair Value Above Carrying Value
 Percentage











































Excess Fair Value Above Carrying Value
 Percentage








































































Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))






























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Financial Instruments
 Risk Management Activities
 and Fair Values (Narrative) (Details)
 $ in Millions

























































































































































Long-term debt
 carrying value










161.1










575.7


















253.2




673.0





















































Maximum Length of Time
 Foreign Currency Cash Flow Hedge







































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Euro-denominated 1.0% Notes Due April 27
 2023 [Member]















































Long-term debt
 carrying value























Derivative
 Maturity Date








  2023


  2023













Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage















































Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date








  2023


  2023





































Euro-denominated 1.5% Notes Due April 27
 2027 [Member]















































Long-term debt
 carrying value























Derivative
 Maturity Date








  2027


  2027













Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage















































Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date








  2027


  2027





































1.4% Notes Due October 20
 2017 [Member]















































Long-term debt
 carrying value























Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage























Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date








  2017


  2017


  2017


  2017

























































2.2% Notes Due October 21
 2019 [Member]















































Long-term debt
 carrying value























Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage























Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date








  2019


  2019


  2019


  2019

























































3.65% Notes Due February 15
 2024 [Member]















































Long-term debt
 carrying value























Derivative
 Maturity Date








  2024


  2024













Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage















































Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date








  2024


  2024





































Floating-Rate Euro-denominated Notes Due January 15
 2020 [Member]















































Long-term debt
 carrying value























Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date








  2020


  2020





































2.1% Euro-Denominated Bonds Due November 16
 2020 [Member]















































Long-term debt
 carrying value























Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage























Debt Instrument
 Maturity Date








  2020


  2020





















































































Derivative
 Notional Amount | &#8364;























Derivative
 Average Fixed Interest Rate















































































































































Derivative
 Notional Amount















































Derivative Contacts Inputs
 Average Period of Utilization







































































Derivative
 Notional Amount







































































Derivative
 Notional Amount























































































































Derivative
 Notional Amount










000.0










250.0



Derivative
 Average Fixed Interest Rate







































































Derivative
 Notional Amount























Derivative
 Average Fixed Interest Rate























Derivative
 Maturity Date








  2017


  2017





































































































































Derivative
 Notional Amount







































































Derivative
 Notional Amount























Derivative
 Maturity Date








  2017


  2017





























































Long-term debt
 fair value










629.0















































































Accumulated gain (loss) on foreign currency forward exchange contracts. Includes foreign currency transactions designated as hedges of net investment in a foreign entity and intercompany foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term nature
 when the entities to the transaction are consolidated
 combined
 or accounted for by the equity method in the reporting enterprise's financial statements. Includes the gain or loss on a derivative instrument or nonderivative financial instrument that may give rise to a foreign currency transaction gain or loss under FAS 52 and that have been designated and have qualified as hedging instruments for hedges of the foreign currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation.













































































































































































The aggregate fair value of assets that are already posted
 at the end of the reporting period
 as collateral for derivative instruments with credit-risk-related contingent features.




























Maximum amount of loss due to credit risk that
 based on the gross fair value of the financial instrument
 the entity would incur if parties to the financial instruments that make up the concentration failed completely to perform according to the terms of the contracts and the collateral or other security
 if any
 for the amount due proved to be of no value to the entity.

























































Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.















































































































































Date the derivative contract matures
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























The aggregate fair value amounts of derivative instruments that contain credit-risk-related contingent features that are in a net liability position at the end of the reporting period. For nonderivative instruments that are designated and qualify as hedging instruments
 the fair value amounts are the carrying value of the nonderivative hedging instrument
 including the adjustment for the foreign currency transaction gain (loss) on that instrument.





































































































































































































































Maximum period of time the entity is hedging its exposure to variability in future cash flows for forecasted transactions
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Excludes forecasted transactions related to payment of variable interest on existing financial instruments.

























































The net cash outflow or inflow for a financial contract that meets the hedge criteria as either cash flow hedge
 fair value hedge or hedge of net investment in foreign operations.
























































The cash inflow from a debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer.






































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Financial Instruments
 Risk Management Activities
 and Fair Values (Schedule of available for sale securities) (Details) - USD ($)
May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015




















































































































































































































This item represents the cost of debt and equity securities
 which are categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading
 net of adjustments including accretion
 amortization
 collection of cash
 previous other-than-temporary impairments recognized in earnings (less any cumulative-effect adjustments recognized
 as defined)
 and fair value hedge accounting adjustments
 if any.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Financial Instruments
 Risk Management Activities
 and Fair Values (Schedule of maturities of available for sale securities) (Details) - USD ($)
May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015












































































































































This item represents the cost of debt and equity securities
 which are categorized neither as held-to-maturity nor trading
 net of adjustments including accretion
 amortization
 collection of cash
 previous other-than-temporary impairments recognized in earnings (less any cumulative-effect adjustments recognized
 as defined)
 and fair value hedge accounting adjustments
 if any.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Financial Instruments
 Risk Management Activities
 and Fair Values (Schedule of unallocated corporate items) (Details) - USD ($)



May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014










































































































































Amount of unrealized gain (loss) recognized in earnings related to the fair value of the hedged item in a price risk fair value hedge
 offset by the gain (loss) on the hedging instrument to the extent that the fair value hedge is determined to be effective.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Financial Instruments
 Risk Management Activities
 and Fair Values (Schedule of interest rate hedge in AOCI) (Details)


















5.7% Notes Due February 15
 2017 [Member]














Derivative
 Maturity Date

  2017



Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage




5.65% Notes Due February 15
 2019 [Member]














Derivative
 Maturity Date

  2019



Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage




3.15% Notes Due December 15
 2021 [Member]














Derivative
 Maturity Date

  2021



Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage




Euro-denominated 1.0% Notes Due April 27
 2023 [Member]














Derivative
 Maturity Date

  2023



Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage




3.65% Notes Due February 15
 2024 [Member]














Derivative
 Maturity Date

  2024



Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage




Euro-denominated 1.5% Notes Due April 27
 2027 [Member]














Derivative
 Maturity Date

  2027



Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage




5.4% Notes Due June 15
 2040 [Member]














Derivative
 Maturity Date

  2040



Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage




4.15% Notes Due February 15
 2043 [Member]














Derivative
 Maturity Date

  2043



Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage








Amount of unrealized gain (loss)
 before taxes
 related to the increase (decrease) in fair value of interest rate derivatives designated as cash flow hedging instruments
 which was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income to the extent that the cash flow hedge was determined to be effective.




























Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.

























































Date the derivative contract matures
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.

































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Financial Instruments
 Risk Management Activities
 and Fair Values (Schedule of interest rate derivatives) (Details) - Interest Rate Contracts [Member] - USD ($)
May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015









Derivative
 Notional Amount

000.0


250.0

















Swap Contract Maturities
 Year Two






Swap Contract Maturities
 Year Four






Swap Contract Maturities
 Total

000.0




























































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Financial Instruments
 Risk Management Activities
 and Fair Values (Schedule of offsetting assets and liabilities) (Details) - USD ($)
May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015


































Financial Instruments
 Gross Amounts not Offset in the Balance Sheet







Cash Collateral Received
 Gross Amounts not Offset in the Balance Sheet















































Financial Instruments
 Gross Amounts not Offset in the Balance Sheet







Cash Collateral Pledged
 Gross Amounts not Offset in the Balance Sheet























































Financial Instruments
 Gross Amounts not Offset in the Balance Sheet







Cash Collateral Received
 Gross Amounts not Offset in the Balance Sheet















































Financial Instruments
 Gross Amounts not Offset in the Balance Sheet







Cash Collateral Pledged
 Gross Amounts not Offset in the Balance Sheet























































Financial Instruments
 Gross Amounts not Offset in the Balance Sheet







Cash Collateral Received
 Gross Amounts not Offset in the Balance Sheet















































Financial Instruments
 Gross Amounts not Offset in the Balance Sheet







Cash Collateral Pledged
 Gross Amounts not Offset in the Balance Sheet























































Financial Instruments
 Gross Amounts not Offset in the Balance Sheet







Cash Collateral Received
 Gross Amounts not Offset in the Balance Sheet















































Financial Instruments
 Gross Amounts not Offset in the Balance Sheet







Cash Collateral Pledged
 Gross Amounts not Offset in the Balance Sheet























































Financial Instruments
 Gross Amounts not Offset in the Balance Sheet







Cash Collateral Received
 Gross Amounts not Offset in the Balance Sheet















































Financial Instruments
 Gross Amounts not Offset in the Balance Sheet







Cash Collateral Pledged
 Gross Amounts not Offset in the Balance Sheet










































Fair value of liability associated with financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)















































































































































Fair value
 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes assets elected not to be offset. Excludes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)



























Fair value
 after offset of derivative liability
 of financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 before offset against an obligation to return collateral under a master netting arrangement. Includes assets elected not to be offset. Excludes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement.




























Fair value
 after effects of master netting arrangements
 of financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset offset against an obligation to return collateral. Includes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.




























Fair value
 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities elected not to be offset. Excludes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)



























Fair value
 after offset of derivative asset
 of financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset
 elected not to be and before offset against a right to receive collateral under a master netting arrangement. Includes liabilities elected not to be offset. Excludes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement.




























Fair value
 after effects of master netting arrangements
 of financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset offset against the right to receive collateral. Includes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement and not elected to be offset.




























Fair value of asset associated with financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)














































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Financial Instruments
 Risk Management Activities
 and Fair Values (Schedule of fair value measurement inputs) (Details) - USD ($)




May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014
May 26
 2013
















Derivative Asset
 Fair Value













Other Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure













Total Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure













Derivative Liability
 Fair Value













Other Liabilities
 Fair Value Disclosure













Total Liabilities
 Fair Value Disclosure
















743.6



783.3







































538.6



677.0



014.3


015.1































Other Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure













Other Liabilities
 Fair Value Disclosure





































































Other Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure













Other Liabilities
 Fair Value Disclosure



















































































Other Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure





































































Derivative Asset
 Fair Value













Derivative Liability
 Fair Value









































Derivative Asset
 Fair Value













Derivative Liability
 Fair Value









































Other Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure













Total Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure













Other Liabilities
 Fair Value Disclosure













Total Liabilities
 Fair Value Disclosure









































Other Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure













Other Liabilities
 Fair Value Disclosure









































Other Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure













Other Liabilities
 Fair Value Disclosure









































Derivative Asset
 Fair Value













Derivative Liability
 Fair Value









































Derivative Asset
 Fair Value













Derivative Liability
 Fair Value









































Other Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure













Total Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure













Other Liabilities
 Fair Value Disclosure













Total Liabilities
 Fair Value Disclosure









































Other Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure













Other Liabilities
 Fair Value Disclosure









































Other Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure













Other Liabilities
 Fair Value Disclosure









































Derivative Asset
 Fair Value













Derivative Liability
 Fair Value









































Derivative Asset
 Fair Value













Derivative Liability
 Fair Value









































Other Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure













Total Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure













Other Liabilities
 Fair Value Disclosure













Total Liabilities
 Fair Value Disclosure









































Other Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure













Other Liabilities
 Fair Value Disclosure









































Other Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure













Other Liabilities
 Fair Value Disclosure









































Derivative Asset
 Fair Value













Derivative Liability
 Fair Value









































Derivative Asset
 Fair Value













Derivative Liability
 Fair Value









































Other Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure



[4]
[5]


[6]
[7]






Other Liabilities
 Fair Value Disclosure



[4]
[5]


[6]
[7]


































Other Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure



[4]
[5]


[6]
[7]






Other Liabilities
 Fair Value Disclosure



[4]
[5]


[6]
[7]


































Other Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure



[4]
[5]


[6]
[7]






Other Liabilities
 Fair Value Disclosure



[4]
[5]


[6]
[7]


































Other Assets
 Fair Value Disclosure



[4]
[5]


[6]
[7]






Other Liabilities
 Fair Value Disclosure



[4]
[5]


[6]
[7]


































Derivative Asset
 Fair Value













Derivative Liability
 Fair Value









































Derivative Asset
 Fair Value



[5]
[8]


[7]
[9]






Derivative Liability
 Fair Value



[5]
[8]


[7]
[9]


































Derivative Asset
 Fair Value



[5]
[8]


[7]
[9]






Derivative Liability
 Fair Value



[5]
[8]


[7]
[9]


































Derivative Asset
 Fair Value



[5]
[8]


[7]
[9]






Derivative Liability
 Fair Value



[5]
[8]


[7]
[9]


































Derivative Asset
 Fair Value



[5]
[8]


[7]
[9]






Derivative Liability
 Fair Value



[5]
[8]


[7]
[9]


































Derivative Asset
 Fair Value













Derivative Liability
 Fair Value









































Derivative Asset
 Fair Value



[10]
[11]


[12]
[13]






Derivative Liability
 Fair Value



[10]
[11]


[12]
[13]


































Derivative Asset
 Fair Value



[10]
[11]


[12]
[13]






Derivative Liability
 Fair Value



[10]
[11]


[12]
[13]


































Derivative Asset
 Fair Value



[10]
[11]


[12]
[13]






Derivative Liability
 Fair Value



[10]
[11]


[12]
[13]


































Derivative Asset
 Fair Value



[10]
[11]


[12]
[13]






Derivative Liability
 Fair Value



[10]
[11]


[12]
[13]


































Derivative Asset
 Fair Value



[10]
[11]


[12]
[13]






Derivative Liability
 Fair Value



[10]
[11]


[12]
[13]


































Derivative Asset
 Fair Value



[10]
[11]


[12]
[13]






Derivative Liability
 Fair Value



[10]
[11]


[12]
[13]


































Derivative Asset
 Fair Value



[10]
[11]


[12]
[13]






Derivative Liability
 Fair Value



[10]
[11]


[12]
[13]


































Derivative Asset
 Fair Value



[10]
[11]


[12]
[13]






Derivative Liability
 Fair Value



[10]
[11]


[12]
[13]


































Derivative Asset
 Fair Value













Derivative Liability
 Fair Value









































Derivative Asset
 Fair Value













Derivative Liability
 Fair Value









































Derivative Asset
 Fair Value



[11]
[14]


[13]
[15]






Derivative Liability
 Fair Value



[11]
[14]


[13]
[15]


































Derivative Asset
 Fair Value



[11]
[14]


[13]
[15]






Derivative Liability
 Fair Value



[11]
[14]


[13]
[15]


































Derivative Asset
 Fair Value



[11]
[14]


[13]
[15]






Derivative Liability
 Fair Value



[11]
[14]


[13]
[15]


































Derivative Asset
 Fair Value



[11]
[14]


[13]
[15]






Derivative Liability
 Fair Value



[11]
[14]


[13]
[15]


































Derivative Asset
 Fair Value



[11]
[14]


[13]
[15]






Derivative Liability
 Fair Value



[11]
[14]


[13]
[15]


































Derivative Asset
 Fair Value



[11]
[14]


[13]
[15]






Derivative Liability
 Fair Value



[11]
[14]


[13]
[15]


































Derivative Asset
 Fair Value



[11]
[14]


[13]
[15]






Derivative Liability
 Fair Value



[11]
[14]


[13]
[15]


































Derivative Asset
 Fair Value



[11]
[14]


[13]
[15]






Derivative Liability
 Fair Value



[11]
[14]


[13]
[15]


























 other assets
 other current liabilities or other liabilities
 as appropriate









 other assets
 other current liabilities or other liabilities
 as appropriate

















 as appropriate









 as appropriate













































Fair value
 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes assets elected not to be offset. Excludes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)



























Fair value
 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities elected not to be offset. Excludes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
























































Amount of impairment loss resulting from write-down of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit to fair value.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))


















































































































The cash inflow from the sale of long-lived
 physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.



































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Financial Instruments
 Risk Management Activities
 and Fair Values (Schedule of gains and losses on hedges) (Details) - USD ($)



May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015



























[1]
[2]















































































































[1]
[2]















































































































[1]
[2]















































































































[1]
[2]















































































































[1]
[2]



































































































 including SG&A expenses for foreign exchange contracts and interest





 net for interest rate contracts
 in cost of sales for commodity contracts









 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
(d)
(e)























































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Financial Instruments
 Risk Management Activities
 and Fair Values (Schedule of cashflow hedge in AOCI) (Details) - USD ($)
May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015






























































Accumulated change
 net of tax
 in accumulated gains and losses from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges. Includes an entity's share of an equity investee's Increase or Decrease in deferred hedging gains or losses.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Financial Instruments
 Risk Management Activities
 and Fair Values (Concentrations narrative) (Details)


May 29
 2016































































































































































































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.



































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 &#8364; in Millions
 $ in Millions










































































































253.2


673.0



















000.4




145.8


444.8




























Interest Rate Cash Flow Hedge Gain (Loss) to be Reclassified During Next 12 Months
 Net
























Long-term Debt and Capital Lease Obligations
 Repayments of Principal in Next Twelve Months















103.4









Long-term Debt and Capital Lease Obligations
 Maturities
 Repayments of Principal in Year Two
























Long-term Debt and Capital Lease Obligations
 Maturities
 Repayments of Principal in Year Three















150.4









Long-term Debt and Capital Lease Obligations
 Maturities
 Repayments of Principal in Year Four















056.0









Long-term Debt and Capital Lease Obligations
 Maturities
 Repayments of Principal in Year Five
























Floating-Rate Euro-denominated Notes Due January 15
 2020 [Member]
























































































  2020


  2020









0.875% Notes Due January 29
 2016 [Member]



































































  2016


  2016





Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage

















































Floating-Rate Notes Due January 28
 2016 [Member]



































































  2016


  2016






























Euro-denominated 1.0% Notes Due April 27
 2023 [Member]
























































































  2023


  2023









Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage

















































Euro-denominated 1.5% Notes Due April 27
 2027 [Member]
























































































  2027


  2027









Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage

















































5.2% Notes Due March 17
 2015 [Member]

















































Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage

















































1.4% Notes Due October 20
 2017 [Member]
























































































  2017


  2017


  2017


  2017





Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
























2.2% Notes Due October 21
 2019 [Member]
























































































  2019


  2019


  2019


  2019





Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
























Euro-denominated 2.2% Senior Unsecured Notes Due June 24
 2021 [Member]































































  2021


  2021









Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
























Euro-denominated 2.2% Senior Unsecured Notes Due June 24
 2021 [Member] | Yoplait SAS [Member]
























































































  2021


  2021









Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage



































































































































































 2016
 we were in compliance with all of these covenants.


 2016
 we were in compliance with all of these covenants.













Amount of unrealized gain (loss)
 before taxes
 related to the increase (decrease) in fair value of interest rate derivatives designated as cash flow hedging instruments
 which was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income to the extent that the cash flow hedge was determined to be effective.




























States whether the entity was in compliance with the debt covenants throughout the reporting period
 and describes facts and circumstances of any compliance failure.




























Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.

























































Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.

























































Principal amount of long-term debt and capital lease obligation maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Principal amount of long-term debt and capital lease obligation maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Principal amount of long-term debt and capital lease obligation maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Principal amount of long-term debt and capital lease obligation maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Principal amount of long-term debt and capital lease obligation maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























The cash inflow from a debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer.




























The cash outflow for debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.













































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015



















































































Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
 -Subparagraph 2
 3



















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 &#8364; in Millions
 $ in Billions










































































 2016.



































  2021



































  2019




























  2019












































































































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
 -Paragraph 19
 20
 22




























 -Paragraph 19
 22



























Date the credit facility terminates
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))

























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))





































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
Jan. 31
 2016











Long-term debt
 including current portion

161.1


575.7





Other
 including debt issuance costs and capital leases










103.4)


000.4)







057.7


575.3





5.65% Notes Due February 15
 2019 [Member]

















Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage










  2019







Long-term debt
 including current portion

150.0


150.0





5.7% Notes Due February 15
 2017 [Member]

















Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage










  2017







Long-term debt
 including current portion

000.0


000.0





3.15% Notes Due December 15
 2021 [Member]

















Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage










  2021







Long-term debt
 including current portion

000.0


000.0





Euro-denominated 2.1% Notes Due November 16
 2020 [Member]

















Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage










  2020







Long-term debt
 including current portion








Euro-denominated 1.0% Notes Due April 27
 2023 [Member]

















Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage










  2023







Long-term debt
 including current portion








Floating-Rate Euro-denominated Notes Due January 15
 2020 [Member]



















  2020







Long-term debt
 including current portion








1.4% Notes Due October 20
 2017 [Member]

















Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage










  2017


  2017





Long-term debt
 including current portion








5.4% Notes Due June 15
 2040 [Member]

















Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage










  2040







Long-term debt
 including current portion








4.15% Notes Due February 15
 2043 [Member]

















Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage










  2043







Long-term debt
 including current portion








3.65% Notes Due February 15
 2024 [Member]

















Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage










  2024







Long-term debt
 including current portion








2.2% Notes Due October 21
 2019 [Member]

















Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage










  2019


  2019





Long-term debt
 including current portion








Floating Rate Notes Due January 29
 2016 [Member]





















  2016





Long-term debt
 including current portion








Euro-denominated 1.5% Notes Due April 27
 2027 [Member]

















Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage










  2027







Long-term debt
 including current portion








0.875% Notes Due January 29
 2016 [Member]

















Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage












  2016





Long-term debt
 including current portion








Floating-Rate Notes Due January 28
 2016 [Member]





















  2016





Long-term debt
 including current portion








Euro-denominated 2.2% Senior Unsecured Notes Due June 24
 2021 [Member]

















Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage










  2021







Long-term debt
 including current portion


























Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage Rate Range
 Minimum








Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate Stated Percentage Rate Range
 Maximum








Long-term debt
 including current portion












Contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Maximum contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.




























Minimum contractual interest rate for funds borrowed
 under the debt agreement.

























































Date when the debt instrument is scheduled to be fully repaid
 in CCYY-MM-DD format.




























For an unclassified balance sheet
 the carrying amount (net of accumulated amortization) as of the balance sheet date of capitalized costs associated with the issuance of debt instruments (for example
 legal
 accounting
 underwriting
 printing
 and registration costs) that will be charged against earnings over the life of the debt instruments to which such costs pertain.




























Amount of long-term debt and capital lease obligation due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of long-term debt and capital leases due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




































































































































 2016
 we were in compliance with all of these covenants.












































































Noncontrolling interest holders capital account
 General Mills Cereals
 LLC












Preferred distributions
 variable rate












Preferred distributions
 basis spread on variable rate























































































































































































 up to three times before December 2024.





































































































































































































Payment of dividends or other distributions by the non-wholly owned subsidiary or partially owned entity
 included in the consolidation of the parent entity
 to the noncontrolling and redeemable interest holders.






















































































Number of equity interests owned by noncontrolling shareholders
 partners
 or other equity holders in one or more of the entities consolidated into the reporting entity's financial statements other than joint ventures
 limited partnerships
 operating partnerships or interests held by preferred unit holders.

























































The reference rate for the variable rate of the preferred distributions
 such as LIBOR or the US Treasury rate and the maturity of the reference rate used
 such as three months or six months LIBOR.






















































































The percent ownership as of the reporting date of noncontrolling interests which the parent entity is required to redeem (1) at a fixed or determinable price on a fixed or determinable date
 (2) at the option of the holder of the noncontrolling interest
 or (3) upon occurrence of an event that is not solely within the control of the (parent) entity.




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).

























































The equity interest of noncontrolling shareholders
 partners or other equity holders in consolidated entity.




























The parent entity's interest in net assets of the subsidiary
 expressed as a percentage.
























































Carrying amount of equity interests owned by noncontrolling shareholders
 partners
 or other equity holders in one or more of the entities consolidated into the reporting entity's financial statements other than joint ventures
 limited partnerships
 operating partnerships or interests held by preferred unit holders.




























The fair value as of the reporting date of noncontrolling interests which are redeemable by the (parent) entity (1) at a fixed or determinable price on a fixed or determinable date
 (2) at the option of the holder of the noncontrolling interest
 or (3) upon occurrence of an event that is not solely within the control of the (parent) entity. The noncontrolling interest holder's ownership (or holders' ownership) is represented by an equity interest that does not conform to either common or preferred equity (noncontrolling) interests otherwise provided for in the taxonomy
 regardless of investee entity legal form.















































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Millions
 $ in Millions



May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014


Preferred Stock
 Shares Authorized






























161.9


774.4


































































 -Paragraph 29
 30





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










May 29
 2016
Feb. 28
 2016
Nov. 29
 2015
Aug. 30
 2015
May 31
 2015
Feb. 22
 2015
Nov. 23
 2014
Aug. 24
 2014
May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax:



























































































































































































































































Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax




















201.4)





















































697.4



221.3



824.4


















































395.9






069.4
































Other comprehensive income (loss)
 before tax:



























































































































































































































































Other comprehensive income (loss)
 before tax




















103.2)







Other comprehensive income (loss)
 tax:



























































































































































































































































Other comprehensive income (loss)
 tax



























Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax:



























































































































































































































































Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax









































































697.4



221.3



824.4






















395.9






069.4
































Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax:



























































































































































































































































Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax











































































































































Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax:



























































































































































































































































Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax

















































































































































The change in redeemable interests of a business enterprise during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources which are attributable to redeemable interests
 if any.
















































































































This element represents Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax
 for the period
 including portion attributable to redeemable interest. Includes deferred gains (losses) on qualifying hedges
 unrealized holding gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities
 minimum pension liability
 and cumulative translation adjustment.












































































































































Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
























































Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income (loss) and other comprehensive income (loss)
 attributable to noncontrolling interests. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Amount after tax of (increase) decrease in the value of the projected benefit obligation related to a change in an actuarial assumption and increase (decrease) in the value of the plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.




























Amount of tax expense (benefit) related to (increase) decrease in the value of the projected benefit obligation related to a change in an actuarial assumption and increase (decrease) in the value of the plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.




























Amount after tax
 before reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.




























Amount of tax expense (benefit)
 before reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.



















































































































Amount before tax
 after reclassification adjustments
 of appreciation (loss) in value of unsold available-for-sale securities. Excludes amounts related to other than temporary impairment (OTTI) loss.




























Amount before tax
 after reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).
























































Amount before tax
 after reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
 -Subparagraph (b
d)



























Amount before tax of (increase) decrease in the value of the projected benefit obligation related to a change in an actuarial assumption and increase (decrease) in the value of the plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed
 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.






































































































































































































































Amount of tax expense (benefit)
 before reclassification adjustments
 related to increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).




























Amount after tax
 before reclassification adjustments
 of unrealized holding gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities.





























 -Subparagraph (e
f)

























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Stockholders' Equity (Schedule of accumulated other comprehensive loss balances
 net of taxes) (Details) - USD ($)
May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015


Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net of Tax:


































Pension
 other postretirement
 and postemployment benefits:








958.2)


756.1)












612.2)


310.7)



































Accumulated appreciation or loss
 net of tax
 in value of the total of available-for-sale securities at the end of an accounting period.




























Accumulated change
 net of tax
 in accumulated gains and losses from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges. Includes an entity's share of an equity investee's Increase or Decrease in deferred hedging gains or losses.




























Accumulated adjustment
 net of tax
 that results from the process of translating subsidiary financial statements and foreign equity investments into the reporting currency from the functional currency of the reporting entity
 net of reclassification of realized foreign currency translation gains or losses.




























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
























































After tax net amount of gain (loss) that are not yet recognized as a component of net periodic benefit cost
 and that are recognized as increases (decreases) in other comprehensive income as they arise.




























Amount after tax of cost (credit) due to benefit changes attributable to plan participants' prior service pursuant to a plan amendment or a plan initiation
 which has not yet been recognized as a component of net periodic benefit cost.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Millions
 $ in Millions



May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014






















 which requires us to make predictive assumptions regarding future stock price volatility
 employee exercise behavior
 dividend yield
 and the forfeiture rate. We estimate our future stock price volatility using the historical volatility over the expected term of the option
 excluding time periods of volatility we believe a marketplace participant would exclude in estimating our stock price volatility. We also have considered
 but did not use
 implied volatility in our estimate
 because trading activity in options on our stock
 especially those with tenors of greater than 6 months
 is insufficient to provide a reliable measure of expected volatility.







Share-based Compensation
 Allocation and Classification in Financial Statements [Abstract]

















Unrecognized compensation expense on non-vested awards
 weighted average period of recognition










































































































































Represents the expense recognized during the period arising from equity-based compensation arrangements (for example
 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as emmployees
 including any applicable restructuring items and non-cash items.




























Period over which the company must achieve target performance goals in order for an employee to receive an equity-based payment award
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






















































































Weighted average period over which unrecognized compensation is expected to be recognized for equity-based compensation plans
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
























































Period which an employee's right to exercise an award is no longer contingent on satisfaction of either a service condition
 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Fair value of share-based awards for which the grantee gained the right by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash.




























For each plan
 identification of the award pricing model or other valuation method used in calculating the weighted average fair values disclosed. The model is also used to calculate the compensation expense that is shown within the balance sheet
 income statement
 and cash flow. Examples of valuation techniques are lattice models (binomial model)
 closed-form models (Black-Scholes-Merton formula)
 and a Monte Carlo simulation technique. Fair value is the amount at which an asset or liability could be bought or incurred or sold or settled in a current transaction between willing parties
 that is
 other than in a forced or liquidation sale. May include disclosures about the assumptions underlying application of the method selected.

























































The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.




























Period from grant date that an equity-based award expires
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014


























































































































































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.






















































































Expected term of share-based compensation awards
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014













077
200


169
000


672
100





930
200


253
100


789
800





471
000)


297
200)


181
300)





800)


700)


600)





401
600


077
200


169
000





991
500


452
800


290
300





385
100


991
500


452
800









































































































































For presentations that combine terminations
 the number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan or that expired.






















































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.













































































































































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014




































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014













351
500


708
200


144
100









































235
600









287
700









119
900)







Forfeited
 expired
 or reclassified

000)









100
400


235
600









































Forfeited
 expired
 or reclassified





































000









800









500)







Forfeited
 expired
 or reclassified

900)









400


000









































Forfeited
 expired
 or reclassified





















The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.

























































The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.

























































The weighted average fair value of nonvested awards on equity-based plans excluding option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.

























































The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




























The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 shares in Millions
 $ in Millions




May 29
 2016
Feb. 28
 2016
Nov. 29
 2015
Aug. 30
 2015
May 31
 2015
Feb. 22
 2015
Nov. 23
 2014
Aug. 24
 2014
May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014















































697.4


221.3


824.4





























Earnings Per Share
 Basic and Diluted [Abstract]

































































































































Anti-dilutive stock options
 restricted stock units
 and performance share units







































































































Restricted stock units
 performance shares units
 and other [Member]
















































































 restricted stock units 















































































































































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Millions
 $ in Millions



May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014


Defined Benefit Plan
 Information About Plan Assets



















950.7


750.4








































































































Defined Benefit Plan
 Information About Plan Assets








Target Allocation
 Percentage of Assets Equity Securities

















Defined Benefit Plan
 Information About Plan Assets








Target Allocation
 Percentage of Assets Equity Securities

















Defined Benefit Plan
 Information About Plan Assets








Target Allocation
 Percentage of Assets Equity Securities

















Defined Benefit Plan
 Information About Plan Assets








Target Allocation
 Percentage of Assets Equity Securities

















Defined Benefit Plan
 Information About Plan Assets








Target Allocation
 Percentage of Assets Equity Securities



































Defined Benefit Plan
 Information About Plan Assets





















































Defined Benefit Plan
 Information About Plan Assets








Target Allocation
 Percentage of Assets Equity Securities

















Defined Benefit Plan
 Information About Plan Assets








Target Allocation
 Percentage of Assets Equity Securities

















Defined Benefit Plan
 Information About Plan Assets








Target Allocation
 Percentage of Assets Equity Securities

















Defined Benefit Plan
 Information About Plan Assets








Target Allocation
 Percentage of Assets Equity Securities

















Defined Benefit Plan
 Information About Plan Assets








Target Allocation
 Percentage of Assets Equity Securities






































































Value of common stock issued to a trust (for example
 but not limited to
 rabbi trust) set up specifically to accumulate stock for the sole purpose of distribution to participating employees.




























For defined benefit pension plans
 the actuarial present value of benefits (whether vested or nonvested) attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered before a specified date and based on employee service and compensation (if applicable) before that date. The accumulated benefit obligation differs from the projected benefit obligation in that it includes no assumption about future compensation levels. For plans with flat-benefit or nonpay-related pension benefit formulas
 the accumulated benefit obligation and the projected benefit obligation are the same.


















































































































Changes in the defined benefit obligation
 not otherwise separately disclosed in the financial statements.



















































































































The shares or units in an ESOP trust that have been assigned to individual participant accounts based on a known formula. IRS rules require allocations to be nondiscriminatory generally based on compensation
 length of service
 or a combination of both. For any particular participant such shares or units may be vested
 unvested
 or partially vested.




























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015

































































































The assumed health care cost trend rate for the next year used to measure the expected cost of benefits covered by the plan (gross eligible charges). This is based upon the annual rate of change in the cost of health care benefits currently provided by the postretirement benefit plan
 due to factors other than changes in the composition of the plan population by age and dependency status.

























































Year the ultimate health care cost trend rate is expected to be reached
 in CCYY format.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014











Defined Benefit Plan
 Change in Fair Value of Plan Assets Roll Forward [Abstract]










758.5


611.8




















































539.9


758.5


611.8



Defined Benefit Plan
 Change in Projected Benefit Obligation Roll Forward [Abstract]










252.1


618.0
























































































448.5


252.1


618.0





















Defined Benefit Plan
 Change in Fair Value of Plan Assets Roll Forward [Abstract]







































































Defined Benefit Plan
 Change in Projected Benefit Obligation Roll Forward [Abstract]










079.6


074.8
























































































028.9


079.6


074.8





















Defined Benefit Plan
 Change in Fair Value of Plan Assets Roll Forward [Abstract]

















Defined Benefit Plan
 Change in Projected Benefit Obligation Roll Forward [Abstract]
























































































































The amount of payments made with asset investments for which participants are entitled under a pension plan
 including pension benefits
 death benefits
 and benefits due on termination of employment. Also includes payments made under a postretirement benefit plan
 including prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
 educational and advisory services.




























The difference between fair value of plan assets at the end of the period and the fair value at the beginning of the period
 adjusted for contributions and payments of benefits during the period
 and after adjusting for taxes and other expenses
 as applicable.




























Amount of gain (loss) related to change in benefit obligation resulting from changes in actuarial assumptions
 for example
 but not limited to
 interest
 mortality
 employee turnover
 salary
 and temporary deviation from the substantive plan.




























1) For defined benefit pension plans
 the benefit obligation is the projected benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value as of a date of all benefits attributed by the pension benefit formula to employee service rendered prior to that date.  2) For other postretirement defined benefit plans
 the benefit obligation is the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation
 which is the actuarial present value of benefits attributed to employee service rendered to a particular date.




























The amount of payments made for which participants are entitled under a pension plan
 including pension benefits
 death benefits
 and benefits due on termination of employment. Also includes payments made under a postretirement benefit plan
 including prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal
 educational and advisory services. This item represents a periodic decrease to the plan obligations and a decrease to plan assets.













































































































































































Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
 those non-benefit obligations may be considered as reductions of plan assets.






















































































The funded status is measured as the difference between the fair value of plan assets and the benefit obligation. Will normally be the same as the net Defined Benefit Plan
 Amounts Recognized in Balance Sheet
 Total.




























Amount of the period's gross receipts received from the prescription drug subsidy
 which is to be used in the roll forward of the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation of an applicable postretirement benefit plan.

























































The amount of increase or decrease due to a change in the terms of an existing plan or the initiation of a new plan. A plan amendment may increase or decrease benefits
 including those attributed to years of service already rendered.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015











958.2)


756.1)












946.3)


749.0)



















886.0)


674.9)












892.8)


688.7)













































































The total of net gain (loss)
 prior service cost (credit)
 and transition assets (obligations)
 as well as minimum pension liability if still remaining
 included in accumulated other comprehensive income associated with a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan(s) because they have yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.




























After tax net amount of gain (loss) that are not yet recognized as a component of net periodic benefit cost
 and that are recognized as increases (decreases) in other comprehensive income as they arise.




























Amount after tax of cost (credit) due to benefit changes attributable to plan participants' prior service pursuant to a plan amendment or a plan initiation
 which has not yet been recognized as a component of net periodic benefit cost.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015


















490.3







998.3







498.5




























024.7


074.8













































































If aggregate disclosures are presented
 the aggregate pension accumulated benefit obligation for pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets as of the measurement date of each statement of financial position presented.




























If aggregate disclosures are presented
 the aggregate fair value of plan assets for pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets as of the measurement date of each statement of financial position presented.




























If aggregate disclosures are presented
 the aggregate projected benefit obligation for pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets as of the measurement date of each statement of financial position presented.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014








































































































































































































































































































































































































The total amount of net periodic benefit cost for defined benefit plans for the period. Periodic benefit costs include the following components: service cost
 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) due to settlements or curtailments.





















































































Amount of net gain (loss) recognized in net periodic benefit cost due to settlements and curtailments. Curtailments result from an event that significantly reduces the expected years of future service of present employees or eliminates for a significant number of employees the accrual of defined benefits for some or all of their future services. Settlements result from an irrevocable action that relieves the employer (or the plan) of primary responsibility for a benefit obligation and eliminates significant risks related to the obligation and the assets used to effect the settlement. Examples of transactions that constitute a settlement include
 but are not limited to
 lump-sum cash payments to plan participants in exchange for their rights to receive specified benefits and purchasing nonparticipating annuity contracts to cover vested benefits.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015














































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014






























































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014





























539.9



758.5



611.8






























945.4



187.6

































649.6



644.8













































































































































836.2



431.6

































543.7



634.4

















































































































































































850.3



285.5




































010.3




































158.5
















































































































































041.4



171.4



























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 mutual funds
 and equity futures valued at closing prices from national exchanges; and commingled funds
 privately held securities
 and private equity partnerships valued at unit values or net asset value s provided by the investment managers
 which are based on the fair value of the underlying investments. Various methods are used to determine fair values and may include the cost of the investment
 most recent financing
 and expected cash flows. For some o f these investments





 managing fixed income exposure to policy allocations
 and managing duration targets. Investments include: fixed income securities and bond futures generally valued at closing prices from national exchanges
 fixed income pricing models
 and independent financial analysts;  and fixed inco me commingled funds valued at unit values provided by the investment managers





 private securities
 and limited partnerships valued at unit values or net asset values provided by the investment managers





 fixed income
 and real estate securities for purposes of meeting Canadian pension plan asset allocation policies
 and insur ance and annuity contracts to provide a stable stream of income for retirees and to fund postretirement medical benefits. Fair values are derived from unit values provided by the investment managers





































Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
 those non-benefit obligations may be considered as reductions of plan assets.























































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015























758.5



611.8






539.9



758.5
























187.6









945.4



187.6
































































































041.4



171.4












Net Purchases
 Sales Issuances
 and Settlements























041.4
















































Net Purchases
 Sales Issuances
 and Settlements






























































Net Purchases
 Sales Issuances
 and Settlements






























































Net Purchases
 Sales Issuances
 and Settlements














































































































































































































Net Purchases
 Sales Issuances
 and Settlements







































































Net Purchases
 Sales Issuances
 and Settlements






























































Net Purchases
 Sales Issuances
 and Settlements


































































 mutual funds
 and equity futures valued at closing prices from national exchanges; and commingled funds
 privately held securities
 and private equity partnerships valued at unit values or net asset value s provided by the investment managers
 which are based on the fair value of the underlying investments. Various methods are used to determine fair values and may include the cost of the investment
 most recent financing
 and expected cash flows. For some o f these investments





 private securities
 and limited partnerships valued at unit values or net asset values provided by the investment managers





 fixed income
 and real estate securities for purposes of meeting Canadian pension plan asset allocation policies
 and insur ance and annuity contracts to provide a stable stream of income for retirees and to fund postretirement medical benefits. Fair values are derived from unit values provided by the investment managers








Actual return on plan assets attributable to unrealized gains and losses
 separately identifying the amount related to assets still held at the reporting date for level 3 assets.




























Actual return on plan assets
 separately identifying the amount related to assets still held at the reporting date.

























































Assets
 usually stocks
 bonds
 and other investments
 that have been segregated and restricted (usually in a trust) to provide benefits
 at their fair value as of the measurement date. Plan assets include amounts contributed by the employer (and by employees for a contributory plan) and amounts earned from investing the contributions
 less benefits paid. If a plan has liabilities other than for benefits
 those non-benefit obligations may be considered as reductions of plan assets.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in plan assets from purchases
 sales and settlement of plan obligations.




























Transfers in and out of Level 3. For example
 transfers due to changes in the observability of significant inputs.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
















Defined Benefit Plan
 Weighted-Average Asset Allocations




















Defined Benefit Plan
 Weighted-Average Asset Allocations




















Defined Benefit Plan
 Weighted-Average Asset Allocations




















Defined Benefit Plan
 Weighted-Average Asset Allocations




















Defined Benefit Plan
 Weighted-Average Asset Allocations




















Defined Benefit Plan
 Weighted-Average Asset Allocations




















Defined Benefit Plan
 Weighted-Average Asset Allocations




















Defined Benefit Plan
 Weighted-Average Asset Allocations




















Defined Benefit Plan
 Weighted-Average Asset Allocations




















Defined Benefit Plan
 Weighted-Average Asset Allocations




















Defined Benefit Plan
 Weighted-Average Asset Allocations




















Defined Benefit Plan
 Weighted-Average Asset Allocations







































Percentage of fair value of investments (categorized by debt securities
 equity securities
 real estate and other plan assets) to the fair value of plan assets held.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


















Medicare Subsidy Receipts
 Next Twelve Months




Medicare Subsidy Receipts
 Year Two




Medicare Subsidy Receipts
 Year Three




Medicare Subsidy Receipts
 Year Four




Medicare Subsidy Receipts
 Year Five




Medicare Subsidy Receipts
 Five Fiscal Years Thereafter














Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Next Twelve Months




Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Two




Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Three




Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Four




Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Five




Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Five Fiscal Years Thereafter

731.5













Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Next Twelve Months




Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Two




Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Three




Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Four




Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Five




Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Five Fiscal Years Thereafter














Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Next Twelve Months




Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Two




Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Three




Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Four




Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Year Five




Defined Benefit Plan
 Expected Future Benefit Payments
 Five Fiscal Years Thereafter




































Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the five fiscal years after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of benefits from a defined benefit plan expected to be paid in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of the prescription drug subsidy receipts to be received after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of the prescription drug subsidy receipts to be received in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of the prescription drug subsidy receipts to be received in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of the prescription drug subsidy receipts to be received in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of the prescription drug subsidy receipts to be received in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of the prescription drug subsidy receipts to be received in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










May 31
 2015
May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015



















































000.0





































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.













































































































































































The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.

































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014













941.4


338.6


181.4














403.6


761.9


655.0







































































































































































































































































































































































































































The portion of earnings or loss from continuing operations before income taxes that is attributable to foreign operations
 which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile.




























Sum of operating profit and nonoperating income or expense before Income or Loss from equity method investments
 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.

























































 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










May 29
 2016
May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014


























State and local income taxes
 net of federal tax benefits



























































Other
 net















































Effective income tax rate reconciliation
 tax benefit related to divestiture
























































































































































































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015












































Stock
 partnership
 and miscellaneous investments





























458.0


363.6












231.0


148.2





311.7


346.3































Stock
 partnership
 and miscellaneous investments






















630.6


598.4





399.6


450.2







The tax effect as of the balance sheet date of the amount of the estimated future tax deductions arising from unrealized losses on capital investments which can only be deducted for tax purposes when the losses are realized
 and which can only be realized if sufficient tax-basis income of the appropriate character is generated in future periods to enable the deduction to be taken.










































































































































































































 -Subparagraph (b)
(c)





















































































Amount
 before allocation of a valuation allowances
 of deferred tax assets attributable to deductible tax credit carryforwards including
 but not limited to
 research
 foreign
 general business
 alternative minimum tax
 and other deductible tax credit carryforwards.
















































































































































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences
 before jurisdictional netting.













































































































































































Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from long-lived assets other than property
 plant
 and equipment.




























Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Income Taxes (Schedule of changes in total gross unrecognized tax benefit liabilities
 excluding accrued interest) (Details) - USD ($)



May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015









Balance
 beginning of year









































Balance
 end of year

































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Leases
 Other Commitments
 and Contingencies (Narrative) (Details) - USD ($)



May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014


LEASES
 OTHER COMMITMENTS
 AND CONTINGENCIES [Abstract]








Operating leases
 rent expense
 net




































































































































































































































Rental expense for the reporting period incurred under operating leases
 including minimum and any contingent rent expense
 net of related sublease income.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Leases
 Other Commitments
 and Contingencies (Schedule of noncancelable future lease commitments) (Details)






























































































































































Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of minimum lease payments for capital leases due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.

























































Present value of minimum lease payments for capital leases net of executory costs
 including amounts paid by the lessee to the lessor for insurance
 maintenance and taxes.





















































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






































































































Number of operating segments. An operating segment is a component of an enterprise: (a) that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the same enterprise)
 (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance
 and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues
 for example
 start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










May 29
 2016
Feb. 28
 2016
Nov. 29
 2015
Aug. 30
 2015
May 31
 2015
Feb. 22
 2015
Nov. 23
 2014
Aug. 24
 2014
May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014





























927.9


002.4


424.9


207.9


298.8


350.9


712.2


268.4


563.1


630.3


909.6





















707.4


077.3


957.4




























Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs




























































































563.1


630.3


909.6





















999.5


035.0


153.9

























































































































































Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs




























































































007.1


507.0


604.9





















179.0


159.3


311.5







































































632.2


128.2


385.9
































































































923.8


995.1


918.8
































Gain (loss) from sale or disposal of an organization or integrated set of activities (for example
 but not limited to
 a partnership or corporation) engaged in providing a product or service in a commercial
 industrial
 or professional environment.

























































The aggregate amount provided for estimated restructuring charges
 remediation costs
 and asset impairment loss during an accounting period. Generally
 these items are either unusual or infrequent
 but not both (in which case they would be extraordinary items).




























Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.








































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










May 29
 2016
Feb. 28
 2016
Nov. 29
 2015
Aug. 30
 2015
May 31
 2015
Feb. 22
 2015
Nov. 23
 2014
Aug. 24
 2014
May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014





























927.9


002.4


424.9


207.9


298.8


350.9


712.2


268.4


563.1


630.3


909.6







































































297.2


392.0


232.5







































































779.0


810.3


844.2







































































760.9


938.3


964.7







































































731.5


771.3


860.1







































































820.0


877.0


890.2







































































704.3


867.7


996.4






















































































































































014.7















































































































Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.




























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










May 29
 2016
Feb. 28
 2016
Nov. 29
 2015
Aug. 30
 2015
May 31
 2015
Feb. 22
 2015
Nov. 23
 2014
Aug. 24
 2014
May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014





























927.9


002.4


424.9


207.9


298.8


350.9


712.2


268.4


563.1


630.3


909.6




























Land
 buildings
 and equipment

743.6








783.3








743.6


783.3









































































930.9


501.8


523.0




























Land
 buildings
 and equipment

755.1








727.5








755.1


727.5









































































632.2


128.5


386.6




























Land
 buildings
 and equipment









055.8










055.8









Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014
May 26
 2013

















390.4


412.0






















360.8


386.7


































163.1


268.6


































413.7


540.9























































Derivative receivables
 primarily commodity-related















































Land
 Buildings and Equipment [Abstract]


























236.0


272.7










945.6


091.1































Total land
 buildings
 and equipment


503.5


591.1










759.9)


807.8)










743.6


783.3























































































































































Accrued interest
 including interest rate swaps






























































595.0


589.9



















Accrued compensation and benefits
 including obligations for underfunded other postretirement benefit and postemployment benefit plans


755.0


451.4


































087.6


744.8



















Land
 Buildings and Equipment [Abstract]



































Land
 Buildings and Equipment [Abstract]


























 2016 
 and $867.5 million as of May 31
 2015 
 were valued at LIFO. During fiscal 2015







This represents the noncurrent liability for all deferred compensation arrangements payable beyond one year (or the operating cycle
 if longer) and for underfunded plans recognized in the balance sheet that is associated with the defined benefit pension plans
 postemployment
 and other postretirement defined benefit plans.




























Fair value of a current grain derivative asset that is not designated or qualifying as a hedging instrument
 presented on a gross basis even when the derivative instrument is subject to master netting arrangements and qualifies for net presentation in the statement of financial position.




























Fair value of a current grain derivative liability that is not designated or qualifying as a hedging instrument
 presented on a gross basis even when the derivative instrument is subject to master netting arrangements and qualifies for net presentation in the statement of financial position.




























Amounts due from customers or clients
 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business.
 -Subparagraph a
 b



























Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of the unpaid sum of the known and estimated amounts payable to satisfy all domestic and foreign income tax obligations due beyond one year or the operating cycle
 whichever is longer. Alternate captions include income taxes payable
 noncurrent.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for the marketing
 trade and selling of the entity's goods and services.   Marketing costs would include expenditures for planning and executing the conception
 pricing
 promotion
 and distribution of ideas
 goods
 and services; costs of public relations and corporate promotions; and obligations incurred and payable for sales discounts
 rebates
 price protection programs
 etc. offered to customers and under government programs. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























A valuation allowance for trade and other receivables due to an Entity within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer) that are expected to be uncollectible.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of building structures held for productive use including addition
 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 including
 but not limited to
 interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical
 and plumbing.

























































Amount before accumulated amortization of capitalized costs for computer software
 including but not limited to
 acquired and internally developed computer software.



















































































































Carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of the asset arising from derivative instruments and hedging activities
 which are expected to be converted into cash or otherwise disposed of within a year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Sum as of the balance sheet date of the (a) fair values of all liabilities resulting from contracts that meet the criteria of being accounted for as derivative instruments
 and (b) the carrying amounts of the liabilities arising from financial instruments or contracts used to mitigate a specified risk (hedge)
 and which are expected to be extinguished or otherwise disposed of within a year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer
 net of the effects of master netting arrangements.

























































Total of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred through that date and payable for obligations related to services received from employees
 such as accrued salaries and bonuses
 payroll taxes and fringe benefits. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Sum of the carrying values as of the balance sheet date of (a) interest payable on all forms of debt
 including trade payables
 that has been incurred
 and (b) dividends declared but unpaid on equity securities issued by the entity and outstanding (also includes dividends collected on behalf of another owner of securities that are being held by the entity). Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of difference between inventory at lower of LIFO cost or market and inventory at lower of other inventory accounting method cost or market
 for example
 but not limited to
 FIFO or average cost.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(4)
(5))



























Total investments in (A) an entity in which the entity has significant influence
 but does not have control
 (B) subsidiaries that are not required to be consolidated and are accounted for using the equity and or cost method
 and (C) an entity in which the reporting entity shares control of the entity with another party or group. Includes long-term advances receivable from a party that is affiliated with the reporting entity by means of direct or indirect ownership.

























































Amount before accumulated depletion of real estate held for productive use
 excluding land held for sale.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation of tangible personal property used to produce goods and services
 including
 but is not limited to
 tools
 dies and molds
 computer and office equipment.




























The sum of amounts currently receivable other than from customers. For classified balance sheets
 represents the current amount receivable
 that is amounts expected to be collected within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amounts due from parties associated with the reporting entity as evidenced by a written promise to pay
 due after 1 year (or 1 business cycle).




























Aggregate carrying amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of current assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Current assets are expected to be realized or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).




























Amount of other miscellaneous assets expected to be realized or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of other miscellaneous assets expected to be realized or consumed after one year or normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Aggregate carrying amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent assets not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent assets are expected to be realized or consumed after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).





















































































Aggregate carrying amount of current liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer) not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Includes costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered and of liabilities not separately disclosed.
























































Aggregate carrying amount
 as of the balance sheet date
 of noncurrent obligations not separately disclosed in the balance sheet. Noncurrent liabilities are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer).
























































Obligations not otherwise itemized or categorized in the footnotes to the financial statements that are due within one year or operating cycle
 if longer
 from the balance sheet date.




























Obligations not otherwise itemized or categorized in the footnotes to the financial statements that are expected to be paid after one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer)
 from the balance sheet date.
























































Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.




















































































The total amount due to the entity within one year of the balance sheet date (or one operating cycle
 if longer) from outside sources
 including trade accounts receivable
 notes and loans receivable
 as well as any other types of receivables
 net of allowances established for the purpose of reducing such receivables to an amount that approximates their net realizable value.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.3
4)




























 -Subsection 3
 4



























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable for statutory income
 sales
 use
 payroll
 excise
 real
 property and other taxes. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)






























































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014










































The aggregate net amount of depreciation
 amortization
 and accretion recognized during an accounting period. As a noncash item
 the net amount is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
























































The total expense recognized in the period for promotion
 public relations
 and brand or product advertising.




























The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Supplemental Information (Schedule of the components of interest
 net) (Details) - USD ($)



May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014






































Interest
 net



































































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.9-04.7
8)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014





























































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014








































































































































































































































































































































































































Gain (loss) from sale or disposal of an organization or integrated set of activities (for example
 but not limited to
 a partnership or corporation) engaged in providing a product or service in a commercial
 industrial
 or professional environment.




























Amount of impairment loss resulting from write-down of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit to fair value.











































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Millions




May 29
 2016
Feb. 28
 2016
Nov. 29
 2015
Aug. 30
 2015
May 31
 2015
Feb. 22
 2015
Nov. 23
 2014
Aug. 24
 2014
May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014





























927.9


002.4


424.9


207.9


298.8


350.9


712.2


268.4


563.1


630.3


909.6





376.8


357.5


540.6


554.6


515.5


375.9


619.1


438.7



























697.4


221.3


824.4














































































Market Price of Common Stock
 High
























Market Price of Common Stock
 Low














































































































































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)



























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
























































Aggregate revenue during the period from the sale of goods in the normal course of business
 after deducting returns
 allowances and discounts.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









May 29
 2016
May 31
 2015
May 25
 2014





























Additions charged to expense
 including translation amounts






























































Additions charged to expense
 including translation amounts






























































Additions charged to expense
 including translation amounts











































































Total of the adjustments in a given period to allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability.




























Total of allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs.




























Total of allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 charged to costs and expenses.




























Total of the deductions in a given period to allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs
 representing receivables written off as uncollectible and portions of the reserves utilized
 respectively.




























Total increases or decreases in allowances and reserves
 the valuation and qualifying accounts that are either netted against the cost of an asset (in order to value it at its carrying value) or that reflect a liability established to represent expected future costs.













































































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx



E!55)45526)445R4%5DF1


MS'CD
2+]^X[8@

?@RIROW:=*JQ DBV

13@


GW=K=KS:?7UT([3/U9TOVZP
MZ.8'N?E!#AGDYP=Y9%8'Q2007%^4$0&I?E!1F4YP=E9%9'U20075^4$4&
M62-D-
GM';[T]H[<7

M#D+OP.@=A-Z!T3L(O0.C=Q!Z!T;O(/0.C-Y1Z!T9O:/0.S)Z1Z%W9/2.0N_(

MZ%V$WH71NPB]Z-W$7H71N\B]Z
WD7H71B]B][,'H7H7=A]Y[P*=]5:'
MO1F]B][


= Q8Y1R8Z!FAVCHAT#53M&93L&ZG:






6
MR+7)I
55N )L:FEL@F^^OWR$Y8: YJS</F(3'B?-*Y?.<B
F2U8*4Z(E+\ Q]/CMICV]7FN5A)50^_5?6#
M7'NY$UOL]@\;LMN/XNSX6!PT8C XZYH;V/:\
5O.X;KE42H@LM@%K):_4^^
M:(QZ]03H?K1EOQ/8Z=3U$V+Y#H&_-+DGU+\-HJF5T


MQE_(U


M)O?[!4D(-
6]K'

M8^J2Q/IK3X0]UXI=
MNH:AURC?!




&CC-<R


&+O3'USO#HFS$'I/@9S@
CYASG@;$LG.

M&$O6^?D!F(L#





V0K_&;+M/-[HE?D'=BQ'-
MF- -4W)%L@/.^827 FQ8VX)V']@^X3PP8_!28
;L&PU
F'VC@0FS;S0P8*[P
M4F#&XW!C,%;@AF#\\

M&I#TZ^L[^A?

M


)\$Q

MEVT+76N]##7=KS$ZO)RXLK7UW3'U(SI[5?474$L#!!0    ( %R(WDB97)PC

M;0O&-H&VM!-S:7;;M)F$[4X?A1%8C6QY9)&$?[]'-A#+E@WMDDVZFSP$+.G[


M 



H%N
!M8('_.






E1M'V5;S<HY=8

2S90+!D&&ER0F$JDY?DU($_XKI=K^G--



%.7
M0[@:0KX#;;J=W#HXGIB1N0K34I!OP_GIQ7@:XCG9!+E]F%=MY]C1T?OGP5&P

KD*)\3(Q%Z'#GEUQ?X]&2X]NF9;5NKREW&6TB4CG
M:9@39ZO*WF6QP54=SU5;\K^:CVT%4[/_EFMR)\

KF[.:EZ93%GIO+?+0P)+%N(

E'#^4[YU_T74.N?O;=X_INDSM(3)QY
KC


M97



7 L-B+^J#:



M#9;@%)54?29;H6IC #OYHZ'O+5NO=0L1P$[^A!-2
GMI[/XQA ]02P
$%

L;XDRH   Y2,   \   !X;]W;W)K8F]O:RYX;6R5FEESVS@6



MZH/Q)OD-_?
[LHV#J+0+A_)CIF;B=N);$OA9].*CJ
7P[78R/J^YZLG-W[HR
LB!I /(/]:4 @ $#!=0
=





ORD.R
M?LCBS6

MG:=RI?V
%%34)A3-9X_)?L%35/VWL?+[:7X8CE/R!:)049M2]'P\EMTW
MUNY9+IX:(1.LLAE87%7MN;%#1*&M-F%K)C.A[EP-YTYF'#(H'4^EZ%2B]H:5
MC1TA@VV8/3YK.$J7M[)AJV;2J9X+6UV




M#@KL$ +?G7O1\+YG.7\:.Z?Z]





BXZ[I..&P.BBXRXZ[A*.FU$8KEVTW;TV7+MHNXNVNX3M1I2'
MMGMHNT?8;HS\'H9K#VWWJ.S#B


MH1&%MOMHNT_8;D:A[;YV[$'8;D:A[3[:[A.VFU%HNX^V^X3M9A3:[J/M_K6V

M$*)G?

X H%#V@]IPDZKG#
MB-).^*@]IPD5H.@!BAY0)R2XBWEI%J)0]( ZYD

*V08Y&;U-=@.[[G.DPKY5CD-O4U
M6'606QT-IA5S+



M='



%


M_NY(1;N-#_W'Q&MY+82:/(L&'GGLB8-+VGC,7+9^%NX/LE@O2(7R7IN-'W
ME/-'2M_4X
LU


MB&R528F[TVN*F9%?
+15SI&R*TRP80S5.Q:AV8IH\BM,L',.%@7?#0K&?D
M/E.FF!FGK2K'IHUC3[9_>1_8[$+'YJ5CU:N9-Y#L_3C50H06($YE6,? - L
M[]!*M51?%@-&BX51$D
M5./#+O\'4$L#!!0    ( %R(WDCL/YD'NP




4X2'M=%V83KU3CVK5VO]+FO



$XB

4AOCDVP+(UAZ-5L0

M;N3!\F8VAUGZ*.LM3IHD6[(/;K5$L%Q2?[E$L+Z1!WHRFY(/2J5-\6C):KN5



MMW8B6#Q9XE_IU)(CO/N1.107/BIWJ#^.\ACT*+5J#V.SUP5;?6[ZJ8&XC=X:




!#]*PSW
M@CY 0




M@TX^Q


MP2AVBRE
6)S:&T5&S3H
 ?*UXM3:I517O(?61YG.M^Y_)M,TP@Z'37Q*3.

M_J)/_)UV9\+


EIR(V-:M9VF
MW+IC?8$BG+CE% ;.'6VE@4&01(O.L7TU0/UN(-BM6D_G$;P7UV;2S]]T-9Q
MF3P 0/LM*$N@?5- _:H@SEMX _7L#G'VX:Z8+G4#AV+@AI70NBST^!N%AUKU
MUM+^






MS_TWA[JIBJZ_;5[2]M+88C\&566*C












5*%)5&*G@P!(83X)C-7=U_=Q)8ASY



MBNB


7WA!Q8S+OC/F
Y9:P)

M&UZ#=YRRDRN9F- DR%V9B?D1[_.54[Z:

MFH6#!8K-X'X:8/;D*C]NJ%-R='



M$/T5BP_ 7 .)-(NT:I]J+3:A_;92:@M3%K.V'[]_4%4A.1=E^P9WS.F3
C
MXV)D_%VT&$OP24DO]EXKY;#4)Q:3)'PV8![==(P3I%4(3]#,7
:D.B!$9!
S^HOI5KD_(H$K1GYUM6R5V< #-6[0A<@W-G[#4PO&X8D1
M8;[@=!&2T9GB 8H^[=KU9AWM2;:9:.N$:)$-T(8_Y
03X3XJX1D(B1W!&A;
M
8
X((G*@K
1B 'IVQ'N%)QK$:4


MFOB;-53U&/702W+G)7&\A$&P+)-9



MNP4$-U)O






M*TXPG2?8=!-

(6+C;1299&

M

MD$VK8A;T

M9





M*D5@%T3R6EH

B\ TV2#[BZW%4);
MD7



MVJ-



L\6=GU+

I
S
M8A.C-J?*DQ$/@OZ@N



M


&
KXD9Y=V!
&C)#6UZP
0



5Y:BN





3!
^
M)ZH)JP7#W7BE3/=:]A]02P

:^]82[!@  JB0  !@   !X


D-1\ONGMO#]^ZEZ;I


M*



L&'X^U_['

M^^_FL7\9W.;SV6/S5+]M^R_M^Y_-%(

M;O;'O^^G_Q3Y5$PN0%

*[ XA7)LB'7=U\N[







2V6TVB
MZ4[&1T8/DY69E7US60(PE.:^@3DV

J


4NL5




O)(*80-$/;I'0KYPP!9URDNS0^




=VL7-[GLO)O6)96RLS5%HC$D9<IJ320.9

TT.AZ
M*_1L&60D[[.@R/L8-N

MRY
Y \0D*F(K:A0J79A(GF?(FW+R'Z&J2KW.@&%UZ1J2A3%5GYX41JC66&
)*%:5LOMD.,A,++(Q-_@LLU$$F:%.HIV



M(W


MG-UJZ^$FB'AE8J.:2=-[H]97C]7J9EVR8Q Z81)E?X%9$







M?4S(9T*^$O99-)X:19M?N.-5:7 B=N#A[#8'#S=!QL3&]5,FMX;M;YZJ3;[
M^Y)=@M
2933#69%

MV7@

$%     @




=A63X/V
^!*2'_619L$2*A

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#$R+GAM;(53RV[;,!#\%8(?$,JRW#:&+!.

95^8XD+3JHRU1U.5.#HI

M =ZM]D?BX(@-\



^YB0SX1\)7S+HO'4*-K\SAVO2H
3L0

2*?<WQ.C 0  L0,  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T
3
N

4[:% D$-SIJ651(3DJB1E)7\?/B3%



QF2TGGW\^22&A<


P$/T5RQ]0$T*[:420

M!]I:V^\9


M\4^VFVA?$]*)DZ$71*,QT;!Y@.WO,@UCL3TW)_=9N_@VHLX96*FH[3.Z/&

ZI -^'J&%+BT-FXI4MUN9UW:3B33WB1][R!GUPW
MHC/DA-:=;#B&&M&

?+M;Q2L7$8C\_D.65%G\!4$L#

M=#$U+GAM;(U3RV[;
!#\%8(?$

MYU/3

*KA0)M!6IBH#G0A\W^N N(/@I8+2KF 3O)\37D'RO#S0+%D!






P$/T5RQ]0$T*R

M4+(S1]I:VQ\8
V4+BIL;[*%S?VK4BEN7ZH:97@.O DE)EB;)GBDN.EKDH?:B


M-,Z]V=NX [E;U'9UIE-**F@YH.TKS@^PC3S@N6*$WXDG(P%M5
H43QC[B*








M=#$W+GAM;(53VT[C



8G[\TX2M]E2;L+5
M
2+9,KIVA 0  L0,
M !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T



MB--Z]V=NX1[E+]&XWIO-*&F@Y:-T3SA]@WF$VR!8H[3Q2^K1.E0+A1+%7]
J


MA+;DC





5/WH+BYPQ$&]Z=%K;AU


MO\
RPL$+UBA-^))Z








V81#EM


MA+;DC

$

M





_B;(P.!$[B'!VNX.'FR#BE8F-:B9-
M[XU:7[V4G/.78+0C$F4TQ:S6Q',JW_8@M-K.M^V^)R^7^C[Y'!_Y7#_N4^


*_^



P$/T5RQ^ T[1E






M6=3E3@Z*30\&V)'I;CY=0*)TY'NZ%)X

M+*EQUYMZ5I=;^=C'L_DJ_*@7?PC9M.:$O.Z/S)QF-H$1UX$]G=/26]?S]K




MT8I%RJ:*VH=*41[:9R\


MCPB WSU
9A
3[_V

4--Q


KASNOQ;(
DLZ]GS41T%@??G.QCE<J)A:'Y8&LK[3\!U!+
M P04     !<B-Y(B8_A%Z


MJ%Q0X'ZYPB-(&81\X]^3YEO+0%S'L_K7.*UW?^$6'E'^$K7KO-F
DAH:/DCW
MC.











@

.3

8CRPS2R1;$.0;IT8&--+'

82V2P)LM@I


^!!H\/R.#R#(


MY\-+
O;
+WA5]OA
?F%^;CH1[)E4G7=LDR?&)%%9Q$_J]&KUP)DGE)RD'J[5
MF)N6;R:2]=



5BK\.H8W
M7^*)=IN03H3TBH#D8_YC1A2%DJ.2/?$?;OD8.'*B5AEI+V:MW;H-I6+V7Z






MA-Y'C3'M#F-=-





2=DC3_.FC^6CCC=#^K/


P
8
MD:8-LM36WD66\E[1IH5W@63/&!'_+D#Y< ZB8Q\-%6M3 %G*9YX1<.@E0UO


7'[-=-=@\F.T\@633Q
8=UD_V#R=X3


MD^E2R_X#4$L#!!0    ( %R(WDC_9?
F*0(  +


R+GAM;(V5RV[C(!B%7P7Y 0K8SE6.I::CJK

M$EL%XP$2=]Y^ 


M8AU UEY &H7XFNPQ9!- -EY ?.-]S8R-QRB@V*

S

P

28;

M0G4('J/]
;4(!WBG

M@D^4 ''RY5?:NG7P;W8/(^TZ(1X)\4RX#UUP;^1B_B&:Y)D4 U(=L=\NVANX
MM)&&2FG)GWW)J@RU7.^B9(,GZW0B/&4XQ(3S0ALU*]:Q,&:'B_H\6WZ9J)O
M?,+-DAXFMP6VD\#6VQ7+:;K%CWFN

GF \
*FVW.[.7_G+X@Q;==-7G_TW^ U!+ P04

M;6R-5
MNJS 0_17+'U#S2$@5$:2F5=4N*E5=W+MV8'BH-J:V;U_?_T E&D

IKX%3=B0Y:\Z84DE-MCK(BJI-
MT?BC$1!D!!.FQ9GJ:N]RRP5O69-^\2J9YS*O\=@8GA@$
\%3Z:JM:V0+*4


]9S%4922LQ4:
9YR7&+&4&,^E6+*_I


7OK+X0]:=--5G_\WV7]0
M2P



@?#A[@3<E
MWIJJ5B:!LQ3/O*)AT

E

K5?.7\WFY_%V?--
M4 A5T:!Z.4&3TI$=+&?T?-3TM#7


M^8







S$'UOQ-P-1YQBN?$&VL[ZQ.D+,CJYD :9B22$-SQ
_IX;3W

TK




W+GAM;(U56V_;(!3^*\@_H!C?DE2.I:;3M#U

M$





M\CAHXF)6U
36
]DZ DG0Q





MSMGY

MVQT8
T4#BIL;[*!U?RK4BEN7ZIJ93@
O TE)EB;)CBDN6IIGH?:J\PQ[*T4+



);*+



P$/T5BP^HN20TC0A2T]5J]V&EJ@_MLP
#6+4Q:YO0_GU]


MVB9PGN&95U(.K:*B11*J0_ 8[8^I13C *X5!+?;(UGX2XMT&?\M#$-H2@$&A

M\ ?&%K96L!!

7


]Y\G]+L-G*S1B/.6XQ$0S AOU


M$EL+Q@42;_^^7&*O04CQBX'QN0P:&

L3S6P(A\


KI
MG^:D:IUMFJ 3G


?LWQLL@U
MIY O/ ^9D;ALS1P


NU_?'



%AF=#[*@4-_^.('$ZT V=R^BZUTHL*IDZ\1K05J(F!]D ?-OMC$1 1


M2P
&ULE57;CILP$/T5BP]8<TNR1 0I%U7M0Z75/K3/#AD6AM3VX3M




$/TX;
MQS46@$*JC +1RP7V0*D1TH7_=)JWDH8XW%_5O]ENM?LCD;#G]'=Q4KDVZSKH





M

2L)F=
R8=HLY2%2)\G9

B5OUOL#TK+9JQ) P:]CE<J[:_=L.3/+F6W2Z :P%
!8NX
M%SXTZF5^8YJ5A11=H$[


G2(4CN$Y 8^;11



^8\2O<<41/W]IK[ITN7VMP7%




MP#'


$$1\#
M+4X\0P(8J0+P;*X FB[@HS,H]W2N0+=#)T9RP)\
Y(_?7IR!5+')TEF5=:\





K^C]%-U?AR6;J \




@79H^%5V(+18XSQCM'-YBM3S FX0S)2*5':[56%]?
M60HN1R]Y&
'
ORBA 0
U9FU@PEG

 0T;:#;$%#-K8CM%
M(/C8!;JZ0'TQD.$B?P07@7Z[BHT!+39-*GT6
:C4F1-PO:3D%1NO#2QUXB

CPP*R7*0C&J?=$76++2VQX21X+)-;,)*_.3&HY2 V!=[1


/94/+M=UL#8+\BSY\:?

M1
JZ5\O/-<K6=WMT<KWW;W=V4



=+N]$IUFO:I&KC#4S
MQU7A-/5
-0-FS@N#/3

MK7;UXU@C$D807:+M--1%(QJ!$FG9#_
KP0!-2

MB_0;Q!Q' +@@+\?J1X]5LD7ADOL*36 2= W
2!@Y(Y(GXD !4862G)$T=D:T


:+2/1
@&9?LX?
M



M]1(]KRX1WKH2G[


^I%



Z[321IQ43(A$C.(Y*RBHD]/
#)

MD@XAY0X!RJ\DF=I*HU-;20*:D$J
Q+;F X&4BP(T)S*NIXME%LTKT\3.SD O

+U*.


M;JI;66^I8?L8F(8

F?NO5.!+U4:F7M&0?IJL
N(:^56A5^:*-.^13I

M5SFD\I0Z)5#$:Z &G9]VP\XOM/;D&N@$3KKC!EA!U4 $6K2JQARLJXX;8(57


X%(7_N5] [I7XI%R7!63FII93%57+V;6)%9B5X-Q VGW_/OAZ4BW)9S

M;[O#^CUH+K7

MJ*Z/&[:93WP[O1_;_D2PVP:WNL.IE.?F5)V]6KX];I[8P[/ 7C(H_CG):Z.\
C]K
M*M\A=2PDCGMT*Y93AR88B3YC]V:? 74!2^F?!FX2C5?+A4^B&(T#IZE!R](

5;S&E\6PENM

I37%Z;XJ!

M6.+#;&0=5)K$87D$%%00K=








M05M=YAVSV[;=[G]02P


F-L2?-'0C[DY
=Y8WO2 R[QB4L))!YWO





H@A6F5]5.F'4BMYKKC6L#BUKZ\LJ.EG?R5:FJNM#)DL;=
4_
+X=I+MUK0$Z^KEKQT'CLU

MF2G'7@__1NE[?_)CN_2CGH'49


5YCE3

A#ZOCQO*EE *9+U

MN(\7FL\)J#\G



M'V;BN!OWV^

OA%O?=4[H#*^8OY'V)^IR4 Z/!#/UZQRO

QVC $#


(79?Z7SI=G8

MC[JP@BQF?!


$%     @


M@&1SPQ4F1 7)A7_/F1]+*J/=7]*_ZFHE_0EQ7%'RJZM%*V%]UZEQ@ZY$O-+I

M (9





M.;ZRNFK1&P'TVC20_-NB&O=KR[/&C??J4C*QX12Y



/DT2S))&1Q'TL$


'IS&]J^%T\99MJIWR+ SM;-)P:




M$$$[268:G9W=BYWI[


MN*WJ+MRLAK&G?K/B%]G4'7OJ W%IVZK_MV4-OZY#&

MNF6=J'D7].RP#A_A0PFI1@;B=\VNPF@'6OPSYR^Z\V._#H'6P!JVD]I%I5ZO




W$TIQ[-1
S-HD9





M2LR8+G!!W/B1+\?/35N0WHG?=*=!



$
[UU6KD&DIVU:9_??;
M#\!R!AO;'LX[_N<5C@M.L8_186Q!%^4-&+C55*V:]\7QPI3)%Y8BQOUY
PX
5FPJR1U@]\Y$%=*$?^WPX1U&R_T
MAL!'?:FD#OAEX8^Z4TUQ(VK6 ([/&V\;KO=AH%-
QN\:=\*9 UW\@;%/O?AY

M'CCA

ML!H
5M9@-3F%9%ID:(]J9Y
:NX_L



BNC;2?Y!@=6^X6ZK8QB^]T*S;MY&Y3






MW6
=EO



MGG-5

#I



WSCK/U!+ P04


M[I=C51=9VUW6)[^YUB([#$%%[D

H




M









MYB]9;-94



SNLH@YX2

MZM.PA]DX^^JC;


M2P





M/*$O%Z!R:3AP1P=N[\!%#EQ

\A[D6J& Q@7F6
7.B.;0*
M0P($C$W, H)S DNI(3'UQW7$BE&U8KZ&=#)9KSA,:=&Z8DGHZK& @WY9
'_

M1ZNC=QC'&YS2WU[37TQP:(9
I\AHBECF=*K$B71POE8Z.!4P#LM-^#: %$TH

ME U D=#0,%!LN?2I=C0#A@&KD.W)4,[(!SH?& *@PP#1$=0$MMO

X[L/$


MX^I\?8 N&6%VRSI



T ROF



P%/P5Q =@;+8D(DB=931S&*G5AYFSDS@!-6#:

/=J0
M6OXY4U9A(9?L GC##YI4E4Y/LQJ'!1NUFJ]UY9EM*K*(N:O#*'7ZL*LW\;
M4M)V[4+WOO%67'*A-D6@IYW*BI2\X+6#B/GM?L5WN(%$0C_A2DY8.YHY(_

MP96$
R4BE1VNU9@Y$.D=E[NW+/;]%-R44(=!&K
!$.!9?!<(+P+A$8@')D)QUDFQ@V#
MJ34FC(*%%X]AT!S,=H2+DV1*;#<$13X,O6 *MK=@D3?C%.KMFA4&WHN$%ON



+W9 FY;*O]HB1GH::)
MJLTT&K
0M+GWS;YY9_\!4$L#!!0    ( %R(WDBJ^HBOUP@  /4Z   9







IS QB%(6Y@QA-


FQ@*LX@QNIAPIIU!X1H0IIVO@G%1&XRXM%M]7&7F3!
M:
&A.!UH09!QNBA.+ZR8D+ %@!EG)JXX_^-TSJ/0?
)2 ($G/:0,+B0!*(FDE$;&4_*B^9WQA
5$ #51'#416$X$T!-%ZXF(

FTF?$+M
XXPHP6@M%*T(\!I/=$
3Q*36@)2*U8;F-02
M4%$9
MH6=(Z6


M#&
FGA+L!83IP%I?%:K F35:5K$SX$(K/61*4B09340$J:CJS1!.KJSP
M JX 7S6Y=;Q#($^!YDE09AN+F:\!\W4@!P&!Z$%(@C+18'G0@D'+SSK.%TQ1

MOE0)AHL;#JPR!MO3722OE4YL@+2YL!@F0XT]P(1%XC!I/78!$Q


M8_HQD3'8(


B$(/[WLIG *E(D&)VR6L\F$(
O)Q2P6/\O89'X%



M!$&6
T$]9K_GY#009$G0+ G*1(


/4]H+[3%)?F/GZD


*JF

M25 F&JP. :H#1U
U[-7,!\#8OGA4NYFL(@[LL

MQSG4BXJQ=
\0RM
+/$;1*WP:E8N[5VY6 -GP' D4!4[PZRO#1[97)U8$WLCF

O
 =T]KQ6\





M;NGP[6W/E.'N5N)['?R4SZ8?GE?Y2QFI
G=!


M4A.RD


MLU@R@R5WLF3:+GE0.$E
338-DEL@N0%B;9)+D%S;)'(I:K=B%**P( H#HIPV



BYX



MT+L;X T!GA$ -%F_KF]8X#1AM+-XBU6UX5;*F3*1SA;OW9A.EUP9EZ.7-'+=

MO0RM:7H-#,G6%)E4Y7O^.LHOH'BSU
26*-XD]1(M]!2ZILIG*=S3I+8+ $
M






HBMB_GG'NN8ZZS 9-W6B'$K(^V

MJE1A.HEY 1O'V^C/&J4P*#X(G60-5AJPR-D\]Q\O_

DBK_L9;%#Q)G







:WOQ8[L
X[8&

M!
 M +J J#?JRORJG%HM:G




M

MY-'_IP3.9,7I/@A!S_T/WZ,CRQ2_)#GR?*@
&.I/A);^H)C$=-4OSD:/PD




MQ /4QH3#(H+4
%7;Q:2J%]NUDYB :CUG=]_7R U$9LZ6[B ]_I_QV[&!E_
M%0TA



M_#9I?EAJHCN?U9]
M2K] 0M2







MLH\_TNX:H%[P


%[$;(@:+KH7A:R9Z%:%A*Q4-
+J'Z!
M]N
WA1;0F*1M+Z/%G!N
CB.+0:(-R ZCIIEHPD0C)H!/TF+NAA@C'


Q+!V& N,)2ZWPF3P&K.428JQ0+I+.UB^K 
M-51'7M .@03OFUQ3-DAJ YT
 @55:3VM2GY(N(&DJBZ1J@?:&0+RJY*
&0%&

MQ(6 _)V.PD\1

C.*:-FG9M I P6ZKQBF/<$)_MU&.DPMN9BY0XT;-


&S4!2)@ME7S@&#7 

<0:0M
!TPQZ A-G2
MAATXY@QPS!FPO!C;+\285A/@F#/ 





M7__RGP:V_P-02P









95IFY7G0G1NE@<NM6Q))RSIF7B


MS)B8-
;/'O.+#:NDU .3(M/.6C)K31#6A+DUKDG%_S[


M)C&0=#9M$LV'K(S0T%1
B@%$!^8C)LYEC?82(/G4-@ZG^Q8@UI9S$1XX#.
M15::


D:
D7#\P1=:O0DK5FMMD
BS
M30FHAKC:IC:N5K(K.Q^B&8;P8!F[(LPC.9(M&Z0.Z*]6+1&KUXA6CAI;74.




M368UR*006R32M QI/-+($FG::J1I)=*TH=2%QZ8I; 
-:QRF)[?&6=:SYO8@



M=VX18C




M!FBPJ2@



M54:-SB
L[ON
N4--LXAN.9F,2J#LGN^TS&%)9!DS&5VS[4J.S AN%*0-*&



MJ;*-2H!KD
.J4:J89


/P:9Z\IU(



361\
QGY+R)2#)#HGIJJ/**R2!;]J-4


$.;:\;R\U08[I@A9^5HD4:KQE3H]]Q]135I7S


MR;

M/=8AT


8_

Q3#P
M=NTR0X

(#J
M*P-(E090AV3%$


E)KJ0OR3N$VJV (#;)N5B4
5%_#0*J(@: J!BJ5
4Q!=E0
M%S6MI28HQ(JZ0E415J+F!SSD&

?4#
*J+ )2JDBJS(+JZRQ(%5I0

&*P$)

VI5%$*\*B3;DQBCSO(@KBP;Z;FR
M+ \2NJ X*T+M($+M.*'.\2!7Y-
3&O&WOV5XD*MGTZJ4AEC=2FB033ROV+2O



T0WU+%
5QAOC,E&EQW+9U^^Q[AH [T\,BAB&!B&#B5
M4\1PLHG)=1'K&0K  B=SR/9H4&0NU)





M

MK& J$+!-:E3!E*DOF#*J8

/LU!M^+]RD$)G5:ZD7



7AE4D!9OI[$(*662J

MRW'X(M#T\_2!U#O3?^Y2_'Y/UQ\H];NY?I^2?S#7Z]3O_6QW_:&?\O2U?J+J


M?-W^:[/_^OARN/A]=SSNGM_U7SK]LML=MZ?^V*Q.




6[;9%?%^4E
M;LJ#;6IXT02I(R_*-EK1Y;=.15F?_=R%PFS7GTV@'L-;S+.-83?$NH[NO 5?


M(PL0A4;P)E
&0
8SQ#VHRT>P8LZ



MN0U =W-;]WFSK4G@@NP]$#];[%TX-^4#F/WPF?;%X&U15#LBQBU+WW.1#9
M

M&H!\




X\$#];[

!'++B9Z6$P_$



M$*V \CX1&Q

'A/
X3Y 1C1A



M.O_


MNW;):Q
;6=

0=

MV=S1W@^

@Z

M:!+86('H)D9\:S*U
2RF


ML_O2XQ/\Q/S4=L(Y
*FNGKDG-6



MAH1!4[[WSZKMGN?^&QY?PL8#Z6 #@&SY,L =@E@0T'CWIB75G?2E
6N9+G
M0!]+]V.3A44KE\

'0#K.ZQ9 !$=GLHUO0



M60




USM
M;'*U^/ZAJ4^U 

M7I(P[#T&;


M47Z
JF;E5Q4^J_24RD?Y66%6EWM9F7EY]6
NS<2N KU[



@T?@WY5OA
HW0E)H0F&B$ -Y2
/%06T[@3UN(P91 5 !V4657A4<
G%(5/#LJ2BL\.+CZ-&40S

&ULE95=CZ
@%(;_
MBO$'%


%_1CK3RS9FR!@LY9!? .T;P:0AJ:H

MC1(\TIH/3^]XY8(V4XCO-?A-MU4[M+U^$Z5CV'P &@/0/0&GP:$8T#H! #M
M;,CK&Q8XSQCM/=YA56VXE3A3(E+9XX,:TY]+9L;E[U/X28#-R4T
FA@]B:#

G)JH
MH^EK18'0

O

RYX;6R55U%SFS 



M':YR_S47;

-+H7^]S4E(7O4JOE?E


P22

&L)!8M
M:73[[&PAESN28!R+O=0E\2D^NW3RV6%RDLRA!)!L:JD#3$\('2HJA%/+ &#F

P]LYJ4.)C#S8#+S #
/+.;1S(Z6]'W=HE[H0 K U(/8):WQ






QQ%B% &:M0-







')8!
ML\S(

M8QS*


M 9FD


+8*E


L.L1PR+I.=(&%U8FY8'5W^'# J
M)!9QMB.(NHDHT(Z3!_G?A]3C'2]]BK^O3!^+-E+!)1P$D1I=0A2ED3Q= L
MF]E9IGMBA^Y?Z]&]W2
1
6J?^_*P&/&GY?@X6

MW8\J/]WW+SI=W[;:_ ]02P



MJN9LJZ VA]?%%_:RE:J'#(@_S^;6..^#WOEW:W_T'W[?OR[BW@=3F%W;J\B[
MEP^S


M(Z8:





M4.]RO)TPTXZ2

M&ZBF_#;&U)*SJ24QM:2B1*M^&6WDW*.4ICX.5UY-L+/7JAWO.!Y/']=J7WA_
&ULA53;CJ
@&'X5X@.(

?XB*$ F^
M:-.*K5=)V6T@%&5%*!8^ZTBK=BZ



M%SEG/1 =UG]'N%%PKD64

!$!K-W


M-



MWB




]%;']1<Z#_3;:


M3*#MD&-8AXS*DS5\E


M^8FC8'
 RXV;Y!1L =G$A&.T04:;V&@TZWQCM(FK4=)@:QK8'
*
GZ NL(W1
M
4QFEF&R10-E8Y

)H)L


MF+:#9)[C-1T
!S@A

MQX/6P#YF!6T2_\$8$9VYFT#^Q7 M+1TI9\!3'B+O4\#^PW:IM5$4K O&;Q
MO&M@7Q'



)EU9E@[3@!6[3

MRQ
K@ZP.BF&.BFP*TIE$3*[

ME..8C-5)O5N=%%8GQ5 G!;)26U2'&U24)M(IEO%T2;$1/KOI7J_-DL38HA

M %


^1+PRT1K5X(1$]6!&*=K6#MT@SMTF@_



M%RR-!4L[
/YT-P&%49E(IH@+J]VF@G/%^.DYF18-)8K#798K-2_QGJE8[W



L[(&8E&WP#18AUV8Q4Q0$7H8



M


6W%5S9.BR I

 
2Q(DT+%8&Y2!CC0L#+$3@1I$9
X[5@ G!:L
M.
6X1#QUZ#/
L 0\O]'!8#!Q





#[L6;$Z$=XB*D9Y\-%*.C2NI:/P @\3O4]&Y9J+%G6A;DPMNF


 M/G!I@41SQ15N6^DD9OXSF[[/*1/U_N+^




=+[
M#O&JHEASB%,3-)OJB370T,MLFLK4/,1K#@2G<
ZQR[1%RR(O=A*8JHRC?=3
MEG2UJJFYJ@\X9*MJ
M
AM]:3Z:0PC[/U1IDK
G5IG'CP/E&^(LH-(@BL1+DV

(?BP_7SMM!K0&?]$





_LF:P<3W&O)IWE7;

M%)QK$L7LB8Z-F_RJ5 BU^U%!%$'YJI!Z$.M+% (R)4]+


MEHEM&0/:.*#5?9G$R4=B
R3W&5+'T=1F2&U'4^-H.LE'CH
\FCP+2BES-#-;
M
YM-C@/*[\ODCDQN
:#H/@-$3G[UG?-@P0$X;H#=G0AFPW512Y20JX1L#CRO
M-$7%:





:G
=%

0'

!B&;Z7A N17
M48
D*IG
'FPRF8/=XZI5R+24;:O


I(+_^D\

FS@@1

M44 !\XS1%O &JM
1KB7.E(ET!ER[

ME_;.-2)O*H]&\LBUP'Y

M
J4:J-90.HL2%[2W(*=3



8
_@W5TUW]N+


ML
J+VM_OAK$OS7ZG;EU9U/)+X[6WJLJ;7Z^R5/=G'_F/@:_%^=+U ^%^%\YV


M5+1Z]'V/(LIWX7OO:1+A0?0*1+
BU.X7Y\ ^-




*$Q
M=KR?# IQ$FU:

Y
NA3H6
M





BYX;6R-5-N.FS 0

SPS!Y






J^[
M3V]SJAM97$Q\KT@_^V=6=L]S_TV
!K-I Q@
8#3 _*8!&0S(EP&Y:4 ' VH9

M?OAS:59IB\S[4'E3V(


M
;



Q+JZ+K

M=0SX84T%6PX 7%05=#D $CFI =AJ 






A^TB8
HIB2;UU(1-[&JH-6&%J/9=-UM[&WDJF[X_&F?'
MCOFE:YBM^:7JI/N^]\O-8G9




3WMWK1!N-S




MSF\R:OFJM2.
6W5GL)(S1 SF6K1^3(@7)6/WHS750[2#GE0HC&+(A^$*

*[408\Z8R/NK.%)J)
68&W E1=^;0
M#EJ Q9?)67[M\ H@OD&)_*%$\O:;KWI!8@
+P6 AD!8-1]:RF(Y#B122]C


&H-!E< D@
MBD

MI/M@Y%Y=FHR/Z8ZOTFIW*&KKO6S$NW3WUKLMRX:+4

V

NKR]SKC:_YX6BZ&_YRX=_B

MR-J/#[561=%E:BO_-R3]K-D%CK]?L__5M]O2?\\:M=;%]WQGCBW;P'5V:I^=

$0]AT !\^V


-@5*B')98.@
4M3#[G$Z&5BR ?_CQ#C#J*808!J4:VHWA$E;/);B#$




'2P4I(;%XRWV1\=:I:H/_?E@XVSUN3+V
.\:V-TV9^0[;4VJJ47
CBK;W2X*M3?=U[C]7MOS1'MA].EZ/'H[HUW^!E!+ P04     !<B-Y(
MLPY^ 20  #W!@  &0   'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='





MT&8=+6'R]S#O.EDY3E9S)TZ6Q#JQH
:V- CC)5#N@%:/O22.EV3N)7ZLL'9.
5.'[\R3RAF)=FS@I0L&LC[:<^1L=9?@CU/'+B1SWCS9RZRV1I
MBTK\_&R;@0X

M='



M'H1]4TO%J;%#U6#=*Z G+^(
DR3)

^=4_=L#
MD\
N2J-QXJUK6N

.A9'[GL!RG?
E@/Q&_G3_+J[*G#?RB
MJNF$1@=I[*'P.[B6TH-D<3VJ[;VZID&#&KCNH7MJW :P\#(?KQ;I@NN^@]0
M2P



18VTHE
M9;/]]]6GPYD




M2;QVM(D2U@P20228L2GQDJ*!

MA

L#-T.ZFF
MVV5-%K'3?8=UP?678YUP 2I-F*(T]B[I/R6;
K@.]MYO)]7HUVFK(S*5W-1_




;:H#@0?+



B
M3Y3]@-DO26#A3.+YP0%)IP4Q@_(?N46/

MGY98@^(!O\Z1/AG/#D1;9.EI+2$E+R6UV+#G
#^THDDLSC#P_C2';
9R06


@RR8)R-)%UHH=Q+L9]YW
AJA+







MBK

M+



MI,ZX.BI$T#^:[!\MR$CCD)]AA TYI RANB@_B!JF(
M6__8B0-.D0,H2^)\TA0(

M8O?.D
58YH)CQPXXY0[@3+$_F^
^(15Q24%B!P^Y'CS#AYS@/$GMV!F^XY8
M_B





 KLB&O;XBCLJD=]@9

M8@031J0P AT#9-ESAW!R4-.7T$QD@4-D
42F0VXFFJJC4*)N$
51#KQP3E89
M
AAHJKLXL843&S@Q



MO!D/A' LC( G$CN)CZ#;I


J
MI





M^#5]G^OQ^S;]D@9SF#X Y@X![#X80? _AG '\8$

M:N3-:2_%
#W82X\W0Y(^L]..V9JI?_NN:/NG'VO&(ECY'T.F&8(1VB#H3OA]

*U#6Q5@FN1''\N0B^B)ANW[CZ#D&:/L\0+AGXE'$766A(2(:

6BF.B.
:*23/II#A66H$X\5(=

M.R6R4RP[TLI.U0%-



M
72QRECU+PN(W
$%5+W:7MG



]
MSA$5!58C3OV!61D$PS4]UOO5EF!P=8PAES=+)PZ!+.R*;6]9AN'Q;9*2K+








!-:/-_)(*#5*VOFU%_WP-
3I






MN-)CT\ZX



M
RYX;6R5E=MNHS 0AE\%\0 UYIR((#6LJN[%2E4O=J^=Q FH!K.V$[IOOS:'
M%$9$T!OL
?_\?.

M%MZ+2Z[
 DH3=
\[%26M9

M9SN&@3)Z5

MMD[T3*Y
O?/FE?8U!
;PR)ELG];Q*A4OAQ3;*LEG-Q95.S;=F]CIT^83W#[!
I%;BO:CT6SBFRL\+XD2!/
8K@#AM]AN&

)XZ7';S!H0N?O6DA
MWK*##QC\J8
_+;03[8$HF!-E0!0NLP2 )9@Z1+

MP*W)A?XBXE)4TCIPI

M:&5E='

T:''=^671K[VPLJ!GT=0=


/
 =$8$$T!*/TR(!X#XL^ ^
N 9 Q(0$ P'*6_B H+
M7!:


'ZGHB-2*4A\6




J
;@&5&ZNH):.[B&-10Y%5%



\





99RI\/Y\!-5%4$T$A2.$\Q$TR4%CM@ ?:+//?0/:G4#&

YG4!%\U L A4B

M#3%!J/D@STL$T]6UR9EO:;60I%IP)EQ!Z%-B

MWL PJ3GT*5I2%DIG$-/%,)TB:!HWU;C(J&C+T8E_=*V],7#OQB+#.0?+JT

\
8XA2=_]5T
M :!IS];C J!E1J.9W1L1740Q-0@GI3=SQ@R@:8W0@+EA2$I-9WL]?;;7M&=K




' L% :!C&K3 .''!4DZ$EQ 1
(6/LMW3LM]/'?DM;

%^1Z$R_7:)(ADMZ6WR)M8#)]8*Q[)^SKG%38N1E?A$




M5V+FZ6(

UX.#^LK# /'6E+)DU.L=8 3@VH=-UWK.#JH.);60:CL
]Q8Q$AG

MK2

M4W7DIZLCG_@86 ]$$KW-
4!*J
PG1E
M%&A/#^/*J&4FQ!K$4S73\H) AJ







MG%1&[#R5G$^T@D[4$O:!



G8%4




MHP4Q6)#0@KML02$.*K3 ./*D&5PQ@ Y'D#+*9BH&VP89BPC/)%&?#3@(P2\
MD1WXZ/!&2KC,Q6 ;G::=Y&,0'P/X.$*4+8J1G1TCASBXR1@-H\A2#
;]9L+
M'*8-9F^3(;EB$TO8Q,A\G0 *L7'@P9W$F5R6@@ 8Y

MQF='D^&T9X(23X RPL0=* +'FX1#K').8C20&5%#XRY-=*I[R%VACY6)0
MNIP@V- XG'I^.+%
$

S&DH)I*6QL@@T(90J4


M
UFT5MD D% 9X;4CSCHX

%IFR:-A5- X624
M2:)0I@HU.U

*1

M
\&UGKD3 TKMO#L\34 C!&4S$LOL*1TC
4SN19]%7Y0;K$Y)3'JU!(NL
M)+6N '4VE7Q\)6A)G8H^ 0#!N9LFC?580CUF%!NX;97SVU:)M4Y.MZT^MC)4



MJ4_4H '
X+/1T#6CZ315=3-P E27V+P76404MP\75;
M Y;3!*47


MTKL87$0914EN



Z0M48!*U;K&P@D8KXXPBKR;+!&JB0@C _+=X4M?
W12V6
M(DO:%+5@LU/C33:?F

MFFC1+5P0([SH+)99.[UG.CH&;(;&W[H(0ZD+-9/2VI 2K5MEBP7RI2'E2I





M7]KJ;3RP?CHU?_L_4$L#!!0    ( %R(WDCO+;=X 0




K =1BY6V*;BYO(FEJ&N;R;SY


])QA&#Y0-T-Y.T


M_5S&JI($_- 8UC%VRZ\




M2V%?I$$;7:#*_.LN5

WQV






MB;+;E

RC9Z%+E(RBP(,@\D]3&YC2(9X@CQGO1^(KCS4:?4:X.Z


B

V%0WV7JRBSX

M4\=K2C#]9KX*V?TJ^$;2'*5;HV9TPBS0A&/! 1CPA0UD5+,=PN^WD Q(HM
8;Z*GW3@6&< -MTGF/F:_!%AP2C!#BBIZAU#GS1
MP1&=)@@C@'M& +_;/#-!($Q NPE%P SBX*_Z$*&
L)9=@GFGPKXED..
L*V




MO-#J-._JKEO+S3]02P


M4)$

(DJAU ;


SW W;S7+A@2(SM!)


1O=5EYE9'U 9%(P]
5EO=







M?NZE6R[X2=95RUXZ3YR:INS^KEC-ST\^\B\3K]7^(/5$N%R$5[MMU;!65+SU
M.K9[\I_1XQJE&M(C?E7L+(Q[3XM_X_Q=#WYLG_Q(:V UVTA-4:K+!RM876LF




./[#)GE= 89G
%=969PLSS(G%Z;*)+C('6^

)T*/8E

MX22QB_788@!8DE'[W!U;# #+
O)?FH1&0]FP;M]WYL+;\%
KAU[O.GOM_I^Q






MPPO+\


)HCH1=
M6MXMH1A.$/KBW(+X!7%QLL^8J2T*S1SM$:W[TJ]#[)
9Q8]WXQ:9!^I_

I;!43 &^6Y







BM^%O+3&M=?#/ROUVM_\W-VOPIY!EO*EZU/D^N=-


M(RA-0MN)1AIAM!

MWVULSL_

)-J6JKQEZM[0B

M86I^W&QF2&P.[CP;VFS45SEWKK-)=9U&D;AYB(I%;$F-@VW30'P:D]!-9+HN
MHG-

RHX?,%/+8] _5G+MP\IO4LIEJ(BK@R1*'!MNB@7HT=Z[P+0@R&P#^
MS!1'8\6U;AMUT#]FL\4N6G&/#:;(DA$IHF65+9MVV#YMK-FMQ3.@)_IK2)


3 S+GAM;(V5RXZ;
M

M'^^H0FTKG'CF/Y/I



IS!X03@'A$@#2_P9$4T#T
M#(ADI8I
UO45


T9U#38V16$6T[Q+-#K!QBTR$V
M
3-5B!+U2I0#]A4E:%* F^W39.L:!*3)C'SY(HFT?)$P$MMHLH0Q5Z^S9*N
M6%*3Q9KFE&IIPD@K66?112#SXFV6;,62F2R9E273TGP)$\^JJDP5^,S.YN:

MV







MB9%ZL
9.R0L:8%(N /]=+X#3'/!IQ?VE[U&F9(C&M]Y8^:
WJ2;LJA]W[ISH





84U^G0NWHV_?B\JS=Y,*6M)X130OA(

M


3ZYQ0

87636;3#@2&*^2FL219U I@
M% OP3V-

M*O#$[UV+Z])CTN(+E\-





+D6]L^ %CAD03



MU(F9/AQSZUC8KAF2=4P+.CJ@]+9





MID ID'2FTXO=:T






@P5B@<*R$IV)B#2F8K<$I83H
A '9#H@B::Q\V(V-
M


M
)2FKNP!6P)


M



Y#\&7?)+978(3:A1U[J^Z

^6%T4[L2=I:M+?T#L75;^'',4X:- 2Z@J'AJ=
MC(
4GBN^Z$%$!Q5?V7%7D




M2=

M_



MIK#KE--D8]^!XW&Z
;$HT9!8?5H^I4TZFU;E





1F-8,\B$/!D@Q03AH73!'DU8C! )8Q?L


M


XYDF
3CV?!<+L*)MRMK




MI




MZ9M&I]/U%\B/&




YX
M;6R5FLERVS@0AE]%I7LHH+O!Q26[:B+%-7.8JE0.DS-CT[8JDN@AZ3CS]L--
MKH%V!T?K.T'^&/[N@%R_5HWW]NGJNH6/P_[8WN]?.JZYZO5JKU[J@YEF]3/




MX(8*[^I]._Y?W+VT77TX%5DN#N7/Z75W'%]?IU]R


Z:

MITGVOIU4C';*.T?1O9EH4





@S

JNF2Q%%8@M3Y?T\





IB. 2 #] /+NL#91@F0IB;3(43

MI*NY#(TFO4?)7.3

MDP!&S5D!




MRUE.X5A'/J0QELXSE050K1J);Q+Y
M2WY:;%T1\
PF 
*\6! BAA.$M_$\4WALS=B!PN9B[2*J:B/IHI]

M?LBSF#N6-6=$&F8Z27 G*ZI0Q[!.G&^H)A(3B+-:2%
Q/GP\I$LN6H*.[F
MXLX5YYDSBCID!NG2W^\5F4&Z[


3$Q
M+GAM;(55VXZ;






MY5 T





MP










3

MATJK?6B?'3():&U
;2=L_[Z^ (&(;ON[?$Y9\Z,S&2MD.^J!-#H@[-:;8-2
MZV:#L2I*X%2%HH':W%R$Y%2;H[QBU4B@9T?B#=1M

W#2K



I6J0::E]'
MO#%P:46



M965T
3$T+GAM;)5779.:


U3'K(@/A5X3-5

CWH-N
;L ]7[_MZL,OE
MOY44+TG]N]JR U<;^=X6[\I3S7Z2\S<L/0P*-Z2FP[^W.5%&FDN([S7EI[A6
M[7 ]BS<9DF'V @#X!@PYK$'(!F K@%?9XAE0'P-2+\
^C$'<0JGX4?/)$%P
M U44!Q;,2N-:$2$7()5!_3U%% )MR98J@ADUW7Y.4^R5J#H/M.T
4)$CV*
M5!$HN4\07PAB01K/8E@IJL4H(4!RFV@E0$J;* 7'80B&VA]$W3356)T2Z+-
MH?@^06IT2ZH1)+K,3!@6F%;.YCPP1AB(2?^BPB(;T5I%I$G@,(J9X3=3Y:%

M4PV(##G]UT+5D]HR+25*I


M*3




:W4K



2#B.4)+CV:8V40<H97.0U IQ9@%
MC



@Q

*L=4*/
!;(08#8P)O!8=B
R_I'H(T<



MZN)\W2F];==._P502P


[
' \S!]N;&V]^MV?&.NM/5=;M
MBWWNNLNSZ[;[



M7S4()H- 
7#%5



 R(/L


MK*E)
6:*+R
))*IN$T6X32HU5MLT_GR;JO)&$J

XP*3);SH



B_1?])_4EHT=5[\O


7U(%TG1RA_3)7USEZ\6R9I^7=W_

M_OD?U__\]N+DT\?3\QMS?/[6T


VGV?YLOC'WZ[_^1]_BR:DF4[7?

M=X;E[WZW6;9






M^_D4W/;BX^F^9QT\
N6KB@[;!1
V


I?+ 53J=)T61W653
MD7&(=BQ15?HY7N!2^K

<%15H]])U=:].DN*!

M\YD/U%C3W&ZR^4P8

]3Q?IUM;




%?.92*Y2.Q:Q#N


S.W
;53^+5-U4BS-0ZF


MZIXV-G2&#K&UF=NI/;?V7;:DJV_WU@H]8]&6NTRMN+IQC;YLL;V4Q=[CP6C5


M$&C):

U3M[]_3%9_





M3.

MV?F2Y9MB_JST0V

:ECZ4I^CP'3:U64GT\?
M/QY?_0&

[.$;C\8T';






$)8\T. LD)S1X1UB.Q]@Y5GELPUQ
M)\M[-B2C+TA6YG&[12!.-0U#2#5$5!^Y7\*N1%=?NM2+1':ETDD&ASF-57PN
M*A.DCVN1OO&J[;]E)/3FC=?T3JV6)YU'=A8\C-;]@$GHIRG3_C#;SR&=N+9B

QQ-6._
M8)52%80#$8FD[B#9-LM')& F+4AXU'F80$*2AZ[$0TH3@**
?2-!C4.7BXR:

M

%EI#ERZ6
U31R#5JC:R#?/!*'2IY9KKF5J5.GD.-I
MOLMP0%@I\Y1O:)ZW5382G!0:3
XXQSF<0Y\@B*!2NTO
MN8_TT^9:YB

,Q]N !8-5R1ZU3/<3E-)H0^$KA]2$G)1CH
MJ[K+I$:M9N9/&](;(9KE]4\5\'I$CRV0&C$E(@.MTO5WO_22PQKJ]'UI'JR/





M#(W





B$!2S^2L_44.&WC=0_;H

H2#]8JZI+K+H


MN^1KX)^J[3%4;]RU:C/ZQ38
1R41-?






GF5K$3?P9SW9
M!7!!1ON-Q

CL%$%& J-;<;D+ZYE8B!T

MIO


M2\5Z@ )&K3@XO.31U=5NT9'$W$JA$[P'@2;0]!J8GTU D[S_1-;!HIBLTFI-




M/I1
^O59*82%($_#D))BYQL

MXIA^B;8^GA%/6&=L#+J4\XE&3WABO[@U$9G-?R\31SO\OLGBL#CA4\Y\F 2=
MK)//R)29)U.^*P


M49






(
M_X2
#M$(6^9]*89.;MV*G(QY&I]6LG+B.Q-#E

M6K+=1












7&?+ B!N7UHC_%VQ?$LY


(#K:.;!4W?A4L+AQZD*-&:V;-<[*C<LH!J8*





SD!$MNHS/3!

MK4)L

&6Q#
MAQM


^)=6^





_




MMP9A@S
Q+?GV:A.

M?1=+L5*%74/5



 12P6L!#:P-0@T;47%


M9QTK1FP0N



X%'$I3#7I
MSTFIM^E#MA1Q\7/JL!.H(]CU[CDPZ40I.'1GANB3BC Z*'%GWGT_1K[O$LB:


M'07_Z_1H2.@6O[2IZ0XD)$M$VQF3OUF*$*0S62YSI)W-HDX:[=;PL/2;;
F!

MP#FPF+







[+#6]SIS-Z+3??3C.#WCXT
YIXN]7?FIU/]J:77TLNO\L?YX!B_DB:

R@YK(I]KMM1A6Y]05'(Q?08AF-R5VNGM1XL[DR-*--]

MT&3U0

\5XI];8+=:[R-R^T]9FG+&- Z+AG'^EE<U77.$;<2Z


4BDC\K?^


MW+^.


MC7:[ ?N(&K7I=34K4[DW:[=.W2-FIXC::4=$&H26*/L_BJ+A7/25!W]S3MER

U*Q&OPK0T7B:&
UQ]S$^M3 @
M%J)D2/L$MS5^?EIGMGJ;--8 0Q+7MG[<,;A!4U[/N*-G@QI\.HA=4883)M(


$%Y0&.30-8J@89:.-^(E&'RO8Z'3Z+ZRD+6A&Y[#'![ C
MU&V#!X9
W]
@%









M?-


N=86CN-!A+9









VYC
ML1M#N_X-7(7]7['\C=X QHDC@[N\01?UN&Y*@;X_;'8G7986:5HTH8AHVD-E


)*'\I5OUZ/MQK]CI=Y</#

M?A@R5C!#85+RZ:QL3 ._;+?:UC KG[]]$FWP6[H=8*CLL(FR1P+.:?WQ:I




V(KF1T['
#(+^29 VQ_S;J#[4M
\R\8*U!9E_)
M36BC7!1)78P
86$])0&[.47I


M%+V]M]7R%/?%;4:1ALG%D@3(NVS%&L8XS.EP^E727.4ML0$+U!U*'%5-O;S$
M?GF+Z.5E
RL%:9[Q7:,H


M%BV^WE5:+=.R\CPU4RCPM=IWL=*
-Y#.HA7W9MN:4UQ+-HQ
8YL**WLBCO!)

M._Y@SLX!?

M#Y^J#K9?W^(W09^-Z&B_T+4Y-GMT7MN(B/6Q/#[73QXOP \0_2=V-3BLE:V
M;(KB%S=WA48PG$O.-5,4[3B,PPM+87]DEY%BP$]18B*SU7AHK CZBIDM%0&



V=



A9WJ:CE

M
O_P6#WP!UAF&#NU#BN_2#1#4U9%[-Z3$'41
97TU\XPR-; S8-S*;BGS3IU
MO3+





M@0C7X)8T

71NK#

'*!4=DEJK&+

M1K4N$RL5

3S6OT[A[-F

M#TQCR%%]*$S9)_4@7H.PV;K7HUJ,OZ:W3:=+D(0QU#'!P@=0,^EB:H;3@5
M53)84& O!]W1'/J







M.DF%JBY_\Y5(B2C]XXB!;1876FR($\:D:GEQHR*K5)I@O.%5$_DZX/+0K&K
M\C9=/\%[$= 5$U$T8J^#J@G#9[+!JS@W6


MHQ

K
MR;

M&9[1-\UQ:=5@:QU+$1HA_IBU

M'K=*[(R^A8R[@])H7D7%G=9D0F


=I?7LM+=M


MFPCHP%BD R-UT]0?4QX



3VCH(=P)WE_0V^3#FBC2-
M =K3X)2@%6G$IH#H3_L_Y0A]




Q9KY!I36
XL$!=_ %?
O/K@@5Y=M:V[*R-4?;P);
S3GJE)OOL




AE
M8:Z?
@Y?2  L]4L:9'ANQ%I7VG0UWWEFPZ[NN8T

M/=




MKK0:'59Q/9?JO6(9+)#V


JMIFQ(T^7I*BZ3%/S
M\?3X^M/5J:PM9Z&ZS-/KF^

MD72@CDL+DI\]U9=W?_LVD'RDIK-@V!6.X07QWC]NM07 M@$#ABT;/JI\$H-H



EA)2!747\JI0CRQZ!8YNYZDDA[F6,=6K3Y./?
MZM!,D=+%7\:K4$CJ/%U9C-S@A(*GAU01N&!U?W\=J5:0.'F2VM1O]7E26W-

MDB%R/QZ)T7A-V043.VW(?F63E7X7?N:]PA12%.]+.RA8](&.&P.7=4HP'H

M5


MZO7S'JMU.GU89G_:6+ HXB-9;@M#L772UP8)?+UL\:MD;55R;$*XNMEK90V'




MDL(#0#F !-EMCZU=RN=7JK=.A*?WKR6Z+)#\




M'

MP_TWL)E(!/O-41^$8-;EVS&H]94V)6GL(*[.6


M=L


U/]0
M.@-1XBE&-)))3P319,R&_7%9O)8$KJ  9(R2Q4YT2CR2F[=OTAHQ:&U9
6

M59QLFHHSNK!$)H[II&8@&'PYH(1CP+J=('_3U]ZD]] 9)+M!2&M!Y' (=1'&

MJR7)Q!V@:$974+-R+2N.3@6M*4#NC' @?-NXKS,,F#,(N_7^6;1Q9G)(!J

F0G(8VO
9
M5F!$1*VCB$]M
03HX;HL2RDM_6QM/9&5B*%).61;KP17L\






M-GCS06\4ASGS^1
,R_
MV.X=OD%L8G[=T\QU*AD$!VSY^@'1 3W4%85;Z(<@+3(BTNYPPM#\0],9P[,-
M3[\%0?#?H;%A!THO'+\_F!N#6UXIV!..0].Q*X+:JX*F^WR?*S9:K@)V 5
M))9-,RVCQ%6C!!=ULT9=-;Z@XLULL1T]FB='C*M P_ 37-J);2H/=L((+0[

M_+=JH2=F+*
+D


\0JFIDMB0_(-.
$+!1J7S




G5.#3I?S'F@T(C-VN








MGUTB?#%\;B!Z^'^04R:UL;/#%)+@#+C9T:%6=:C(X]@Z35#VH51_0-C?D8

2TX'CQ!#4-1J9@SU2
U$6ZUR5$AI+0.?O%7N.4X[FVIE.M6J
MMV-7[%+2'3#+2^U@/P\
H'P#H23U(3XA($\MP(44!W00



;PDX93:FH




]ZL0*WBP5E$?LY%^\JUBTU1SL-I15M'TD$1




S&AL*JJ1J.Y:(
H%3S-*B9HAN-O&
M*.96RW09R+_FO(1P6T1%WCTIB:Q6SLE682(7_/.MFGA(D07%FI(SXJ#2WWO

#.!A<@PBTD<122P._VU#CG::Z'KFRA85;
M%5& XW)[K T&Z&/1,K/(WQUU@H33^)&!R*Z.+JF)
R8$TB?M$)G@2C%V-$A



5\%34@
M$J(S[B
IBV7W3KL\&A_4[D$'6N;270G^?K3-TL#Q/0MY,I9:EDA'2H+4V$]
M(.*#F3^'#$T582V032QD


/TD?X
MGV5?(5G\:I8&$^9P
F) .H&HZT&VN=B1K\YIGS]6\?!#M'A@S[1'DLQ^Y#ZC

@A
8]#I(P^Z







1N^?\.@=5:G8U
M=

_SHGO/_W?
+'7:XXQXGV?&%WOLL)[U@8
M6OW8F5##?=@R:X]VKPO@/R*L#J@3UUC[-=?U0'%/V@JH5W.P


&!BRVX?6PVN+6GB[





MU_[1J5;)\
8B

0PYA][

M=0MF:89NC

M$KGZ__I=B1P]8#6;0?ZH[DX

M-B+?N(2C/%K('#P@3 8V1;


M&:Z[^M2)LQ
)06L+?#-4U_V/F3+.G;LCDXXN!& ZZRE-M2\(SXO!C
'@ZA

.\95?84^KM!RT&-X!SM
;4 H=GH1%7D=QCUI(2@A8

)538P_)2F*EA'5:
M8[Y+I
4)@'T^S^?


M




MG7%'C'*MT1A6% AJ8


/TS:H=C&=%




MQR0U9HO-@MD4C$T25O'5YNXS;O::QEMD4Z_RV1931WS?&B=2G0AMYZ@C+FY@

OY2'Q0
M'@YP5\-19OES 

ZR_N!G-(=(P\9F;8=,X0;HGV7?.S--SH-CNHS'N(5H8#$NNX9D6_
MW1H




MGH




M:NJ4

.P@



9)@$.:9CAV\93:


MWZ8
VS^ULDRBM=Y555/AX!(-X]UK#:Z0/8(\ZSU;C(;&DA003KOF[0F1;;




M;JOA6H(1)(*
=*'BN<MG-EKE$!*+3;T:DTN1K
M/P \DD@+*4/@BNG(V:;KRUCFPDD%KW/C42@),#ST2*)-'BT0B@D@R^RS:+E
M6&JX=Q9EM[0




MY7CAX6D^@QV]B(B! _H6BL%3T*9)4E?.7DF= V=GX=?3#R9LO%1#N\(776






^9?.T


G
O\$

&C R08



C
1AGQ(:@?F.)IP

97(-LJA]6'=6Z6_
M
NLGZ7+2'@M*3J

MP\!:W8)5#ZT88E^PB4 [[FX5$?:ZP4%&QE4MD=%;/5B+OMK

M]'O#;3CWBD3Y@NIB%?O=LY'@@T%S

&H+Z ]
MC8&<35&-M^=+@+YR\0]KFGV!UL3[1ML=CAT??VTN\I7,@$G'\,EHQL?0:<
M\3GYP4;:.@')GGGZ-*M)UW+YG \ADY.GWLC_=#GJP#?#NQC'9TY38LX9L].

,=+K .1-$5LQ5]=-KA76\)3P3(+I+/^22Z_F  1M/H
ML][0Z#/H3Z/'W.=(I
IZ$)X.Y^QT^L#H \18VT#D @P.'?*^8G7AOV&EA5KL


&I?4#@Y(BE*:05*(B




MGQ)OS)44XVG.-XM_DKS$/C FH




&4J!\2#



M=Y/FX


(T9
(CBE


M&401




B
MP/AZ%^[U:\6MMMF&OV/=/6[(DM:8Z7R47HA.) ='H36R@
1-NJ*YD%DN%DY;
MU2=:/2A\VN/4Q234%P
X$!I30-*(?CJL#
;T2*%N=PXI;OKPI20N@P?N
(


?U



MMBVZ1X339(
0D
X:L;O&@$U1=?%#[;NQ%OWK8_@B[/IAQ;(
'XL/E_WH0@
M8ZY90U 0KL8 '3A
G7%G;Y!AGT80T(RH$WMKX)5@=3:!(9)TJCVQ-
^7=[NM

M7J *IVJ(4$1.1*L7DDO/3S5']--',C79CT_HJ/RP;-TU.!CAK\CHZ2D&(:

MUP@8A5


M8R3H(
^

M
8TI3=5W-2PK==G;\T^?7U%ML-@ZTZ5L';=&TK\/\)XM?9EMGNN0%O@4O93.

M(DDHPVP?C+L 8)8-7)PN_

MAA+-+&YIMIEUB1/@+
$/ J1KH2


@\]29I(?N\_


MANR(\;A04VS33;96^!/%[&H R)D7 L




8U[2G)G\Q=?]V96T#C6P/7'C61U%A/(Q;

MWI)0(7TUS=%8:Z


M V2(Q_[)F1D@/GVG83[/J2DQ1PT/[BXG+S*6DY7P\/RP!N0_BLV8[986W)7%


C64O)(N[_/0JY/ 
UYRE$@+.'?I$



M%J!YXPYBKZ1N-HT=2_7$K A4R8ZR; F7P=;4**F+]B)5*MZ$7+QSXBVA+_


M



^Z(?B_




MD(-]8?%+F8F:
L,X 3@BL


M_M(20IA=#M8
#$SFZ74C
L$BY\4$.(5:5X/C:W&NY1$Y(?RJRZC:I


#*%*UD@4_LUF9]U_MGN-LK
M14MSF^.W$D  9+;?
SZJ4]LP-0?GIK6:J3SE3$6F8X-O*')U[:DX


#!GD^1(91
ME4IU]&OQ8G0-$FP.]U

M9J*HJP%^CHJ^A)P) &&:1J^D%R*C
^(#9%


'#1%^3$0BL!;YKF
M%;_=8X&WNL;.Q $##W.O3ZH'-4=T2X;+N/A+//2%BL:3#%CNIV9U95D9*A
-A%-K*+)G4TE5?T<%NI@A4*/)887^@I1T!

.;7R9L6LMFD)U0G;AZNV

M+]WF!2

MX@TQCX2QGO+)G&T2/.[$@$F^$[+Y;'51X1*0(VBAWN@^G.UWYM]XC]^5F$

&E\[JZ@JNI(O[$%1# X?M**YM





PIGG_]




M8=*_A8'N'$SM(TW/WGR^GEKV .X_







LC3D2\V;KW;7Y:X[!J1R3#C)6KM#P



^[GZ



M$00=*V/_;G5P7NHLN95+=TLSO^UBV GH&S[O61C-!7%BU


DOZ\^7%*




M%HFFL6Q&$QV[0MH(F@/*:*S@B6[+R99ON;@WYX UWJPFP\=A6WE0K7+G:5
2<(-Q1Z(N@.H#K%<=8Z/M;'NG%L



J;%5E!\



QKW 
VW.

CH'X%Z[NL
2P0[8B0I7Q=%0$'6+ G/TN!I]F((KZ6(W7T#P#K@@
MZ/]O5\O
Y:H2PI)TE .)HUVWR1A5-S.*I!RV=D4Z*I6%(QTAH;[I1CK_Y?/G



P^EKT\@FY)H%O\
K/W+08

S
[DV&MZ#[(T

1MJ/Q!J+M<4DM17H



0O)$+X/4


M!YN?3



WQQB36.&$MI]7+F(+&#@9-Q9QUEVM##Q*5JA07#K

M?X$P$G[X'&O;/8T![%F&)/)\$!08)KQ9ZV1
Q[CY/KUCSY?)!(]K+G7 (([(
MGQ=:JSI5([LWCH8$4!;


IC

M/B@%
=)T26
F$\6:\;VE5$VQR.+BD7HO;,NR8[J^




MY4JI4]P!3W=M-#4




L)\


M_TFLCG








*7)^XK5_DXG3D7(3ZL?1?$Y=6J$U[NX5Y161U@
ME4*8#F[O@QW3R]!:*-Q

M1$-UVMJ?=MNYZ&(==??!%CW 0R/Q?4B;&^@CRP.]1(M)W(JPBV(;\Q%3I*3T









MW'2B3*/\8



M.NN2D@Y?AQW@X89U?V@:1J(&
0'T-@H\H?AB'G-O9X^8Y:Q1Q((S-*_:B.4_
MN R@A


M@N\ )&!.US.G4(JT$Q 2K2Z


V.!-Q2_3I]
'C;^:%E
M4R

\MW#IR(;]R=ZOFZH1%ZX\/: H9C)99X8.$4J4^[]MP\
.-;


M4%:.]E8YNQW&AZ9B

YL:
MN(=;U-N+Y=W2VZ0K112_

V

MWQV&6YW8\YQ^IWI]B248BAR.-MYS(7E;Y=UB)_FX$J1#4..(&
B1%%F2+\OW





M2R3_*W:;%M5YU/]PKY(1D:WJ5-.AM)
%[Z.AIM#8;X5\JLW?U4C=8O.R0?&Q




Q


^\$!1BF-(^*'VU8E[U3/)@I[<.G)2!NQH8P;W.2\W*E8\R^98L.1]



CJ:YF/HK;/Q!]L]LNN-4'J FJ
MO[G+6MUR@7/9[G]FZ(PH98'F%PN1&


I.)P] EWM%










M6[




M=V[;0S3-K;3K[$1MB7D3X+0%Z.O2Y6/2VV;P078T4Z[GB@]E)F FC9W
.Y

M67+*#BV9UEKF)@82/G$@*7+$=K58

M[]/US#$16T0ALZGX8#8ZQ6;U=
AK2/<$FY%\ZR5W5,[CBM !M1W7]]U$N)13+UV@';$*6&GLNZ:
M :7U5(P%M;4N\GV \21%BII)@^8-$U=XL1.



\R(


M)I;H[+?YY4I1MDBZ9 ^K'U;8 





M


-:F]*5T%#L1^

M@%F;9A'$:D!H+S8?$


MO6P@1#H#Q;8K7SE(O@
]:1%_S
(39HQ



MZ)^1PRL;4?09CD_&1W=\3%[VV%X_=NE$


D/]F:/N_AU.E_!W=





&GD1%

M]@8^'Y3Q5G+1S^M+!#1;=/6?);YY?M2DI-4KZ#W1MR1H6-Y_D+CAQ[)T[54?

N6[Q)$#[ZIDI
M5X)(I;.HSH+V-#(;#_4.#.O<ZZFGI'%V87F1#WHP_BLA%RG/DP']!C]<V;6



/F
JY$!1I[947KY).D4YH?\[

A/!6'@E*D$*N+ZZO]IVNRQ%;!CN ;&-.&TO2<!-.]
M8FS[QK[-*(MJ9XQI()VB0S3?W/NWW<LW.@_B
?4NTC


M![77&Z!W'


M[6Q@M[
!:EG@1VYGM R;(DM*_OW@/256VZ[10':TY%%;VD

*JM&';OGX0-OW?8#N04R?<WUM=!E=/C7

M5ZAOI U]X;]U+[VLLE?Q3=A&^

M(YB
UZ%=-PQ0XN!?O:*U3JQY?35$VC/B0S

D5:PK(FT
M
A\
@K+D=YN\% 7


 9((-(*NL=4.6L+W#M4AIM




N
_.V5N5J+Y



*1

MYI];G

XM!RXT$^/SAH077P'^
D#;W)



3B.8D
24B #:2B/&E@WMT
@R*:('\.AE(!*





M%.9_]3(9O[286#8=F$W-AR^3DK^^(PP[I?:M)V@)2ZN*E^;T-==7K0@W!E
?




GH8MRN@^H^C:CH=(O/2#M1HW;NB87GEK(/)2)V?.=%
@+8R2G\UB



M!HF8=G =\74V\NPRJ3DR8C!#Q(.46%?#I@T:%BY#UCG;FO\'

1F+NZ;OW



6M

 .&V12



M@
M$/92=


+;4'*[JKO97]\79I



M$8O)D#;*%SS 0H
F]_-Z

M

_II)1W
M #/;1DXD5W-B#B=).4J'(T0?&)W+C.J/.M)Y.B+ 7&E.B\(]9V;VC!3(Y3PZ


M!R.(%(71S2M7%;
!H9^ 9#[*PZJ
TW)$U1MY')-]W5)0
3!]:A;A =RMW.Q



487:*O])&=



5=S0U.NM1%:;M%-ZZ4;)VN#%

!_!]#FFQ? ^&3$B3(+!B926N1N58J&#GD7B#@RY#

$0.4K^'Q_1AIF.%5HQI
0Z! !&

M;N@Q(_M/!C2KG4P&W=?;1]!QS1WX9#*R]RO.!OHJ\9VE 2RQ )CNHTY.#V^N
M2LO


M\O;$DXVR)&![=RM!43-S=H#LNK=;*.TV+@($&


MNOO7-[7^:JLKV0!3YY_4L$FK*8?1CM+=EQYC/HJ_'S&P)).8Z=&KQ@.Z-/L(
M ]T2*@9LL1T'^2BCF1J)S@=X!$+0$B_W'1'@UDU

M^832-=GR=9@G

1


5$V%



$AE&





-Y* J



M;1^^%;?:O^]1+!_X&!WQ+_20?Z''/%Z%7X$'_@LY\OGF$E-0V26O_EFOPR0
M,];52P*5G. B#N!;YU;QXN!=,,@\W#JE2



MR4!P6DW
3C))7F)3&=/-.AGQ$RE!S$HH^64%)^T7-4)LI@O$SL_5F@%PSWP

F_7ES;V@2HG9M+4#?$5VX%:9ROTC
MCMD.P#3?B)L .
6=3B ;WA)



YI?)7TXAC\S
J?E

UMAV8+SW+X\]PV\M)+G817*I44YN;!&F*3SG ZF5



3WH*;K;

M_CXQA[$1Q'8;]?2*P-LAO@7GZ)2 7?=VJ+Q'4)_DBS=#@N\%+ LDO7 /+:]U



EV]^:MA+[%72],@+)4MQGRY!L:M;@=.X
MALZW0RLGE4$49(=@YW




M9WA%I$4^OSWC
7:ATTBU; I5G.9

YB$9_!@$PE)@=Y/F1PGT/;%:]T!K5P:&Y%XK.H





M0


MOAM6.$S?!Z6^1HS@6H#)[P1I\'7RKIXQLP-Y+A-! 9A(N$*5P]C-MHH&MT)?
M%UCA^80QIR=CU\J


E $1Y6,0)N*!5R;WV:^EF.


3Z9 =

7SP&

M_E& 39(#J'ZWX1S$


O\ K@5\760

M[-OM:9#+UB&]2QX @+]U]6XX%\WQ2/]?GB(#L:
+%RXY6!#.;.!_63T T'JF



]

M2W&05@

ML@7ZSH9I-93TP&S$+;&0MY

M2FP=%3?KJD!5CJA]
8+%N2!\2#$8.9UBH^.U:E0/0403&I33 27A(D40Q
1L
MOFK7KT/7K)&J;\V0






M

MBV^)MZV*VY:/:'MP[SE.SSC;1_G7U0!)V0-Z94=U@=N0)P61)&P51XI\4Q28
MML?5Z(.IC1&^=O/%3! ;;:#1'7:'=K7






M&^N0//IU(XY-_S;U





$N
J=]1EZ6 \LKY0)/NTQR&@N&.DIHOR\NAWFI_[
M;'K5FW!#YIX69L4B9T.RBRLRENUHJET4R-33+GDO]6+E1P -ADREP@#9#C
M1GXZ


MUJH!@Q!)#?;CUYOYVG]ZM]JMC5S@/CX2B.8QX#-BP#-2=YJK];Y
+6QNF98*


4%4B%*D@
M+E+&\(JWG\]?*_0IW!:C3
+&AA)#ID%D\C+4WT;R25@2B\S!I?);\7Y4E=P_

*^1LF\\C?/]A]1WO2_W.7*MEL3+0



FD)R7?8&
MF80U.#1Y?M1HUE3N0C9&[%=4M$[Y=









MKNL'HQX_=E*T2HI=92*^'-UUTRUA=P[IV3Z2P4
L'774/_BP8V8_PDUO+^9+
MEW)V5J^)

M0WPXGVJNA5%LOP'(:W$/@7NU(Z#-P2W-;J4M%X]*H'NJM5_-?91?& /%IF
M#]-SXAEJQ:!O3S)(G-? CEFV=2?!5?GS&H+RZNJJ=:
-4U&QO*WQFH6+.00%
M



C62:
A?]!S



MG;O'$P;SA]7J5X]#\GC7]L^87S S

 TKP
M9@EYIWYHQ%M$QJ\N[O]A_VK*.H

M
]*'=JD 5]@(PBYJE!B


!0( X

N










ML^DX9]U?[GMG[EE84L!T^]ZGT/HQXRFZ;=3P4S.W7UG!_ Q[23 1WXL\=1CX
M=DBV'.C


PNIY&T6Z&MJ5'?
M59W!
*(O6BL



M3?O*%N[L



M'&:E,4H[6+89+SQ!DHT2


MMVQ4!Z:&;D1&

)F
C_[Y#UWL

MP C]U6;YU-B%G$+=Y)7%4-U@B=;#ME]N5[@L?)E[NL
OE^=RE
I1633Q7A

M)E@BP0R
M

MHB30;YE_H\]@@KW[Y^/1U



G





M69N0.%W\Z4[MC(W 9 -_;KL0C8H4)5ZS;+@

M#8S'T(*TBU07#(6.BJ/D;U0 MI.JO'?*]C\C9IDC_Y#@UTT
O?6E.E(RW3-F


&Q9F$G

M'HA^)&[[I8'FV=
)GI[L.$P_ZA[M.
KN!.V.;3;C\@!4 G;
;\^&2OSDRUPT

MOCQF2[BH

&DPNE11_8B

5
MCD!)9#TQ7UD-V1]
-:%)JR5/AII X 6SM9CJ#E2ZA@1#D!:'JC[F S_*RAK
M=WA =()D%)#E5$+G$5&M
B +I!3504L;6W+1^&3)$KUA^-9%^!FOJE5/DJ@
<;.
M$#/YAN#SG#%CV!&ZJ

9#^


MX3';?9Z


M_%XK'R;75HOOG /@;[-W0J7/U\'@[\#G7R
8=_;+*FD[0

M7;JF]


M/U)+MN$(E8T%C'JO
-*7XJU$S3=,*/3$/8.L^C'2621(#+H2-=KVZ3?OES





 T



M38.3MX+W&D*%UVRUJ]PVN@8ZVVP%M_WJH^2,X8PUGFHY^J)4G^Q0E0;;&Z


YZ%%7V0EA:<R4B%F
M!O*,@E&MUO=RC\[#;8MCFJ,L6M-WSS^M$@\GIU;=Z.NE#&C^U5RA80?DA_5



M7EQU+V2$B?+P


L^ BPJ4S(6\RE3U5-@ -R#;




MT%$4P^;E95_UKZ+V!4-?-Y:-963'?IFB('Z/GCHDYH_UGK^;UM5__I/=AKT@


X]Z?+8]ZKZ0X78KM1AA[;[4;I?4JW
MZ[;7H=RNRRW/X-92@.
V1

.+. .QL2 ?!1&8)+$[RNG*D@OOGVFNON)NSO'

MR.V&+Z7LE!/)WO3YH7L:HJ%JI\



K1'


*X KZ5OGYD9:QB5
SFVTKN2R6X3
M7:L]?6L$


#!6ENQG=
M(%X
GVR;9,3/7C%%6IQZ(;+-[F_^#Y NE*(4X
TU!H(:LS75:O3]377E=$
\I0^N_PQ?(%C

)MSAK35B
MSQ=HQS1B



M?*M++(+#Y4X:504_0K@IWV)1Y8RZ H[@XWCRC3;VY,3ZH?Y?Y^BKV[/-?%

]PT$11GFVLQ
NNSFX

*H0B1E]8U^6Z






=+'C
L]9F'21
M&6$/91S%+Z 5K:\5DG=/<41+ Z1C%V3G=X?PU#(%D;3#[=UN5Q-O6]6192HX
M;Y^IS:9FY#\4N[F/EDH.M<CNY$&N(309?@%G\$;?.L^UYZ'D'R*&MIUI HF
M?5!@TNK
-*$.8O]6#1GIYR926*_4!+NX('.UB^54


M3&8B_
P[M





^!\
M


7
&/6&?($?QR@@U%MB2L[L1?7=#&J21EJMR5
MZV+


M+A:Y



 /KBK)H=XN[




*CVJ&Y@



E=^JF%EQGYX0HH:ZI!(\7#VO
M&:5?M9.&DZA!A#QQ'L4%_-?5X*R+B/H?%47R?%2'HI/K5/0*3B3WG4==AYP.
MUE-[/9BP6\'^9Z;VZJ&C0#HK1I4RG
31$7$#UNK0 FEVA6TA4KQP4V
MG+U
M=3O



M




;LT6

M


M^F _WG/M.&45OL-DJQWVG#HQCT

M\RDM;WWQ_Q-7E.2B8W@(.-](.=Y^RF^]6H_Q%A^+1^]\ZK5^^ #+:


M?$F/Y;.WWQ0P7;]NZ %LIA:)'6

4

M5'EP97-=+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %R(WDA(=07NQ0   L   +






M&^)
J @  .4C   /                ;07  !X;]W;W)K8F]O:RYX;6Q0

N4Y)P  #D0  &               @ &)(

M P  ? \  !@              ( !6R


M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %R(WD@D=C], ,  )8,   8              



&UL4$L! A0#

:^]82[!@  JB0  !@              ( !\3H  'AL+W=O





M

  !D



MB-Y(I]S?$Z





MKIVA 0  L0


M970Q.YX;6Q02P$% 
2$/C(6C 0  L0
  !D



C 0  L0,  !D              ( !(F,  'AL+W=O<FMS
M:&5E=',O<VAE970R-RYX;6Q02P$% 




M
YX;6Q02P$% 

4







!2D%/K @  D L  !D



&UL4$L!

!7OC7Z!   PAL  !D              ( !\I8  'AL




M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %R(WDA'P]7)C0
  


O










@'   9


















M:&5E='




P*
M!   @A0  !D              ( !]0@! 'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970W
M-2YX;6Q02P$% 







4


0'
&UL








YX;6Q02P$% 
4















M1P


4




YX;6Q02P$% 

M=#$Q

4










GGFZ]E+KMQR2RPC=X==GZ\



M]![7.:!7(8+-^+[U-V5O(&B\=&@G'^FOT86!=S QC'E\\=CP7OB%X0^





MLO'^\YV'9W
;O?O(GR+

Q





T_WX4$?5I)]KM?
MHLM6TOV?'PM?%P_R8\$HVZ3L:D':
T&&%Y#%R'?-'ZW'5P&U@*H:4/6$? 
[




K


MH.I%(&BZ_6NZ9N!

Q=I#^1Z5\9OF$O='8;LD6[D)INKN<==X9TBBC
M K+H'-#29 /.U.+LP4$)PVG \((=?B3BP_B*&B #.P]TJ(;8#W%CF-C&/D8:
MUT:NAV 5C@ Z%:'SPF0

NLS580FMXCFZ.TRU%!36C*R/;5U3UL-J.<E=QM<6

M6U!44@- KEB5GV'ZSXC
PMQR!RRE&H 21HDS#3QFN///['/?M?8U5F+#6:8
MBHAM%20V\U' L#30L.SYR (P+#H8EH:#! Q+RRQX?(Z&)8&&I8]=Y@!PZ*#
M86DX2
PM ,22E*LH$2:I$0:F'M&V7@R^S4E^D0PL#. :8J%3B#UFJDUFK8

1/.1+32FDIC6U)



6=+2
1*EI \@U#G*[
H;*:P  2XW#4J.K!A3X
M7PYQD%.VP0B8*EQ6&J@]Z\TRP20:QSD=G9XYMIX\=:QT!@[V$=W^!59MPY]
M^P2_V.C\Y#O72Z^&G^ZY

1^

M5D6$MR#JQ$J^1\[!)9BTML$E^4FB9F69#_XQ:N!;8-JXAN7C P;)3S)93A

M1


M2)AC?3/F;8=%GM(V:0M%8 !ML4=MH8
YN7)G



MEQX1
2F=]ZZ/O.L W: 7$AAD


MK55'I4S8
T&&%Y#%G6O^T%?_E+-;

M]%_

??

M'[AW7SEGJ



XT<=X9Y9Z%+U[&\


$]OT






[=1:W
7MBV=SVUT@Q%G_


M^(^VX7C7V#-MUPLH.W]%ANU/KRAGKUS/?R9TF&R9TDL5?5N(7$S0B8;+:



M[CRN $1JC

M:2MM Y VS:1-XY

MIC$TDR/(6?!)O%RP_[_P/.1?&3Z:N 2CK/2(SF8C9 8$^SCJ\**A:(*)TT0T
MRYFX:OQ;BOM4;ZQX(/Z(S@-A2$X51+K8$A=%%A0'+FI#ZK35$ +4:@56

(;4!BP^ZN)T@URU!8Y



J!PFB+PNBN\ZZ9P@!/74N%P=KG/B'#YK_=.J_(

MBP\* Q1&6Q1&=W



ZB_

7 NEO+O.\6)
ZN@Z^9009O'I1'TY0'U.EKHCP:4J</RJ/AR@

/[YBQ$R





3BJ

M0=HT3J2! (
 Z^T


M-#LLB+!DWRPAU2P)Q'EO@48UOQ!9'N;+0[B3N!$EMF:1=-KFZ!3$M67B







M\KF]B%I*+-@\E38/
 5V3[7= TR![5-M^[[2@1%LV$^(OLS$-G4U^$7M!=9J



M-&6 %D5HB?P/RD##;J5)*B01\*






^12;AMVF
MHSKR=&UP3(=ZK.A=-PI8@=6%LC8)L-(]&Q0?) NJ9._P2)VJFE
+:L\
+K5&


MFS)4.36JT-O167-F&)31@@H9I+/BR[HZ:26V:W_Y=\


)=7Z
M7'OY\H?Q-1HC0I#U;/R\\#S4)01NP YP]@%6^L.J#O=_1S83
-9DC#79BBH/
M2P&*389B.P)5P%B3








M^^E+$'$

MO*)E871)BL)6+4]!=^0&M:G
Y6*;



52@X
%V2XK3*\-@
U)0@M
M2\:P2?B*+7J;E9T%+:5M?5IJ*UYT%)$JPPX H0X@;&B1


M&?FN^4-?6*TD-77D2Y[6%J@AY8!(3AAY-#5TMCCOU6F-+5X%A)-P!%!LHS


$

!$QKPY3Z0MI!.Z
M+P-LLV

M+7Z*



[=)-F4I

MC7]$Q*0$WKL^\JX#])OA! 99



MJ4'0/F^W7Z
MSN:$Q8]L3;@CTG%A6Z!Z'?##GC1T(5MNV^LYMA+R@L]4?RY2P5.D:$.H7/

MO+0[$%K#@F[!YYH5D#K$CGT#Y^Y-XU]DS;]5A=9
&O&33QDOI'EXHB\C$1
MM73I)V5NS^V[NS$P83. +A?QG[]28!C$G[NTNR
Z^*K[EUYH'O\0LT3BIM





MPH#



6W1
MRC0HCX8K#RA^Z:1W#2H&5$P;_9/N+IAIYI\T9'4

M54QWUQ7U5S$-66H$%=-P%0-UA @?)HD_)@/42^.=A'ULBGOWB
=?YBA
R






(#5.P
M;7M7=#H
V[NS\]'=$[+IO%K4]?
7S\1P/

H%2A(ZXE%)85
M079!=O6573HJ^B)
!X)HW$(C@0O'NG%=RT/D%=/OQ/6M%NI-6 #2#M*N5MHO

$@P3K+L'@6N_+M0:9

167Z5^1/72LYU%/^%J%[8X9B 2ZZ

]-!+;_
@8;/52NBM(Q=P59_6.XGLC#N;&UYG5%LAV5W&&4/64/648BS88@Z

*2QOG


+Q8

A2VPU0;-QDJQ/H

KM&+


M.\=8@W9 J








MTO@^+





JL.

KI&')P[?


M 





L0^@'

U2[V (&LE
MR-U


65[G07AJVX9AH-$7(
MOW--640N7@UL&R\V&KO$

M=94)T@#N-+C3( W@3H
[W3!I2




MCXV%^*OYTE!*A8!

P%VHN'2L'


% PQIHRJ=/.3X) .89I3E4!+U


78)6\&L;(GXAAS[!OV

[
MC.F7B_!XD2=D\S9JWA3/BRN7PPOUE89F'1^^W;04E%1GYJ6C'M5&)F3S]?AO
MCFFC9_=EX76Q\JB0^A;HY@U \X28B)I^P!;E6!%A#(W_#BC@$6'Y4NR9!EO!




M6=0@LZA@7C65E
#!0DP^?WO*@FO&]QFC7[#G'@WZIY_H!=%CHI]23V;/*7KL




M_48-=





M&O ;TX-

-:/%[
6UU;R6
M*N4OMR/QTLSC^4OC$


.8_C5S;JH.QI])(



.^*


MA0/:9LC;L38UY)-50SZO


C'=$U$O^EG^V


?#4_3
M6*Z5HGWQK;H2D

_/#_.)S17C&G[



R)W 21J7I016.(+M_9TK-#SL8[](EQ'UC5<*1B@9QI/^<;[^I^#M
M
M3NL/$2]DY5RT-Y!^?QV7FAMRH/(3/





^&]

M;0L13VRY4C5V.38ZES$NOSXSNOPV/55CDW=5GDMK#OEWKV';)L4PJLF1K-OQ
QM_B<AYM





MHDAB6%GKI61\#=
DMU-.:]80W.O PZV\$;G;-K6S)])!!MWDZ ;.B=P)_&!X


^FC0UD
WT88]RS


;W:/HYM(LMQ3



MR]AZV!O'QK7





S




5Z)L

MTI%T=?EO^;






MT]5\;
5-.56](^F
IJIX@J*4+]^/$;QXV
(&682;.3TO

M*6.U/?$-X.$RPN4S1VLC_!K-1T##_+HWS;B^V.=3%C:^[_KFM#W4 ^%O3D


MP^6.F_M'EUY()9%PI1^R[XJIHEII+#AO)2]O&P]T8S)#*:B%P()DL*00-QAC
MSF&E%P:FS[O57-&[/*9%/0_YM[


8
;?FU
M[=M$8L/HH!:2Y




M7SS:AN/3QS%PS^N*7.1CO4X'4A.C\D-41EEU&RT?Y'5*9ZT9E%6$H^1]G)P



KM%++6Y\P=D^P\%06N0K
SP5!%5'HGQTSL'QH50E





TPWHS4_(1/1!+W8]D)1\DY
\366&IH6Z@4N[L?G.339 J(


((KXE;N_]'?



EEIB-IT3R








M) WEX[P
0%;

M\UV
$U^H2B?TTJ_8MKWW/6K#/O0
Q^H9MMWSHJ;!3!MCI_




8$9.


A.!J9.\0YBSW&9BK@QP



\F1)6K

MG6P*PTNY*%$;)VHF+?X4$L_NG




/^E
3C@
J'4QX#&9=TF(3_3 S
M?.K\N8F5


V
9:P]U([J0^^9O@93-]?D^I*^U(NTD==[
SSJA/IL
M-J@F
FS%8*/SS'ABIL.)B 5T+ G-'WK
7U'[]DPHTKLD-%A3C?0+ZH&R D1/
A(2BLRPLIR*-6<








VS2RP-X4

MC[

!4K=(7T$NSU
M/#96)-)88DD0S=FU+PM^:_1^
/:KC?T=9=[[WF6 ;9;3H_
1=]874Y


M'/IZA$@LFN]S4N4+J1)&-)PPEK9\I2J1]?R=\8^!A\:!W;.9@7U/98E^32CU

1Q8[I&=HB(4ALG/4;%$
M3B*E+S(

;Y
MMHS2(6.YVM'U53./D_NA=Q/D*3#$3F(A&RQ+)IS!EV(9[+'4D
TLVMSU%#OI
H<





M#M
@9
$+PV9

@IJ)ST@


HZ#4^J5:;L8+@L+/X&H31W$

$3RQ.LZQ]%+!:;B!


MDZUY+.%@. EY#M&'%LV@A5@M+DONX/&2Z714.^'1RDD)@09?K0Z)EZ6_QA

4'B)VYD%4Z

F(.?9BS$L[ZV#!]EW1K
M

NQ0 _ML6%YA1IDP1$FG((HN$B[
M*QBFEJG
-_[X;AO5($A<^JXMCOA:PB&]<K]S_=4Q4VP9_/%

=&_6XVL:&F$.%X.&*^CI$$


ID-$1B


5%1PH7T^J6KA0HM1 ?9&!8(B'*9F&



MK



)SI)U
P_9=LP!8KS%_3PHRSTT




:&&_5(CDK=%3\_7M\(0;+UTUSW5Z\C53(6]J1\#E
MFEK%EE,4+Q;)]2O;&^E8I*Y'5;[S-J1XUMF&=+@GDM_9YXPR?%J_@IQT2U

M+=AO9IT'$Y) M\_%Q5:\!JUMW!C3Z8\1NQ%BV/%/
MD\]U

M20$GMW1C/28L1F3Y++6/9)//TR^A@QD65GKL/+
Q*]QD
\+K/GTT8Z6C9



]R!DPT(5


Y68A['_Y
1.[
M)-D<?NC]ZKZQ4O+WHIHY6B.GMA4=OP.V'_%?CVQ7VI.



_(F]NZ*%XF5@JVP(DPP(J<=[T H*-G\SG9$*[\@G=?9H



-H9KY#@G<&


]MWF30


!
M*(6LXITITZM!T3I+^KQUT9_-

M1
H K-@D&V8BN'&7#CIBMD 3^X/

M'K:P0:(

6J[GB
;!-
MM6(


$#;:3<]ENHU
@+%;@RH*-\/KT
M#)IB#WJT:
:D.M

M:$(CA28F%MR9$N[
B

FOLI1H2FB:R$3_L+531BE' W(<W@UC4HHK]



Y$


]3CC&K N+UW]$>6:XW'IAG7+I8]EO
M?.M9W 4RUU \[,X875?PQ$Y9


MECMCNM[

X3Q%ADT]+=
@*+VA\PW98Y8^CC5E

MT?S-P7%0HYB;:A^GVA.^
AS#4ES;)*;Y*_J)3=4'*?)J5MZK)SX']M)E'C3]


M;4R+I+HO01N+P%YY)QT2%XY1)Y#OD(V=]IQRR]X=[K9Z59QX6#FDY+S7A%TB


4


1V/;X!231DB=)SQ7=$)?V*DW#IPQ%%S

X.

9)NL'%$@4-S%;;<I$'


M2\







.W9W[_]0Y)^


MQ@8ZNY

98.Z

,7+<(]VH/X7:;2&Z#Q13^L.5-+SOE/.KW!QL2@@G&I&_KB2T6
MH
AR5#\=70D?FPFA.[&&Y'BHS#\R'#8(A'(BL1+L&]!EVBP$B+ZB

MC&Q6QCZ;(698?'5(:

*0/:\
DI7B8

2:K8@ EU8=\

-N'I1(]


*0-6=Y&S\ %'DV




]AA BN]!F']

R=
]$0R4!,?5
MW&STH!W

&
6!^5T
MLOV!0)-D?_;5TRV.E48A/!#=V$PW1*'
#=Z+1XNP3!R4EIC(/BBP$MM/ES
:4<N2

M^=OM




/@PN3G
MO/:DORW[!0LP-'NR;--^I!D-??[L#_4PT:-!E_.04D)6K.QK1E;Z;OA[7
-9

M-;[0G*&MILF@D3
\

LZ4&-^(!T


=
M^.F(SNL)8IULBUO.V-NO$A)_B:0W=UGUO Z6#
_X3?S8DG


M4?C O^2! 2088K*U BA1^9!&GFU*'])7




;O5I!X;Z
*Z6R3XB-+KT((./I+.+
 @]Q%2^
L


MA+**;


MY1/QN]WYY


M8(Q1'LN..*3@:QX$JR-HQ:05CR3Y9N#




M$R9;UR^Y)Z50Y

#



M.P[^O_'E[7/$_

P-@!PK





X


MXK$0?F


M!I_2F8:D?HAQ4WA\ NFU9U(OY!LMSZ(-]GY-5OBQ!) ?V!YH9L)AJD+.TB^*


&P?*!RQ7W?F+S[S+\B6Z+%BAZ :AFZZ8SW3(0QI
7KDQ?6

;&MK8 &2
5XF2F*I-UVU
J*V62T]/=;

OA@$P]?;#QI] S]I0







MDWG8[D7*/H+E+23 YW ^'@D#O.B/M**9!#[I7@5V5
XIQ_5J9=+1J!XSWZEQ
MBTW.*.[H!EIJH_?]T=-
P06!WD2)=72/#(VD^?2/T1IN]]U$48-1HU[D[T2A

65YQ?*!%WXZ\

MI[_Z8PO*


JP(_I1]O#+0?QP.@TG



M(1UN@#?\NA#.2;D@=TBJX_U


M)UP=FY_.RG$8&#GS=N00L, .LNYD:F69!A9R(1T0HJ_+SRYX#9 :#0&&);

MC=PO71X&!D^QX9OL@[3NE/6V'O]N?!!KLBZ2EIS76L^2D\$?D2W_/\'?2M
M^@ *1LA^
'7
('S?=3M[(GN?MD?.]B7*C7S?Q7B[3.J*:Z]@PX]$-_P$JWVD

DW=B_3&L@&0NXWQ)!G9Z#K/5

M.YA\CK08&6YD2O!LADQ$E\7Z(IHS%1#SX45WYEBCLA:\H%Z7=U0@LK:1]Z-)

F.+3*MPZ

M!ZUU=!*^_[BM'G6/N#21I03T;%1$@2S&&TT^N7CEU;(D.0.I@KR[RYRGHT9
M8OT\=&E^1J
G: 9X3*5$I4T!N]I*V59XU$_?

)MP_01_#[%V_G97^O'FD3VFLTI_O);F/?2';
M4]$S:0PU%EOS$OUQ[EOV7^?E]I]!MS+;HX.IF:Y)FRN_^
'6P&KOU$MV%%



M;
^O2(T#EA?7I3BMSYC^L2I_
4O






6NMD?'=I2C($&-C.
?!\

P

7:TEB1%$AD



7/FV!V39WF_
MPN4]VCW

&#QC=

M_
=-/PA%E#M-NX^G)S]U%2L12X^'_?
MKV^O[ZYOODCG7RZER^M_?;R]N[[[_NUC:=%EOYHFA42) 3<**X7=Y.?@0]F]
M WG0']9JWD8&^R^PJ,7VY<[A^2,:2:6C48E _MVO=OILF;I]R#KQM%_U\C4

@..-+=O:OKI

[[$)OA
MZ3?
M'83P_QJD.B&8L$
NP+N @]CP/TT4I3\.4$!]-=U]8G;F;@)]I)%E@KOIM]O
M:&JS\9T-_Z;)93H&

0^0%PJ@]8N


Q(L(=I$-8UZ487&,4XKD.9\BRB3
:0)E+YY9EQ
K=N&?(
MI-7Z 2/=?&73_N=4B5 /EZ26GI ^]\_)@CT?$$:5B5Y[T@6&]8)W
YMEZ#T_

-)].-IB3BF52YD3@ V:_*@BL)01.
MBBB;E4NF(I^A104OD_6M/XPM

/1FK0(R3\ZC]Z48#
MWK%IHC03K_M-OFYH^^D;%XLM5R;Y3^+5.P995%9FVB
95LCG]L5; 6=/:+XV



M*$1

F)H
M@:S BX
H D01&DU_C5I$$7HAH!:H0H@C#$%$$B*(1I
018 H D01FA9%
M.%2^L%5A=JAV(06L1:E:V&G(./9?I&.83 _3=ZQYX\FQ KELNT#Q4XDA AY7



QJ1Q=$]W7QUDY-F
C5VBTC7F3T7
MH?V1TTE__+;K2.)WI7)#Y



-PK;-0)1:N#2DZ2S5#!-VJ';=U6B*


MZ




9;N*U71^VC.;!1!4=/!^R?A@N%3NHZ8P$-JKP* (;
MM0%(:KR-6C0*Z]^)W?
0X+P4IC.$5M?]A9JAT&DJ \$HC52U2 <@0K:1 5-%P:^<U '! 1KU^LP




?AGO_B/_[_]:ZXR'G[L6^
ER

MN=(-9XD!'VSF*8-A]LG'0ZW4;;[-+$#7Z*%8:'Y!V3A'SPYF]H9C]:6.[-



IKJVI
^&:6;=

D$S]

$!9O-
@


&[Y*<LHW&C 9!11<K)$--@FL
R











M\@_/=)
26BL8D1J0$6TBA*.JPA(A&5(A U[!2VP-@1.QX'S3B1MGUY$
B
M ?8[R_T=3X)U'/M'9']W4F!#2(&)R&K


B&

CB\_[D[:;$1I
5$9#;A66BD]3--5VACIJ4Q6;&
^JZ-N&H
8V7D





WGW^^.7N%O]<

M




MQ*;-G/-3@W2/^X00MF=FGO%

MW

MV
4W-O'X_
XDY*I;CP;V




5-GG)/

M[I.T
.V79.Y

M



#DMO/1M.#GN-J25;
O*@?B
M^+B5)VN'J_.Y1DHJK?@I4_]?&L_&'%ES










M;M66^-T12D\9:?TQ


:FA_


A5Q?-9?)67:D[(.XY+']56K!N\6+\_:
MBD)F[E!I:9D_81U5IJR3=@0MK$C$C[M8.PZ9**N[+O)@
V(
-MG:T)7*@5&A

MU&MG#])R*-*H
AF3+



Z/N.WCAVO?/YLV[-D'MGGR\66_A4]1\-66P?35U.EWKK;C


M@;T8RCC$M@\[

M6A3YE1
4=!39H-00'37$GENNU!^4=4!91PO*.K [?GA




V).V8-@;QPNX6
MAC+7U0#I ^F+2_K0?(\?]P5YF[3KJ8-6^BO-K[[-83&U+\0G$@VG
F5.1VI_




M4QZ&?^G0SA )$)#*$SZ&/)EJZ4*& /?L5)[P4M3QH!&RO+A)H^WP*48:#YNF

.AFU#-I[[Y[P6A1MRMUFVN\QIW&8;SW=

:4-
SU*M14Y
M8+Y

M&FO]27:1WCY!+;SXS3-'3/0PDMR;3+4\8R&!_@2GOPD_D5AN9*0G#\:ECK1I


$Y&XS*7+G59<[5-
M$V4S\4W\Z;*L$#T'4B_0Z2?T0AK@%$E]P;JH*^6;U2);BI]U!W+L!Y=Z8&.
M
I


2]<QA=VLCU)J:G<G+ZX&N+ 'HITYZ4==B@/*ZO&C]X
MMWAU)*UHU. .E9:V


MO2F_


ML8(#_%7#0Y^
9X2?[.G6HX$_RLHSR#8-3E4$B3VXFJQM+P@]?)*TASZ?S=;+

M







M]LV[(&][9I*41

)
6X.[(:G$]%2UGE)N^T&3)%;2


1=J4G0K!-AGN(;#B44[LH

M


C05^+M$A/G=EQJ]_DS8*DV9*P64::/P.--Y9JL,C&;.D&):R$&352B*-
M&5*8(
MGK$G,!E.E.GV:LN#!%F.Q,NHN8)&T56)^-
C%6.3
AZC^3*55E5

#S.U.$^WZ8)

M9.QE


8.+5IQP
&(Y'+7A'59EC@HQ8[F H*$75E*
M&(M#1)W+;1-V8E:$UUB(R 4 7.J)-N6[(85P7;PTE(?\%R^ID^WZZ$15O#:J


MYOA3;.6
/O.

MG)E['7=IC G$UAIB




2FN
1VQRK2?9Z0?T)V8= =-L4!N-;A_PCMU0'1M

WN



M87!\





Z=//?QCN/7VK\WK__78O+<)6&K3
MYD/RC[4U\,G*A^24_#8J$Y+3)%6VA;3L2LW2J#)$T.V@%)KMS]B/^+3X@<
MBYY(-S^CY0-R]H)5W@:K.FH'5+G29U:H*CN4T4!M!VYD^L?MF%Y_\+_1*;^
M' &LN@W88?.!RETO906JEJ!6D '%H3I
0%76F@_64H@UBVA-^C^:U@)R30_7

%VJ*JL)*5/95<NWS]0$_X!OK*<)/_JL%RM(:\F#'EYI,G)
MT%!C4)[U_@F36U;QZYO+Y5GOG[



M0UGC[ENV_?6U.VXIIYZ
Z-03-;_;E@TLM3MLQ?OZ
T_3X6)4ECFC5^VIF!LR




^T9 #;H.ANT52



M0(;1MT#XW9/YH_QS9[I$]] 5UZJN.*TW&H\/-X1VHYHETA679T]G&PUZX46V

M=

MPN3(DMV#_H?:S^1^I*@/S@9A12A'A?YZ;
?:CEUT4]I?EZG6/G-_70&XUN[;






W
]-ZS'WVU[_F*8IC3#1\7?_H86[T_.;^]OKNZQ&ZI
[XD3







4SZ%;4A1TA_L
M9[2#WGPJ=)$4/:%D4




M^N E=SB+F:JFA_*2+[NNKR136AR?_G]SZJC)6NY+@^R9]JI=5V\$Z=[@K=





MH& #=%+!3[!)+BVG0'74!/ %IRRIT$;.NYZZ6B (24# ?L!^H   AM@:

UJF4



U8$
R4F7 N*R

:_C/VMV2#+9




M((X62)M4^)GN2 ]_BRQ/7P4G
0T+
MG?DI!V5 #_QS\*%=GX_ YJ^UZQF+UU^6NO.([XTA_HX\P/^5 8G^2_0=LL(#
;24O?\<FK)7DCVVL'_XOR-_)7Q8:VUI#O)Y<\Y
MC^07=.NNM+!-TWYQ=TSH7/% 105[[V5MTM]J-LBKX(-'U:[DY0&W*W':#YOC

CB=: A&NH9.'&
M/:E@FG
9H3RH#3Q5;FK.9*



M-KV0K%1 EC;3




JY4 .4!LE1--D6#4'EBT.4!F


=5B63R@HTO6]:K[HA_&
9+BEF6


A8&=0
M






M+C
:Q#3Q!6WYJ8:ZH!6J7;C9%IV;@H(3'1HE4E@9'1-2FMTWV2&.EH6PEZ)
M[Y:#,3Q=S==*]?$3$&N]PU_]T)WGZY

]

T2




.#;TRTF7F)

JX'2US'E*'V@%!6F7



A^5.IKM(%472AKFB9SQ25U5HE!6V)O+I4SJ

*
MR) %LB5Z\_W/NK=V#
QI/R#8QA'L
ML2#DM
J9X$)R O6+2LR MRINE(_)Q.Y$*)=]4Y18Y J$'':[]M1D7^F&0Z:N

PD#O?%





MP]MD\.BH]2.039

M)YY(R!]Y$HTDS-Y*I_-
DJN9M@2(K1:(K;8C$0N=/'7%@$?!\ C
V)HH0E:6

UL











IVZ!HZ
M3UKHAB
]Z^8:P7ZXI%QNO;1MMPP%% (* 86UHQ#VP[4AP /*'L2
R&*F?5NI
M.HE&X


M..EK(*V:CT9Y-
PUM0P0*1@B8;IK:R:\RV
-]L.!^@=QTRAQT]!ATH!(X
86
M(K&-W-B5T
$GVWH\





T=(#T0
M?PGQI_6UM$L9?Z;STL+?YL9S\/





M0'\F-O03DBJU9.+


MF5DNIC2:([87DKNR/1_!LU?&\Y3$%K;SHCOSS9\PGF=8'C15/&]PAQJ.P9P
M@J/%VEL[^$?T8_:D6X\^AK42*;S[W:\LS7S5Z@&*5@+L9,[1/1IOEJ/E

M)



_6PUUF.P0&YP
RR\E_W9..P81=$\=YQ3S@ P1SS$_*

+UTQ3




M2=Q8=5#A%(L-%AE82Z8Q2 '19#8!:#'*Q3#AXUBP^.]!ER'^DC4I1Y%[PN



#$K-K#$



M37


M&$ B !%T52+ 7IYB (:]/)-=6F7%,]9H2(VN,21^%TFK5%_!*0%I6:[2DH
ML
0AK*XOYI'5_B1GJ$]





M4$4MI%!FSC\K


M@+$U%U:@$+ B? CX)V'4%A]8E1E

M?PX^M.OS$0#]M78]8_'ZRU)W'O'E







MW3=@.ZX'?3O.KOWV+O!.[C%VWE.3^O\H ;X3[ 'PHE)Y83F![WT&$8)(!GYW


U59-

/*.1

U+]9:Q5CPHHVD)**.IDKF-AC1:OX KE
P4#MIH \E/
M42#.


BYRK+/CG*PF
M.






FZ*-S8/D[.^4L?'9V Y:JV_:82F;<1F7,?JMY$
M33D/9WS]F^#DO&SAC6']4HYDG(DBARM!P*BE%U(4.C)*A&V:JI$AS(X6E

MO5%/$Y]\\5M*$R:H&'7%!TH3)F5/XB\I0(T4(&F\I.PUR7CMVOLX\)CX905
M:,LCC5:?E^=./&18B/871[3!.(I.S_J:DU[-EH_Q^.]S[G#DHT'3:OU*J+4





:R^?I
;Y'S2MIS:=C^UB
M6]IJACVEZ4SBKFPRA=4\39
9K*9JFU@V4FI;\WC62A9)/?
_J&HOU]%OD?C8




M8?OH
_'@M;!/9@A[E1Q6N[ \WPWHV3AY5.U5K=&!/
25EJY)EJYFGK6115+/

;!G/:CB^

6/8.5.NGMB!Y\^W7KY%N1B6P%B-;S%0=U!\




M!]RQX)?Z [;N7S9\EVL^UY2Q)HF$WIC9(*S-K^RS\5DRF3%W!J_@.!OY)M

M;@6?O

MJ




R/$P$,7'(YO\'/;.GP^LR__CF

E8&M]'+W:8M^


M_'[25_OL^2NR5T*8EK'B/!3Y+Y'$'\B-T38WAI
N\Z*O4EX
D[QXE8#CA#AK

M
29O?M^*2%EH&_N@53!N H(F[^


M&%DT!RL;1BE%M+
:DE6KE[\44




/O9UX#BF05SOY@'[?_@&!04W#X8[^XE=_^6:N(^&
M3C(FVEY;YD1)9


M\#7'%WVQB'O_DG7%B=T451GU


[)G1M@]T53
MM$'




MY6Z+


9?Y4P



P.3.(E[9

M/GX^X!0
)_BA)L^8P0W6HL
2ER!4 O-+X-J?B64O##96ZI-MS3SZ'F3V?P/L



M=X# =Z
6! Y+ 45G_S$]6FV(T@9U=:[Y
BC6^*'S/4]M5PJ\J8VVS@Y;U*

'&*F FU
M1/I0L]!7F5D89E*!/


170]37&3=L M^&HIYG'O6%
MI]VH:%/:PRGWKSA+4*G01U4)E3XS3G(CFN7.'^$(*C+QT*UM \0MJEIY!+

B0@J

1!TI2IW4WV
M[$?SLAF9QJAFSBIP4)FV) D:%O1GDHO
X6_CPMF_%8AG&]:OL_*X520G4MAG

MELW[D&%YON$'?K&=VT9F-;ECSD&-F?)JXQ)M--W=:G=W;%*E(C4B0FGKYN0D



MC_:S[:R67![(:?Z6 'MQZ8.VZ


G@A:8



*Z!K\6!Q.J'D\1YLUS^A
M/9;0/.X7VD/_(IR7^X ?.:]R?]5HL=L[+AT#L_!B@3()%8V VW&%Z#$@CK1)

GU[+]T7H(['G$?_D#DPC

M

MW:IJ18F





#NT#O

M707025C)R#H 1!ZP,/EN\= ]ET
V#G.S!RR5\!D'(1'0-9GA?!(-K/E!T/

M33

&
M#PPVG'[=^@^I]0\_JR/E0^P&'!=

M?LKJ)NJ02KZF]-!RG(
='CB7^*K#Z_+N\S7?'H[[]@6?#^Y@LU*ACP&';3


MP[




M2VQ&]4W+& E2BJ[6.*!-+;$1



8B
MD^!E(]4-*];^1JI'VJBG_IK#A
H6JBULH7K4!PKOE ;9/#6?R'2@-VH! ]O*


MA-@8QU

MSM]YV'[-J[QCL\.6GPH


\!#P N&
MX] )6;!)J4[@(R:%'IN'9*(X5%T#Y+S^A[ HA%X8[YWI:,_^=XQ:2P*W2[

6IL^D9?$-C
IG
S30%WB//-5


@#)ES$[YZ(6U
TG$HY


.



WX$&TZ2WU'[=?+-_P7VY94G2@C)7!;72KV^6MZ'-O


M]^7VC^LW8)=T8X%-[^.;D^$;9
P^OKGX?#M6)V]08!GA^_YQ_?G-[\J*!BGK

E!




MQ0?')E4J4B
BE+9N3DZR#=&3I8BE;+^U+&AII+/AO(76GHTQ==+/YDKZA86A
M95%



MX
(SE\P

MT!*]3*9*]&^U]BS+$8$.]_#?'Q:M:S1\G\RVGK^;(/UM@@R:08]7%S387E_
MSV%%0&+6QNC\GPWH
UBSJ*F@]\-BW[MW'@&RC]@]Y[0O]#ZZ2OL&W;EXJZN
MT6*8Z$X#


MZ^


6W(Q'X%$%RL








MB31/TCQ)\R3-DQCQW5:F/!R\
Y!GAEMFHS1-E6GRQM@I=;I[M%O[[538M/2$
M]JH
K=

M:;7JLUK[F
6Q



M9#K0&[6 @6UE:]3)L3I2=\][:GUKU )6M0V=42?'P_&P_%]7:#W&_$ U[L

MNYMHG%UR$MRIXZY-@H-/?:7(Q

DDVVE


M



M#_B1(
]XYDS

M 7Y8=S3





)XM#.%.4137+-0!M:7AP9EMLRX
M
M\!



M

M1G\=@V@*30W+&R 2*P(+YKZ![RB$\3#OX#=9_TI;T'[!(*PX@+-[L'I::I
MX1XZ]9H4P1XOE6V=[TNHMWV.O7S'_@3NE3/ FPR&*4VWBMG:.E8.#J
P!1

M9]^R&2S';\CC(=IK07.9$6V)@3@-'E[-VN[TQ1%&3Y
 '(6BTGL%VP7O=\



IF'!.^S!]VSFS\ U




/..14$GZ$[[L
M.&#[5NB'N@D:XM(V9@Z!+\#_NICB^LC/Q(*&(6X&\TI\ -.\4P

M;[:M'_J^?P;PIFK8.*V':


N#5O[MJ+-41B$1JM K8C&ZB%YNH =3%MY2P L*
YE&Q


8/
MWEHRPB+WMF^PZ&4K&T%I]JHAB56$L\+SON%JG2X)59!%L8'.WUI)D/GAG'GG

M(*X&4_ 4_C5P:0+PY G$&6RG_401X$9Y)\0342.WT


&7C8
RK$7C
&]X[W\$M 3B<G[ :V8^PO/:F:3U(\#7:V;G



M3+N$VG/
S+4=^ @P35RO0^.
I7(@P!]4YSPO(#.9G($PE+^#'C'_S+DR[IBA
MMD\V=F?4%7\V7 9MKO!V[!N)[9\]+*POA!,ZI:@Q,@:'/V_I(**._B[9_+
M+.QJ\R%^V3##HF
+W1&TP#
29V8@&+B!#*M3X7?.J[Q.@4L/]:(.R[V/*P
/04I6X
MM$8J
P

M6JI.+3U0V7/%(T?



R)_+3)

M_;U+[FDE[-IVFJ$G*W:Y1_U\*-
(O:IV_DAU;OB7D3(JY(@;*2H=EXQ405#9
M-


[
M@'(;AUWYJ&9NOR(J\H@18N/0IM:;2%ZFH\C&8<.C?F^Z4S.[ Q!I31+6_0[



)_

MDF^#OA9Q$1RWUT&3:@L M$EOY\SX$HQ+Z\#D5M_+]G;0SQ5&2$E)AAUU2$KK
MEH/;R3:MGAF;U_\9$ CAYR5C@%)5VUV'



;*(



M
 0^#IPPNH@ EY2SINP'YJ=?I?'A%9D1LF P*Y:Q_-N#![O






RGBEH
I(3


']%

_
MB/MHZ(0-C@5


9=%8$SZ^
MNK%];#8AOM)D?%6ET E3@EMN5
5'JCH25;5+L$K&(IPD2Y2A=F4'5'S(569
MI0V5W5/MI(0)/9:3#[G*#:B4GB)40-4R$2L[I.)#KG)#*DW;
TEB+:1ZY^
[

A)7

M(/H84HK]9OT9 +4F!6FCKCV%HICWRO*&1SA!F9SW#^_W*^)1Q+9VPV\0DO&]
M(W*7)T[)#

B_Z1N




)?WJB'HA:]X#K8^

.
M(HY(F0%.]..5&CB(?C]LBV$V\'7@C-%%!+^EG#5EQS4__7CE!PZBWQ69$;)@



MR[ZZN\E5L6Z6V6-+T6/%O3UJ
@UNR1X[R5B(?Y&,/SB+9T






2FP'\L]+:14
NX1LDUTFFKB$L(7,G2F\H458S6'6D
MR170Y)<2J_?<4\N4US-X)-


*Y=+G-V 0NR6W&!D&NE)07.L+9@O&.@BTQ



LOPT
Q[C



M


WVDAUXJM?!-([N








MPL%2*RS=!@F;
%#520:IS$:+0RWZ#I





MP$2
?3(6B6VQ
4YY!T'S1N-$^*SVIXELW8[U'+KN%NSYCQ-QKZIN;\X5I
#!
MFT576W-
2<&2\9@8@K4K
IG2=-Y@-7GHB#:?_S73=,MLP9P,SKJ=HM4C33#;DOQJ# 8:EIP4VYL




T\1;1PL[ 2&



M ]'Z=L127-*0VWB2;X.^%G$1'+?709-JPT26_GS/@2C$OKP.16W\OV=M#/



MX T


MH/^=(O+L0%P
?Z&WF4

0%
?MNF&:F=GB%!E 7((ZHN;-*

'
MN\PZ=JEYN=B#R'IA



DM3P%Y(U-40U-4?3GJ#
MKCORIJNI@\R[ K@RC__HU50*]SRG6/#18_8# @*^\]XF7=Z6XRWZFXRR6E/
MMMTXJ_%,Z@;RLLFT38Z6^2Q4Y!5WB6)MB79(BZEX*J\2Y*;AV6C*H2NB1ZX






M)BC*^=$(.:YA S^(^VCHA V.!4QXEQD3UM&_3R0

M%KH]HG T&F8]75M\TD9K@' =-@5.L@#14+0]


ME*%V90=4?

':PR+_I&X
MQ/./D45\-+?=Y6^0BWVO?LA#5\<#$MJZ.5?1XVX74XOWWR?N^<A@E=5(O(
MES4]M=?_XX7S@?ZWRDBSPZ$]_!%RJUY-&2+/(=MAX%'EN]BW?=Z9=!3K5B+






4_



M
DFTK=(6N?(4R)5W2:)M:K:(2RF *^^2Y/9CV7 +H6NB!Z[A&R372::N(2PA

W@DTQQ-0QS_8/


M_'6UG.*@LS)[M#:]06XS=F'_JAL@K/%LZ@+\DMN



M'\UM=_D;Y&*?(.\).V'E'UQ
B_%H/:'37@=SF^_\2\IUD[#!/UA10B$N7#

@M


M_=17Z:?A[1?+-_R76^:0!LI8&=Q&=[R]]L%R+(CE?_DK@$OH*]D6?/1.GPUO


MOZN:IO;9


M1=
;;^CP1KTAFV=6K.;U2C'TQFUI72=PI)OD#?6!M/



MSR3\__#9#&:45_2L#2C'#E

@4GA2QH&YB930T
P$I9\(/_TP0_ =__
MP\+AZ;.5G6L0Q:

M3;*;FJPT:*.1R1

(FY^+


[CV


M;^IB)Z=R\3$E=3\BO#8




Z&


2C)L5$;*@?1OS]&F^NA?)
 4_Q2EJ'ZTGP@[


M^0WBK-KA'_BDS?;X2=W]9V I$1TBW9W23Z
TJBSI
'KS^];L%*8
\6R!U=@8

FW/^Y7-
M'GR?PX.VSR^*I

T6Y5?2)\AF$I*G['*




M:H+9(\
G_+B\^8+4)


_0;5!KX\680
4
MOG=&H3OC?-
G0K4C;NB#YK:+[ET

J&:YADY#

KJ5O


8(;
MS0@&OP-?(.'#*IH))(FCY%DMA*I#@&*!+P*_\[

T@M+4;)GNIG;&UPV!(

V)&3H
:)=.TG]**0KFPH'!;




:!3--/+A6HKV1/&HV


M&JCO_DE\!Y@'EV-J#0R'\O;)#LQ9=#]:R1OA1TTIVU*MI?!EYKL31D-,6T[
M *PDM'61!XP$23E&=P&(GS%#ENW3T\+'R  !,#;26/2EZ9O&3( O$1W3WC^



MGY4TV$@5YG(79NKXY

MR9S^\3W;Q:D7=$!+5LQQ3#3#D1Y!8)?I[PLFR BLT[\D7_I;\G=H- B['8







)? EA56('L5





M3K2
B5FK8*)/Z%


.-#J


M3




M-IW2]=F$YXCS#NCXO^N7HL-6PYT3L^FJ;&:S[8;TG1)H!G1^+-FO&R
GB-)I

[&9O/8W'!UFN+M^3+ 4N<YQ
YNH]C^P?3V[EE]2.<5Y%YEB
MH2+VSD?O$\_IVICW^[R&NP:R#52'%?8;Y-^54\<2!KR$_#[WEPR!D*9M0
MSYRH@+[L+=LIBJIX:PX$%@06!+9;@6VS_^VY'RSHMC O#SB/7E=9BU:E53GI

)@EI+!#5[9'T]D6?FEJEQLB


M:5F53^29O0PQ.3KZZ-F^=HJ-Z$S\/*71'OL(]#V_/VZ)Y\@'WR%CO!!I._

MM(C+6;OXGI4Q)H0-


?NPR(A/2

8-!BGV5D?-(-MM)V4[ [=Z[2^R?


M\_/NHKI#5:Q95!6KFUU6Q69/%Y







MM7F=AA/ZQ%VG(3K/K%0OU/*=$CYJ3\(K)?PZ\L% 1:Z3:933=D_LT2DW4'':




MLVE;7@^;-ZN(0SGBKG'SYK[+3U;.7M2H%5]UG-?:6G[:7M=T-/-0.;_HJR?4









_2
M9G..-*ZT5[EPW

)MJLRF%@


M!VJ9SWZ^N#G0N-/C5'_J1JG1?
1



M6\[ 3K2LB5$KX3+
?'Z_3K2J#OCNXXF6-=*GBYQ&7R !PSG1

MEB+F@%VIA1

M+1]S[G@MV)%8(2

-EE2F;S#

MVW$;
W-&M

M0UJ-&?:G1)M?(6T\UWN/M(9$6UR+YW3:-=)J/_#-_^W(OM_Y41SNV#BO#_$:

MH-\(Q:-/GW][C^F4W
=X









2M^IP\1+ZCYD=\/$;9_<!:+;?[<0Q[K=/EUM3ZR)C/M&H3
MP#DV)I6D!]GD2JZD=*585?B 3K%5$Z:IJ57J4=3#+K@*=&%F!=DU'!1P.Z1W





MQ\_3P



M

3^CE#8S;31)N% :\P43=)D1




M__L/;6W\&HVW3S_@]LI$T1X\[
.MC4RN(KY3JA;'?^CO+Y#(8VO-89BQ9!6$

9Y?#74^


MD[DM@[



25)!+



KM;2\Q[@BO5MB)T2H
-B_0C:WZP/+6#7P_DQ:@


E(-=F.*)C:2BU3(GU3'H%COV
M+L(49GO$9JOX09Q\PKW'R6_L*)VM$KVXMAK*#%;1^93VL74Z=\P


M4M[QDY.YW#Q$V54GK^
0D0ZAKNFR&&DN8!N$C98


MJ[@?5NP;T8=='


M)\F&RV_1S-NB
9_*(Y

?(['

9 K^W8KA1SJ)!('687%#ZT$WGWH.*Y6LO=%_C0




=T8Q[@9CR#\=V^B@LSXZCW2Y21H%!_$:%UZ-4P#E8/;)
M^J969S(9J%]0OXVV8P'L '9=P*XPR('+*PWI^_1Y_DEK_QKB

M)]#EF9*8LTX5@M1R+9E=DQML4EE


M6(^N[.0

%97_*5
M#


?[G:L
Y&OT
M*$37=8+-EM4OW.Y1O


M>]YB]G8Q
M]]A[!&J5I@8-!&J K$X'X1C32W
U+.=)SMIM?FY6[M4H$J









)D?X.\Y\X98(.I4)4AXTG6G7LLO
7L0ZR._CIS
M9/_K+8UROQ6ZL3%_

^$^U.

B_)F]G4BI%X^%ZT1+A15QTFTX


KCQ?:IT)


HDC
MRL)QG[P]2QTJP75TVHSS?PO%E;.M


&82T\ ='

M]R[Y$CWL/4T0\TT.


J3]=GM^AB5C62'.NS'F'TV[83[^AA=$2/O=WH


M!5]J



)NLR4FSJ9D6ZVH0Q4DY8'9

^U$1L Y=V





M%@HW4U.;EU7




=T_VDW%JIR


7
MWFUI61RVXS5K34*6^Y\0AMZNGL2.;B G^?2GYTNE%:M'Q/4SWT(X?X(U6U




MK








JP#BT65\ER#C(LGL(A15 **1@



)YI6&8A^1!Y'\X3@4SN9E!^M@ GD3



?
'81_1!1']Z-%H<0LF.3U7/0KHQT^<%G&*Y]
-
MQL'V.?O BRCPW.7IK]


M+;?1&XC\-A;7+

M)4








TQPY

M;K

M$'H9;G#Z:=M4W^A.* _





<40TMN<%

MR3Z#VYX
278TN[QQ7#]#




M\[E(?P1 5 U$^EA7PIX=WE




3 D DPBF$0%32(D49\TC'S/:$M06*K3V3R*



B+\.9J+WR&_!3#0)+A4Y;;O1+3 40Q27YM)1




M O[Y++



M5A12N^QVI_54

93\27[SA%/GKV-\(OL'Z?5$5?5$]
GK^F:8R:X/-1GNE3G
M_H[.;4=R[.=J%'QMM2-1D:!39C3\W#H;RRV*BQ[N!ARO2;*QR=JZ)=$#?&J
MJGU[(^TMB;P$=.

MJV/[&$1QB&
WQ!ORWD)E
)5[D



MF[ZN)8U3T-J)Q$@4Y%X8.^EER.)2!P)F3C+D@9DK9^;F*LRBSMX2#)T
F%ET

FJS3*%CV'P)W;RB[;;U&WR

M1 CX9DQ%P5ZD3JQH)#JP$
)(\7P8

MW

M5(8F*



M6=2-_1!&C^G8T*PA0J8CA;O/8JU'6VFNB9SHT%-A8)R,6@Q:N1UHE8B$R\





&V/S/+/C-11!;



MW[;8H7




M48(@
R&?&C2J7^@'&1-XRQ)\0879

M .8#\\LS7_#
X&J4-:3/\/V*8X2_;;$?Y5Q:XC9(J '5%
C[M3N3N O:B4T1


MGKY3: &H %2\3[SGQ9'D25K[A]B^]?#AIZ5[G_U[F[V

M0WF?/Z$-O23JKO8_;NSPCNR;4/P%72#]
2$2^\WI


:YW


2Q&[+;6T(?




&VRV58NCHH$[J*FF;7SCU

M*\CH(WBES)





M55XRZ_S:68R.X

?7#8RX)GO42]Y8FKYH5? D
M$J12!/FO=ET%J4Q_/B#




M6.! 2.I \#T5$=57K

5[22M8L5\86
$^8.
17:B#+APHYPW@
M?)V

\G MGTE6G8R51'JG\1$/<*T/7)ORV9_$=;_R0++4




MI


5W1&





;X+PCUZP&K




M'A

2DSH4*9(
M''TYO]V;KQ'-_;W545%,0'X6QT)X'%+72RL]='$,K49,/,Z?N33*%!X0)8


M2T^DPG.Y8&]L:O
&?*R]34D9J6Q\
/1 3R!XRLU 42F@G$TG89V*_0:I

U):]]QTWWS:*/X#-@D*U/7)7ML^ *,DH%1ZIKBP;(&EJKV/$=

MYEJER8/ IB[8-#



  8  P !B2 6



<FG6MZOEUQ2UP@/AD7S6;$@#2@J_X1M+RE<







?EO

=QVA.+_:Y-VD;D#8-[


86]T)
MHCA[TG%YPFWZ^Q!38X96KF_[#GF!E.W?MMBAZ'%H%?3*Q[(V[PE1(YH'_@
M3=JR]XQ.WY10

M$T)TB^

M)3J#Z.*0*H$EOHU/- 3[:Z:/BK3V*)%$RN?5:1?[3&NWJGR)@%X;@5$JGNE;




%7AO 18R;$N*BOZ/*Z74JL
MZ9[R3CUWPQRV


E_B:U







MIEI)_#0@:/=X*T7.=SYZ3U.@@2]-77Z/^U]

M=:L*K9D
B.S9#?D+VR$K)

2&P?B7-+?ABR=Q2'



]NH\.P'4%'J4*(U;WL



DC'8#VP

MS%SFBP
#9Y'2A\(<I[3*.UNL$

M;)@)#[-;8::O?&&Y5'4 @ LY E=YCO$!$;)$4S*=P 
JP*^0\7Z^


PKNA2G )!4NADW5OG


G

;BG/VQ2QBI9B[FF

MA&%MR:+LLM6F:D@*L!V_N&% N$L)VS\R^[
P\



 [?P0

'+IU ?/+ (?W[F$L\<D?R#O8=SB

M([0.'H@]#)-])A]ZA!2)&O$QVMK4E=IY=HCVF/S/



C:[GU1JWR
B^YMR2
M[L4EY65G_E]

#]'







5B\0.:X
M J&



MS'WQC?T7]1-.F46]@VL'AK.(I[:-[ZJC:P/!]P&*S+5+# *E MYLO6!_:B9Y


@Z)?4GL53J)+YD3R]S!$-_MB\1D*^GIE9
-[AP)MT

M9W\2\\8BX?\MG6[G+I

Y]EU0)7NV
8E2#_V\NXW<
MY5[H







M E&K@Q0?&K094)B36NE

M;S]?N#O?/(*([X/8/,&^[IT*D'+K\6OLFJ;/





















QSH]=)Q=IL=*S+/

]W@0KKR^WHD9?_X0UZM;?\.O_/3



Q
MBNF2*192K4RO5ZWWS.9E$,RZ;(F%Y^[573[LE+HVL./9-+/227K$Z+CUIV
M=]^(4!6N+_5


YL]1W8 /XQ3/[W
M.6L?QB@9L6/VHP2L0I5RIC+\9CE




BB



C
NHH;%+(JAZ+T;9G;HEQ.RE$C'=F.8V:$B%JA(


AB*1J






=


$(I@\F2*

MB5\K3BMC-&A.

F$-S8N5L*=

%+4B6Z]&8Y@)ULZN(;N9WU@\RTY,@!?K[(:*




MFT1F%94G4;LWC&3/:$M0F*K3V3R*?0618*T[(PFN'S8XD^V&'G25.=;:.AO8
M\U.+YZZ

O9V%^J ;ZF1:21^JIK+'

7O);
!--


ZVT-)
M3R_:VO;E
:F\

TF=&NTQ^

O[


7.='J/J&H*AJB



1QQZ=^YS]-


M&8*+]0^[=QJP.P]Z87

MN+2\=V_4-T+@OZ0_2V_V=VZJJ?Q62ZP2NLNU?GDWY
K 4
C B-0]F%+OSF!7

]8EI5I5O?F:L*=UQ?=UQIU9%.7=R2*D+&RVQ SMZ]




MJYVI4W&BC$



BD:ZA
O4!*-6J$F
M/9(X*

!BF6N%**)++73$(?37


M./ 
35W:/ ;H5%+H


C??*\)J*TU+ZGM*H8.-3U:D^3=9W
M;*K-Z\0HH.+EPH=2^-^$/3?SWRS']$47

2H1\5O@
M^
$M)X=&WSTP^AC &9.Q#0]L=&AJE&1F/E$*:#K5Q!] _+
\?._HJ^RC0E
ML8F=DF1*A;3



MAP5
Y[2=9C)2Q$DHO3ID-
E32C(A8'R25L^'!R(HV(IV-A3N\@R CA\+(W
MVD0$4)BH8U,G8/( !6Q2$966P)!.M(5S:B%124EW.;R:0D:P^=F],(/==H[
M-*,RJ=.,?+U$&M3E%YK1$ LZZ#,3#% 1KU\S6ZK4N(8$@MOHFUR-BUMT/+Q0
MIL4TV]T^6Y0BF: RL/!$X=(NT9*:6AA%I\2Z$C1*&HL_14
Q36P\-+$[0
MBL_CMEMGB49$-1 /#)2!D:V9\F&A $*M3@C$C@TT



AP; :[=R'UIZ]G'!*1F^BF;RZ&U(E

M
;F,9'EO\&5L ]@QI@3ZT4=6@6:LH0=Q:X_%21'S*&O0$UV7 $KCWAB^.Z
MJ
-_NU


M2I_Y% :F


S*[0\7[ ND#:GO
* 9NR15*E:82MG4

TJ1:%U!XIH R_UBO
M7BC

M2Q


.=4?V2-6=/





M5(^


MRR(



R_@N@#\





YW0FB
MA7Y(8+TM\F[]OC5V(O:^_2MN-%[%H1F52\]%?+ /PA)3T&5Q[MK\ ('N
M_ _@.[#]1P_Z0+

D:C-M^=^5!
M8EXZU=WZS!FH]M8G*7ZF]G'?A08
\YMDB5MJM6MXN[YY)V^.L

TB3





MZQ$(UI;T0@QI+T2^
 

DRXYD]7AD)6G$YA!)A_.8NP
^^)5P


_AU]][BW:D127ZY9
!D6JD-.\NJ







M&F_




MR4B/JVD@JS)?O@K=X?CEG (LI$OB;'PY%RWJCF#H^)\V.YG4:BZ6
BHO3(


W
M<7C^:%G+BUO[<QB%]S

M_X_:_Q]\]Z/EVK%K18[WF'WHY@%2T4(?6-_;3LH1;;A^^(KO8/[NY/+V_N;J
M_HNU4J1[U*7B_K

M)ST:WN?_0(6#R X$6; =A:6&[X[44\$9_;NY/K3O21.IR=[#GI:I?P32?O


M-N75?&NLTROS7T'T+1NFF7W^(]S\JX)_]?WFR_T_8D_
J']W@W@A3]%O.GWV



- 



C;SBU7



/B#A7#S7=MFXFV?XX_;3R7M)4_2$






MRKGZ.@NP#(HBF097K



M$C62I)E



2R*\-A
M)JJ2^PXL-_FW:^\9A!&R48





M%$CJ T[^#(Z9A880R_1P9E++S**(1
=2/ 

I8RXOQEB;^%B(RE

PPL@Z)QQ@S4




UPS7%
M





O)!$^



MJGF[.A\QDQ)WCQZ_
6\_IU-YHE=.)0Z(1YG[19

FI.)';AB52D?MB]/*(
M!5?,D?FP%RQ 7IBIXHX41AFTSC

\/T94N?@M/M8(LO]-4HY


MP=XF \@WO^U

M?)CYZ\/
C\XZ;C;
?
WS!@3M7]Y*D9
/









#LP]I\)%\Q8YBR_T.


MGI-2^(_;3R?OSZ6$AENAJ
$W2OG.+)
4C$E:RJ56V;29L)K
5[WT9CN#1[EF


M8_M
UP^9?I39A1RCE./
 K*U/5QV?GQ,1U+04%M'UI2F /^41' TES%29-!^7E<* 08)FS0::B.?)O

M+8+L


;Y :+.4(1AJEXB ]MC#YL)E%Q;O<J1_ T ?31

2













HH%1[)KBT; (
M&5KUN.
[H@ =M=G


&U9FIY<(M

MFII2_2B)BQ\7/S($U



6




M&D$ -_RPC#.1






M@^410:L]NH\+P6$8#RVDHL %P$N K5,P=$I/KANAJ/V6PTRY3.K%B3 0LU
KN'9E2_
MA<ECTL?&0+JHDPI^+$=PXU%2[E#3* (1%.J7Y[APL6%JPR]%+/^$107+BY<

M1;]=?RCO\SOT^3


46#
P$VQ_L? ]^!K?
M_BNIY%P&SK


M\$Q8Q%$

 _\A;!]

1/FCF=Y-EQ QO8?2V CZ;%1


#R0LM.E%!X -$+ !Y44M=%Q Z!ZT).)5M^B%?PQPEN$I9

I6I9'Q)7Q39I6Z#F6YJ-4^%/9TSI
M^V^N_P %%_X';64FIXA#:4RS;W'/CNG*H8^S !O/T(963F6)X S7*(W(AM


K\

M5&9)Z5.I=W_+%.D;TI
J!S62




2AG'SOEWGN2MJ#
=MIDDS

=P_\L\/W.C
MZXI]!6AD7W-N47=@2LK*4B5_Y?D8B









NBR]D5+%)RP1$HLDI&


C9
M
 _0+SE)JK^!!54Z5/%)H$;62H#BY\D0^R?DNC[Z80D]+3P#HH.L% ^C72




/!G?5CN^Q-B48SA=PN4CYYCRI&

O29PMX


X$?WGX8\

[GT_*M=;?V5:7N=8R




=


*T.TC7
M.ZY0FX?

@P#&Y^Y*
M6%HK=


AA4/7C[E*7!1:-6C?0::S3HE4[/7FJ;Z\I)1TCEIW2GB'=^@ZHE)5


M8




MGOO




8I9+U=2+:1Z-



M;,3RWRJUL6%;3[Q,OA\FMU$3R!(#]1/K4KR,(B6-F7M4;6.@/NE:;R?2C2
M\DKOX:]&TU-\)CDH)(C$H.&K76J%$:WN R
)V&^O-KMU
;:-_0+U67LF)*

J Z=:8E



MAS#K'AP7\@Y^T()::I%&BK2G44AMQR%9*PK51:.G-'GRXFXBGFM/^.*X+M39
M!ETN.\WY
,\FEW:=A #9-HWQK@^@]P 'G+O8/9@UYS
M.IDV@-R.:-(JV%:3;-J'HUZG)V:Q_M)D,!7NE'SH[]8 B],;SAR @&5JZ_



M@2-5CTBEF.I$&C=6?;26#AI!ZOIAR/-'@P$BB7M
#.&0/G84^HH:DR]!8$6H


U0JJ&$=0R-H
M;(=0QRJ=*7I!9I;[M8=$^Z?EQEG=*[I=9WEVI:8IW









ZY
MC=?59 D.[;SX^*@1.-


M#N^TK&W+BB++0F90[X!F'#4@'R.F13I3IE.Z3 L9
K(\1JD7L6NW EO5Q-*A
MR\@&;?\+$_6,Q! B/;MA$^H3EMXQB^K]:CY7AA)-B0O?G9[N$Q!L*P*/

?P0W 7X-F9H6&ZPLR'W_=\N*_X\1&N

[ NV6@2E
M%<?O1L_.;P[0Z)'(ATL?);([<+Z$^IWM


MSXB37!1SJH/(D-P).S
MI#'\CKC/FA-0I*!K(2HAES.\(





.Q!P'&B2+XC\ *$

R#/$NKR%+-Y*\9O=$^+3S#+ .R;/<'%H.L



4?V7K_ 52((;L\D9Q





)N)


MR!BTN]#OA$YHE
6

MY 



YX])JF^
MO;
?D$5





M7*Q_V+'A-?KJ28:Z)--J.'E08W^B1K
L^)5P:7GOWFAOA
!_27^6WASL4U2:
M=BI%OCT(ZK4=.FQ 59

ME]145^JQ.%U2WF!QVI.F[E%)E9EH:X=I0ILE^L.':&AV6$CQ;K9E+21I%K
M91DJ*6IW_6%K*V6VR%:(E1LYMV
V.YKQWIYC]L%R45'B&?2
'QW/RRH\5P6.


M($!@.VUZ[A151$R]G


MEJH3D4







@3RTIO]C@;:=B-4

8?S)DZTC2
(]$ROR1'*5Y

M0$*6
'NNZ=(KLM36%II)$I29PRT8TFOFH\P6/F7M\#.CV:% *2)FTR59.82G



M[D@((F;ZS\U#=[G'W3452LPGD*77U*SV[C([W*E


MHM$[+6/O9A1-(M-]7)DDHTRE*%ES%$VF'GT0AR+%W+]NHG8X-*7^=1.5T&6)
M4O2K.G=&EAF8$I(MDCX)5'06)A^M5]F*LU T9674 L?EBX1\U6X=)FM%UV1W
M'8Z.AOBTY[=_7H\!?T@JOT1FY9'K@YMRF/-8\0L5!I^7H9R=#3/WT'ON09

M;I:5]L]Y(F](Z3E55B8*%P8N#(DP&

<6G=S29/TXM\9B-9)R

7AYSU MQZD^F?[
T8@--#HU)P9G%B/
DJ7.

\_RGR A^*SH &9TMDK4F;6THIQN6+&OF2#/EX&'/45U$(


D^N#Z]E_O_R8(OZZ?M:[[
MA=^[#$

_YX_;3R?NIF1)RNW]2:RXDQ$?XNQ-]M()@





8




D=;1P0ANXKN4!/PX%9WOZ



M0'J#K**




MB$&:PC&((0R:'D\5#A^#^$W?L2(52B5QJ&(&JM1& X

!
M=J#H:&L_7H7
;]?QNN

0)+%-N7; [+6O;LJ+(
MLA AXI!F'#4@'R.F13I3IE.Z3 L9
K(\1JD7L6NW EO5Q-*AR]MD/.GFMVQN





MU

5QW:J7AJ:T





6E1M!9.
M+RL;1/8
' P9JPT3J&SA1FNQ:%&
QGI0V031;E(D33P^3XB$3:';4J!.#
O-




MM-G EA$4W98'LBJM'$8WNSR5M8GQ
P=26D1S)$!ZBCJW'Q6[44#I3I$^JP++

M5HLS6T/OX5=&GTKB1*T#][SBF4E5(5O'/)CJY%
H6_6M3U$'IZK5R7TT'^J@
MFAEXL_;KF'N@W6#JGGMIG]-MG;11












=DO9
MZU!8\V*%A!^.YYT;/4XRISF)V4:/%!9IHS^R3STC34=IJDRT]5K3R=T_(6J(



:U
,!%%CFXL  NZK1:SUX.+GVB\+!)0&7
1M.O)%K.Y/1@ &SC+*+EL:V7
M@?\C^2#\-MGUDKZA3/9QZ]N]I*_8?@)+2& GO=T)_]^^/R XZ
JIC?1V)EBA
M

N^6/^/O3=];AO'

;?358X=YWHJB3.V
[?ZDXN6()G=%*GAXL3SUS^
MU$YM)$$2(
]4W=NV(Y$X![^SX&QX18J5M'5G0V:EGMQ#/S%ZME_(EH8A'9HX





M@B0




M
)6CD(Y?C%YGB2\S)-_QZ9*2$6#8GP3V[-D9H@!/Z.0K.T1CWW7]G^34^Z-_

B.#*E'27W)F#D:B'8DKBC[24J;X^@\
M3)YDNSC\'Y3
J?$2A]AV6;-?&?2S)5S _C7V4\F]]+T7[#F8SGV[C_Q@/L3O
MFFH&'+PX0\QZ7V29^;BR5NU+WD&H;;)_NYNW6;%]U]/1:GOU9*KI\)E./1RA
M9_\G_=4F?F889FTAQ=S8#Z;)P
3(1_A7


(FID


$UP'^



M0
RF2.\4


M3H!'E;[DPB











M/#WQ+IQ-9X


2\S1UMT+'K
M

MB:J+O9&=AB)W)8C9UA9LI)L9ERW
T]%$4@^DKGN;NTBX12RZ3=E%@?
G\;'.


M34#PP_C9*O3]Z4IXA])PT,2@(QG,[*8) S/RK_=RX9J?%?N).)^/\D*WKV






M8M=J-V


M1

!1;K_BU
M/7

B$=+[QH-)J.
MY]3]1RZL^=N@3@ _!%![Y
@50R]I)C4CYYQ

-A72M$A4HI-O#!%T[DNL%00!!



5*D]Q3+[2J6&

 ;;E+;DAY6P?Z8 B!4#6ID<M=0&'/#7
M'/X
\GRPX^@2!SC?'7\-P/:2//

$_ '

 9'/:

M&FLO4MD/:A7@6)XHT\A[C2^@#]#'#'VZ46*^9GM


M=3\K-6\


&D-X]UDX FUYC&;Z'+F
M)

Y%P<*PU<YFMVJJ'VBW\OMT)YY$J^JHY
UL.-

&D;
W; [I#_@_L?-BN_2J36@YKL !2V'W'9;

M/T41O?VT&]@#(P\]?M#C!^F=XEPQ-!TZ_!I/ZS0M0)#5V7U=DRP7*J7F.S@
M!W7.#X(^.NBCXS(JPWD?0*U^EVFH^6Z)[5*73O/))X'E%YKH2KM]JE;H3,21
M!(';USFW#SK%6ML,4'5\SK%Q&V2:=I7XDI0H%





M3^CS)E=..'3]


M]3$A2I-




.D'H-KEE;G-+EY6!4AVS3


-_2G^XH=LG-6F+8FE






MN9&/6J:
8B\?11F5#79J&078


S$*-BS

MWN&L;*0H0[1U?N@[ZDEDV2A84/(MIB^['6=VNPQ+UM=^\^UZ??7K/OWB561+


@C#=(L;0@:L8&+7

MLWIEJ2=)9KYAO18;L/*DHWF9WDT9F=-'\NW0
^G8!/ O !^)H GR%I?:OC

M%A;&@6(QL^Y[1

M]'1#+6SN^)19#@TCIV#C+O_ -[NJM;9FSUE?+/^011!%$$4JQ!%2[(.7XH#
MQ=8K?BT[FM$L\,=.!#77K&*.4',-):BB024H +@ ?  ^ K])KZ](:BY;F5M


D\'-J#4I


M [-U)*O:63?;
J7
$R@KR!8(5\@'D /(U4Q3^^M




MVW+2?




MO_\-H=^6S[!='-[A%^S%^#/M&?^&:9#/HZR\P^
/9]=WMU\?_QE[DORH2++^

OD

O]JULL9


S
19 .KRF?^LES/0M(K.&S)+&K^M8R_

JV/JAL$_J7GLOY;Q
L,CFN/0OQ^\4/ZS5F2JBPS5$BI)6


%=A:7XI%$^JU)YBF7VE4L/(HBR;D_8Y




Q'.
M9^E0!.0

1K2L0B 8^YP?))AI['V(I7]H%8!CN6)
@T+
CV OJ;0IQLE+H1J

MF?E7 .4-









M7L]AN9;K?!8;WD1$E1763N*F -?Y-.W!G\3'/



8S'MR7'I/7509ES4MJB6SW(UT8!0I3
'38^-A)#X

BY.%8:
MN


ZBBBY?'=(
OR@QP_2.\6Y8F@Z=/@UGM9I
M6H @J[/[%C=9+E1*S1'8P0_JG!\$?7301\=E5(;S/H!:_2[34/-='MVE+IWF
MDT\RR\TT95V^U2MT)F((PDMZ]S;A]TBK6V&:#J^!9TBHG;)-.TK\25H$G
M&!3J@!
CKA




.:

M=-
?9XL-V-[AJ1U




M70)LC.Z?
8Z0/1SZ
?VX'6!DAVCLNZ[_

M

=^DU
3.RHU-E4;&+[-


M-U$'PODQA&_FU7O 



QZA


$(A+D





XH5D%1G'RV*RB








MG (6ZC(/U6ANB

M+9-54TL$


'SQA6$&)F5






M&B7_2[IPD7NP0+JXD-7#)VZDJ]75T%9/E]3#W?#




9B91I38+QA(UT#/$-_/J3(WW

MRIM6:N

#

M+$5[@9X4T+*@94MG;*5*1[^)H62_.&.



0T

M*@OP ]H9H)T!VAF@G:&6=H9A' 1T6KOKV$^.ZT0.AMX&Z&V W@;H;:C! $%O

;WH9_DW%-@11N%/

M@C9%=SB]'#D.J+]*2P/\I.@

M2DKA2]EA@(QX0@(-?'MK)^3#@@ 39&C$BM'7PSK\[ZD9YNZ7VIH)'C4U@Y


DH%!







M4%U\;0GT!F(%-0L9U!DW6*4B=!SBQ Q

MN[H09N!++D$
68AAA74XVWYM/?T([#S:71R[PK
 #YU5_2@YPY
E_C?Y0Z6B
W-TSQ
MR+$7'@%Z6U

M5TQ=RV^$H126%$!R=C#A(&B%HYT@B (+1'$ SKY
[
CA7Q/CSC9!J+[RUJ
M=E?WT'HX8N7U+4IM6U-BJT@:FZ-K^B#^_$4.3[
L:(3BVD:*:U.4-U!96Z=X


MAH];T]1O-M[M[AZQ- Q0HCI$S!JJD^Q?EXJJ3F*(*EM53JQH9Y19

GHNB#L


M\W/X/Y+.WQ&U[1)IX7C\16-T9DY?5 3NO'$-I:25Y^5Z6&IKY*[G@86K:%K
MY!AA[1.



M/_SK][\A]-ORV\-ADO^]PT/LO- W?0[\
+R


[7=\
/9N7Z&G-&'LYNK1UG3
MU3

:CV
6WX\L DRW]0DC'(7G


M8I6&.*(QJ=PYB1]$7I%B]5)=DD04%ZF#E6 @1YJ

MXGUG(J25&J2Z
D?UF:):

AI1CBP


M0W*#'))KY5#'HCP@2YP5#FV9L)IJAY@9K]VV*G4XG)SE0W(95K3?3+6R^[R$
;%+$WXEF10D-,
MQ(.[:IGY1C3(65*+@IB9VH<J)$$@N1N!1])#'=*ZB_ MFM!P:#<4K?@/C$-
M*AMJ7P9-*X2F%1Z3NR&H&(/#XQ ZI&H_![;C@885 LTG46GF'/4!ZA74*TNB
M+/WDV@H&06PQ\[![=/&G7T-:4N^/T?7-]2WRR1H13;JCH1]&Z*V=JT8:\K&M
MS2&=Q)6WBFP=*2:N(!7;%M
Z2$'RSJ^*HFZY)

[U6
MDODK#I:ZEGIR+RDQ^/O 


M813$R:TY%][H?_%HPJZYQUV%SN0K*VU'E[)QJ*_D54%]@AG&YF8+7C'B-[!
M=C?2_F4DJYTXX?LDF;&B[(




MI6USE)!]:%UICBE:)G%4)5=@-C*T.



M 79I'DUP@(/N75*I:3DO
0;5ZJ7 5&#T^O6VJMYDWJ%))T=V,-]WKPA%W0


+]







U.()D9[3L$=AU2




MAT_


YA A&$@F?W!06$H-SDP_S$G
M'Y?9# ^LU&;!_



M;/!CIG;Q+'$JD)UX%3 
C8E%JBOQ69\MJB7OWVK+TW7YR'\A!??6IFH+P[?=






MM.DEN*D^N;&_TO'DUP^





MJ

M1EVFDZA.3?+X8L


')'H@L


M;XW9_!\U
WY

:ZK:$G5=/F!:T]+B


MP1-

G



MV375*+P'I22C+F9&G=]H&_#J8AD+&[TGA/\T0\_R?9P; *?:M+V0O296M[

MBL77JUE^QF1G?(]]ZRD*&Q;*-&.F557?5D75P88!!7+&2AO;+2J5P8;%\C.&
M65:5&G!34FO*&2.L*NJVUCP5-WG877;=V68THY28YD5[V?5G#*]6&NWIQ[_;








?3
?N




XW*]F6KO<O'@93WZZ1SFJ@I^%\?H


 P+VE'5C]SH#=IQ;UU)OS7
M&DW-)1'YPZGBA4?5GJ7D/&6#%]D^/:E8@Y/O9X3Q.0^-/DY\


%\D]C3S?+.SM<D3:VE/8_;X*=BA

O%$MJ






EDJ3]H98EO:S5)KMUJH281
Y;2 3UBY/)'Q(BHM%:+
M=+TE6M2X2J&1
^(5I1!MHH)7(HX^40_J_H

M0+AE'T);.6BEM?KDH.[O2KCEJQW\A2





MG


MO\:?/^


M+






GV#I^)7L5HOIL;6H_M



XA.:9$K:

^]
?]U=GOFF(
M.2;*PIV+:?

JM337T;DH56QP JI19G2[K^HFK(SB\24S3%QJ^
MJ@)YJKR]/E73M_7/QC+R+) !^%0ENT!C&WN%%\@ ?VK&Y*B:RHR#+"8L3'R
MP-A6@?L7^&GN/'W'P3V]3V!^BR,K-KK*]VR+H\S'#PF+SW[G=Y@MUKNGD4=
M7/A'.W2&E2S;.+AL8_^RDR4EBYXXX?MTFN!W.DSP=GR9C!*\IY
$:6?\QKHO
M[A]OKXLMU=R_U*0/^+=WQU9R=+E?_)^L5CLXL%I:67IXM60A&X!8^Z?E/1F+
MG;BTP^?OME
-K*U#^-#D%3Y.66$1C!?3P^LT:-)!C ].P7BY?6! @\Q\'_++



M-BGLH4^_AG@6(2*3;//.QQ:!4*(#T
74C[THS%-W*^3POR



1$ M4BW%BL)4.MT51Z2XGXP
M X?;]IA0R=40]M/DH-#P&%9RP&I^S&GN4%IR=X(@'!X:OGW4 ;]ZAU\=^;-=


#3A[MRBD+







/H(H0573Q4PM
FMXM (PQ&-/%]7K)P'- YW
MLD.:Q(!0#X1Z.-0CJB'G2VE H*=!+:)VWA^!



EOJ#5I;XME:3
MY-JM%FH2
6




(QZ0B

]!.W1

MMW+VFX@1.6EG

1)4HT.XLCC)1^X.2=WJ(

70^RI4K8BC4LPC^O]@
MM&5;@^\-MLP)3
D]3S[S/O1=9[3U+^G7%&
U_\G_EC



MA?[\V[LX/)_8]NS]_? 9CV(7WX[_%=M!A /W]=KQ;&_HV.Z--_:#J1TYOO=
MG_) &//1]8=__?XWA'Y;/.'?MALGG[EP7?\G^28.+[S1'0YQ\(+#C[9+_X2&
M9*7DZW=X_.'LXO[Q]OKQJ_VJRH^*).N/G[S(B5X?$QHUR92TQ_G#'P\__.%U


M#




PVB*

M[%S-YVX4D]5ZG=7LQV_'5WB
0M0[Y& !=/,S-E 495\AE/HPP$3'F9/37CCB.&

M%(

R&_K5\FNT$)JZ*7E:/\D;_BFW7&;\2^[U(

%X[*91JMR4,&<U3_%]
M8J5Y8*/*3C$4V*(LG !T<X/.T=(1H%=%K#P!M' %P+: ;0';PH?* MLBR$9U
MUK: M0!K =:#R4$UD*0C6JCM6!D'/*U

JM
R;D*^'
]CZ\T=^@P/^9_BR_
MV1)L32DP-F#64/L13@HI GF+Z^'7==.2):'_L!V4(-$E6!H\Q)X$C]OO2P



S/LS8K5^8!W%-F_D)V


6GT9BI$ #FL5PVKQBF&H1\H5KH1Z)*A'XL,E4!0S9Y,Y%15F'AJ


M




M
.3H\AW
\X91( \
&&







M.1.


M@QMOA





;[
ME^7!MN
I#



M:3S=8E_S.[%2&-+ZMJQ[DTLFD9./HA_=HQ/Y+

]M?]RKNVAXR8+





YLJTMI

M#6?! O6VM7





N
M:%M=I_2X8[#K3*3;]PR;OTBQ=

MIT5T9YT6)/];!CIU *5NNANVNPBVCC!O%ZC4
=983K:U:MNYYQ'1I$Z_!O+!




M'E!!!=

M*T4898:TDH*TJ Z3Z:D4$A)[AX[

R(IET\$.T!GT%)(






[7*^

?3!4D
MV^(GL-[H[MDRI\& 6L:<T /I1+$O)\^!<Y%6@EFW-##=OOJD'+B#Z(I.W]Y
MM?1!'LW_

MI

#5SOCD0/CPZ?.6FD-AHWSH




M&++_!#5

@
SQA9GV A^S!7.^T'0?(^4L74#/6UH8

;PB*H





M':@2R8E9Y=



M@V37G*$DOOGU7NG_.WH$M9?\&+LW.TO.&?.;
NL'7KV9]1-E2L)
17@ZA
;&
M
!4=8!1E2@:FY'X9KL)[#$_.E4[


MN

UB+=3[0@QW22/QE_9UWD=7%

GZ5$'WM
M/?:$H)42%Z'4F#%R9S8/0J.21J@X/J/ZK%D]980]-XBH6FD^U869&]]=Z?Y
M3VR6A6P_;

M0-P!0 FC71/3!QOKJKAN\DJS
#%%;6X]4-1H:]E9TKC%' 82S
(2#AEY+F7E








8C'M6W:7=W:

A%
#VA31HYN8W'8M
J+J

8IWC4[-
M36QC1'?AN*04=NQ3[,HSTP51TE;OH/VQ B%%QQ_X[O(DXEIF4#&L7E34^9(
M]ZF).33=5;O)[!FE'UE

]=]W?
MFNGLHZ%*N5$C44E:_]+4EN9].X:%



MI1-C0X6:ZY1-+0Y.OMHNTBPLNK]!Q(BG/-W98=OG!W A\828&\MY_1T94^3=

M$I[VU6%TB.&A##8*%_
'_I_=R(SW(J.D(C-0VPS-T\Q%Z
Y&*=A\0#I!1.I+
MXEYLU#1L9+']V.R3&TG9B\T@%9MVRPW&Y

4D+8_85Y56



LJL4-A*R@.^&??D/#=TLQY^8./:L2!
M*@J@FOS\-9
4(H(.6*UX,(=LJ;)24+TT=GA_&5=. *(4E#_-H4CQ10W
MCHO


I!])_:/:Z-&JP[TAZG'I(WQ\-6UVU\/3JT(4+





M-YZR]#V;J -886I3)6J+EL1D.CR#C%1R@QQP_-/



R=-)[$:
^:R;ZGL)X31BMWC

.$IQ&\;CPS3LT(TF


M+0






.F+T[CRF84LRO96J
M?3GI$V33LJLH_P-:N AO/
 I_-MZU1?=-QIY0=E]0 =4C/C&%%=9JND$2'
M4?R
$[-+PXH[S^9]3^[D.

MG@GK$&E Q]SJ.D$N\G8%7H323E6V#V@'(#- 0$K4@\*)%BS1=]DI]JZ[%E




QQGT[)#/H=\T:::CUK5-YQGT[S=





3;F3:&:7)7S%4TN-1Q]/-6K

M*].01%1LL=2TQ1I*G5\L

MTS
069/&K
4H92WZ(YDO1D/


J?!G$6 Q%G:_@-@W/Q4EA*%-2W
[RO9+F]!9-CA





7TM.^U_R].W9JJE '

M*8O42'37QK*LN5?R]1KEUK8]*TNWI.A+ROZ.[-P MV)UB\W Y2;YN-%)? VI


Y4?D)5Y7$U

@[H:!
MCK#J4
SY K93O'AWD^33MB^S\
L@S+66AFE/?W

ZZL89#7



PIN/VQM )9$JO'+;A)$9(=

M


M)J_13%O /[DFK









[BLK_PPQ^?'1\V:O(;4!]T
2.]$R]%


AJNF63\$K:/\^T0F-^'EF0
D:@?:
MI=B^(=Q^N7VZO7JZ_=?'4S+AZ<C\B807$[ZC4E

$?()]^T''MZ 2[17)BZSJL_$WQLOLAI[_8I8/#PI3/7U[XC80Y


M88=3(#3&)?J!.WQB@2-\/*\$;^:X/B)@X6_KR=+2[#,0BD*RP7!ND82O[F



X

M&\&+&&\;/AAA!

B+B!:OH6/5%*!G9HXEN6\

0E18I(.YM^*'(YWVB].OO/&-ZW0L=7JDM/'09_B
B:;X;?G@C

M)P612T@S)43- N\M6/E=MD82#[(U)= \FFT:'0KCK2U\#M)+7@%%6S
!3D8:



M*W\BP0U?^U


M+Q([EJI-D4OE%JJ!84$7UZG(KM\A=5K[TAUTRSNT2*'7VT4/ND/+M/90&^[L


/]MOB]4K%;7!U:J98XOB.I;+S?\CVJ
MFW'0LFE2T/:KE+M<&%5^=1#C;:XL.+)YUG:




U?^HU




^:L.7YP3\GY8;A9-8H[8K$O=1

MVUG:.C(*'@)4-JN$,JQ^&]4#X63%H#C0=TBU1'

MOZI%JXF:^%/10*VA4%46T@V&O0$7K
H$JPUH53S




+_$#
MUC\&


I0X?



_59@DVVU&#0


:&%







_W


M-8EO:VOY8HP3+

MW40_=ZA'





M6K


M:8Y('+3=R9?J._YBG&'.'S%$]S@U;RIKQY/50#FW)F=_AH M#DJZ?K)]2;:V







C*WO)H#4
MOB/XJX]-IX^K*R

[8=E.S$%_8\)DN;

M8BM
F\M& E#KSI!FY+QE%+H:D6V4+87!Y2(ULBD# ? 6%YX0^DSK
N=''PB)

V5-Y*F \W'
MWABF++8_!A?RHMOC
X2FPVWB/N$6B
JHI^Q.ZA_Q\$%-EMN_@HN^+W)2N16.
M6N&T(B+6@4AZV+5-1\Z?\0V4T$GXMP-_
8

ML%%=1R\[[Y9N]@78$P=YPU-%+TFE1X_JY\7ETG3I*2C)HR3H/9OIIDI]3B

M87^07E\5
VV )GO8WPC*




M[$_J
*45#QMW*TY*Z8F9QD3$#A3$2V(F!15B12RA28EC=+QMLPOV:9@XKCI
MU;4])2Q'-LW=+XYTD/4D+$^-IDQSLPQ/A


M'KH



Q'/4R%:NT4]&0=NP[E26G


[
M_@RYP04+DA;ET3_3Z+]64.K=?455++/]UHI




MQ8+XYZ[KF-9^/;J^8:X8#%Q!TJ^N #?P*Y+_@RBVGKUG)]SR7X%.DC 51:
MIO:\Z19NMJ


M!M=4(LC
 =Y1^H5#&N$9#_?6$0Y7(!SZK*T$:7.+WG3X^ JJIX]ON:5SC8D
M-*VF.DIF.I::G1KG2WS&'86Z)(5BU!: A+N:TT2P
QQS9U%XLO?=0.0:_FY





RG6)_S$_%^*G81A[ZO2&7!FX=







/4H*!&H(6X!;/ !M(&9!B(=+X0)/P^#

 3H]6#6JBUC_?+KV+J:8M

&KR$E@BVSQ=^N[O[\.?MIT_U9</PMW3[Q\?A-LO3U=??KM]_^FC

4
9&A=:FCAB-+HS+
MD^1^Z11ZT5S6YMWU^<%Q^6)Q\JFBI5(\N#P<U-D03S\'B'3^&[ZQ&8HFE.
M<= [FLP,JAMFFTM(E



MO6%MO+D4A%LJ?X43WM[R^2^D^_A80)L[0/1_R9VL_&;T!(SC*9B\+AJRSIJG
MPW

M5
[)%QV5V$ :BE:UF5RQ3

M0#@8#FM

M(R$\E3L1C*2NRHT$A$Q5Q8-#E/9V$S%MB!)
/XE)^DWU]YJ'C+ -AZZY[@JW

&-@-Y85^BC8D!


M'
1OX-RBYP3745-_(R86IOS1JE0[XVQ


M







W

MCWF3H7SX2LW*0I ?7P-PGAW+.+!+D30F78H&Q6U1


G/VICH$<FZS40=!5W^**RU76@:.<AMV7&:YM(
 5/H05G/5


MQ6?XH&4YNN8#W;Y3*628[S6'0(LO^#


#N%
3^U;0L?$L-2*@8VE(
M&AJ@R@T\1\LHMD3(%!XT2QL+EXQZ=[RV?
UL@_2L!C!+ZH6
+$JPB?%C7


MP'1JPJY+M 56 B\4*\D(Z-F*/-UVKM2#SQD3FCK9HR2%6 V94\G
=*QMIN:2


M!4842PM





XU6^CZ29/02'^R



MN





M\R#T2OB6S82.F1-:@?;FO61X%.5E%











M
0M+\X'(N0=?A@_CXP$@W[&G\!UAX3H3











M;_.;SZ9MSI?SSPB_=O/;1WV&C*6%[B8?_[.$9WU&_LP!7L(4*_U;A+YH\^#1


M'BMOA4$]X33#2AO?A7E_A;OPT+X9S.U]TK)FUF+NZ1B^M GM5.I*(/P=

SZ@!3BX)CMUJA0M

M2'TUP52;S


M/ZE\]=J)6KBFG,97MT*DU,'/+E'%V(8['%UJL6T@?J=&&L!9(*$])4I4
M-C7^YW:8&)%RP
21E/3 TA@[_FYR9Z


K9677]FYZQ]ON*]GY
MI(.39VE@'-7UJP:/LOFSYEC$2F&B'$@&1K.AVV^E.&8YGDQVZ&/F0*J!+
N7


MRZUEL6LTC-TL[[/67:-AN&2YF



M=6S0029;:QIA#Z;W/5;Y?A/
NO[X0Y_AJGB(XWQ7T_U$)7PFC^]7OR-C2M0C
MF)&-ZWYC+P&.MH6GZP_O6Q/:[TT66%8!?&QE/X&9A$C?18;IKZ/[U6?M![XI





$8Z'%WWI0E337*48!PWATOR!_V<WGRDK.PY7MB5\/LU<


*IA!

TJ/R#8=]ZOM
M(7WI(B.^RZ8X^D

M[P/
._PDBU4[B3L.?H92\N!'I0]^]K
83^]'_G!E&]=!=\I/2//0W;-E3H/S
M_5O2]!

MR 
3
+M@I
KS-F?\[8*QK&*7A)$JW&LIC/6ER'8A297]M13)$@+)$FJEO $
MD3PTC[D+0ZKV3U7&R4LO+8PCE3P#@A'5!6@JJJC]D%80@H/2#+O H\J)SPY

M//+9!2 5G+03P.K/S'8!2

QYWGI



EF[

MZ.?][WY.OGOSNO/6\X#0C[^6 ==W0&P[:CT^:A5F(+(QY)._YW JU**#XJ
M
(=J]1:8


[V5
5!^#JI(SS&#%4BJU^$

65&;D7-11[V1FDTM$%*0

UVV?!
M0E'(YY^!%(2$PI9QJ+[%' MZ5HS2[TO4V*U2_AD+










M[X8?GI%5OA35A1_]NQ'^_=4T_-FE
H(_8](O-


MSXYEI (&LB9(XW





M:0ZY56F.5''!C2@



]QK71!W)O?Z^?WT=DEJUS61KR'GK^G\[971S*ND



6\U!LTIQ5$Z_#CBEL8.FG4$YN)7O.=E1(I@:8*7KVW



M'XP-1J=





P:E=G^H
M;I4/YT--]SV\HT--*Q70UHS52S58%4]VYM.7N:'BAJIJ0]5ZT[0V1LR'.?/Q


5ET.3


MX)Q1

<SG/E8K#3-Y3.<^0SGR@'D
YS98\IG*C*%D\]P

M

?'G*!:4*=!6-8UY;2!C#.Q!S=&#L8&O-!U15(U:C-$V
.



11.7O3 @X[+Z9JB9CJL).C$O6IC0O!/OYGV88*






M


Y1#J8E
?



;7B&(90[L.LV8I&

;TP:A




M


MC'[+D!



7UXCC??HSZHG)O_W


7L8.6Y<:SR'/Q9U04QZ<_*VHY0L_W


M6RI?4N:+5UF*NT*/\W)+JXHR*%;D0)! ]-10(E'BP0K%80A#=I!:O$+[\5

QM!N

'K8[*_-@4]LN33:A?C@#X
M3FJ^ZXHB$D3II4?IUV:P1+;FX6#I.:P_'BO$4)V'A?LGJ@;G1'
K;=@;ZVC6
M
/&.C(?1.0U84Y0E74*R%7G1F ^




D!2Q)^5
+JK4D98*00S3D874(



&_DNIPD#S?6D?F$2YBZ@?P _$KIV57\D;V44?S@\)7K
M!L7P=Y3CL!] $%^G(-[H#]1.ZH.RK5

M?2&*CY[?!ETK/;




_DP
MG/^



UDT)9U




MZT'G*LNS0GJ]:'B05,=V0]B^C5[0@I4?G9M3DC?49P=Z\A]$-$GCT8/AUR




MG



ME$M:&^HEK2]&[6&KG^




:,.4QC_()M=T''K&@X/ :!U'NZ+$C%X:<EX(R,
M[0]&8OA7)@4N$VO6DA/3&6]T6-<XP'CE<)XW4Z!:W7]W94).AL44T)4JE-P

'/'=\X+]M?;K@) ?1=




M13RQ=\0=&^_XB
S


.^<NRB!696^:\P;+
M%TYJ9T;K$#%SPH'9$.Q@#]GTCI[_'O]&?OK/$MOH!CTNGWUK;)%XZ-C&.7?O
MJC/H*[7Q:V]*#)CEH$=T2VR3C[T7R\3QZX_MGW/JK@CE\^S_/;66ZPOJ]+XY
M=U<]:YXI9FK^T?Y[RS=MEJOQ4_ZZ)1(L_?C5)<$L#BPO=J23]KZ^C&X.%=/




?;O#298#.P






FZF
+%(GGQS8[[/_S]T1U;








MHRJAFU)Q'FY
W+HK@Z)8



6FN0ZU?DC=?M9N/?;E_%
M9#4

M#F__#X[1B0G10@N;Y,
MBN8T9P)8\9N&C-RM1A- C$G
_;2F'$WQZP CCF\:F'










(A(I



M )
DH7-[Z-Q5/?K4


%



;%#QJQR%E1[7%A;'UZ7]50E$WTD*Z!5QT24210NX*Z/
MT)1L(
JD2M6Q=IF]NC-MG(MG]5'&@E%E.^N)A#%MN)SR
%:8(N_QK8K49\.*
M
N
D0Q:JTQR\/6Y9TS\%&Y\D&7K R[^U+EYP%+M
M7<Z\]8+&W<'KZL'8H59ZP$?+K9UY0&L*&T]X(+#K*U*ZM[M-Q.:7%PW.*.W
M)&



MM$S%)UDS5M7B_!))







%4)!)_1\]@9 ;RI
8JE) SQ@^*
:;QZQHAPL?ZJOS


M02E0I7


M_^?2:4?8/MV?^T2DRU=2Z;NU:2?M4P0R%(L^Q:(;(5
]#VX^_2GMT^]6G]$?


/[KN^-6R


M
/ZTQK(IHY)/W_J&Z=+4!

M+#*M62D

BIGOE3
M[MSJ63Y


M\V.R;R
]?DZE3NLB*@]YLZ8^SZ





+G KILZJ4%)
M7^W,T'(A7<-=M3.3@POZ^KU3PSY57+4S(\S%?5=ZASMKE<]5&U
.K%SVPOQ

M3JJ1QQE9N

) ;)D
MG+R=RJ0]I^](-#MD7



/N0&^KS3
BH-'3%$V'IA7/QC1YWQ9:Y4W!
MEL]
Z-



M-DX;%;%%$R.%)H:NCT9B)(1IHIH$_&(N3II) GG
%3!74XH&HN/.L2OPV!



 LFO3
M7
Z7M&IWG)I'V72L+0D\_N I96Y R3LK*Q'R!9



3





M*OKOJPF:6_;J[9



MB)Z#G\08W9/@NW.TSR2

IH[T4S:KLDA
MCW7-/\N57)F\D(KE3C$G0F^W!LWAA7




M.(R3]V
Y+]@/$FWYO[CTG@6RPP;\I8['BQ?YB:SQ2)EZCRM3#W?
-GUD#WN&
M)EP3

MC3Z]NN3_]NYSQ.^SQ_8Y8OO4


A1O]Y_(62)O9;2-]C%=E?1C/GQ[6 ]#32KHXUL\0/FDC+.K

K=\_X2FRPS^M





 ?&+&T+$'
M2H00U]8R%T)[$$AK\/H%B_%63\+BX C#@X_RX[6_6]$;W=3[Q6%?:W]F+;9?

FRYJ]2\
WQ[3QD_N\\A-=&O8#
MP8\DX$9SG;+#+4A8UYZE&; .=]?.F%$M3/-\^+[ 9O1O/2\L6\^GK5'6F_\?
M$@\1=4C8'8UD#Z(.$I_D'=28T=PRM2U@CZ2N?$.K
WQ]#D&[MP?MNIX.QZ











M.W ]?J'] OPG]P$OPJ0 Z\SP3SJ?_3?RT]+#0BY

M]-2&.'T!K29.W59Y(

*9OK'P@WULOUA@[

=N@5C/Y4;RS(Q
M



!M

<%][RURK/NN2KFT3DO'2#
I


UIY2R[C3VV]\!@.:4/V:)9JMQ _91=;
0YR]Z*7^CJ&UR2D9N,FG=KMY:#'--=F)DRGO+-VV7





._X&)82!_HYK_4O-8

)H7/=2H?.
M99VT1Q8:/!<7P7XXE5*
2FR8+8A/PA2
A('X@?& #@0$4X$ P & 9T&N8
M^($!  X$ P & 



M]#3


M9]9+DY9=CJ-HQ9@#?V@#!L=4!G-D8

MT)F@

4?
M')7=
5


M;^D#HA]#D-AODN_0#1&@1.^@5N?M9IC]TPQ[6'LE_\7AD_
]496VV



CO*.YF



1GS#I.0G3G'-8]?;9
MX*ER2'VF\*RMQ%R#=I79@!O7#_*SE:00RLN!2@PFZ52:T+M%%C^HN\P7_H;L



S%] G
M 5AA5ZFJZ2+GZ 10Z&I.=N_T#*47I6K@S!=T2@YYQ1SJRN/JE)QD$70&7JYS

@
A%=-A.07^] D
XE]\J7V9M322Z(MP
MCH9




MU\)J(.VOI=C5$*-


(DK3


MJB+Q]X5+63UP8]GU+/]/7_

T4@0 T19TD$$:*(1

EAZM
M-W87D4110/Q7M/!_TA9+SU\B\D:R.BJ A
^)PV[Y




[%MO2)_


M-Z 7F8APS1DY$+UYY+
PCD@I(]

]BB/ B7:1D

+-\D
M[GL91WSDF3VF@






STX!3MZV



MY'%?U'-*=&.0;9I+Y!_4S].0W7KD
!ZRFX1AQJ%R0*ES4:JGGWS[6)X#(BF



-*HC;K7-G&AZ


W?_<*E]6'H6<2W]]*$!_9
B^C&!5J([I$9M8^+;G%_






MQ1^F6=60+U-DDZG.J&M$U%:!]GW9;BOALPZB[)/$I0A_Q;C=]3#Y*.N$D-2&



M)N(CS!)[!XA]7NK=LH(KI%PJ?)5\'5BQT*OQ+O8M
/+0+<]IND+54.F(Y0ONVVP*


M

MBRB:Z%FE2+SQUK BYP

T=QR^LL2%MYABU

MJ7:K%U.JI6G7MKUI);O]/


7
MBU^6T3+6RSK\()T]:
1.=]8) Q;6 K?ET^5OC-X.-3+96+TU&A':B66FR!!L




M$EX9%T\7D

MN
%





'C-#JVCP^5RCS#.
M &:U$IVI
4_F

6=L#*#%7*$113+.?DP^:(?
MMA6)[X#'5\]IN5F(.1Y?Q05
6_4K?ESXLUW5DKB]U-*NX\JGK8(S=FMI?:DL


:C%(8)_0=
)J[OSASM&$
MPY;!JJC$2(RI2L/L*UIM;LF'U?Y7NSY/7@54$3C5:9YL':*+%*
I8J;TRS8M
M;6\@XBU1!7M7) ).D.W=.F-C7[)+KF4;6?DMAZ:M@YD/6QBVKV#!JV9]8$T
M4EY:R)@A]6J=DUO#87=YSOIC?]'7;819!PD5_EY-+X(OB]3C1



&*
M6U


A5K^K4HAU$DODO'.39(:Z!N+;DNM.

MO0V'?B-;NW/\P%NRTE2 




71@U=)C_:7ELJZ
#%L#< !4'M_




L]XYVS647





MR&6:=O$LSU4\Y3]M1S=!:RM3O'#[SEG*P94N&YX;Q!_DR[V5PV(DH16R]X

7M.AIJ4RJ#)C]5(55LF3G6'Z
B@J4%1E*RKE55.D

5FI

M2S-8HH#V;=;09(+-@/%9*)@OV ]8VS'*?I/HN_[RV;?&%O(HPU(&GNP^U*2M
MMB:V^TH9.DR !Y1 98WUA;(U;:8NF9

N:UCY#F6
_7CSW]K/;:T
F5K%'N&=ZJ=T@
M!XV37[R9$:[RJ;9U%K/UJ6&EYY[J?T3$:SI'U;8N=0^X^^62;ZUP+[+8);:


]8+HO#[



B

MWU\2OX\]Z;!#G@R'UR:3QM$VXX[T2HVH0POM5?FJ6./H4EB!K0#462LRZW



M


M8NUM;:UO0;4D34R$QT8I4Z**)9]H



XLX
&[QC@*Z3<2/.JX KCT+V;O8YN@S0;[B+Y#S




?;(F=OE 8!^!U :C
M\;T&R_$#;\F*3%/*






M0IE
ITS]E


P_1(KFXMVJP\A9UVB%4
'




GK\4 UDLF ?JY:K#DQ@]X



!X.QL/)IO)KWZ&O6JZ05R$#6P!; %L 6\!XN!QP




!]H/6 \]1D/M)ZHI+
Q




90
'VE:E


\LML=ZIH'PDETJ2EYLJ55X[[/3I0.Z]K-XZ5=X'




M91KZ-Q(W-KK
;$WV#D+R]/DIWM:G)XY(I2JFNE&IF[%?

M
2F14:(Z8NRQ%(XHYUW(F$
 S5 _S2#?='@%,B3NE2J@3PU)5*^=3VR*6?=
M-@9+)LD6$YI8:5^K PJ1P&54S
BT4(NH)/\= )A4B10SBI0$G+?MH.BD%R
MQ:&7W]A=%J=; 




EE[?#%JY1L_72^/(3R:C-0(RR4\FL-Z*!
IZNZ5#I R1



M#J-Y*MRX#+N&T3R@XQJFXQHTJ -(#Q(/9&^2Q#=B-
]]




M#F?JX VAL4*A



MZ\)4IKRIBK.P0IEG_EF9 4;RG(
%9
J=U$L;@DG





M\] ;[4GI%/]N
ZVNL
LT];CH:T*2+_XY*ONKZ_SH*WM!LB;_0O\_0&\;L0

5C8/_!?2^L%V?23K93BZ84*W-SJ=T?)_VRX^UEN[GX7D_G3W;O[!T84
CTHO
M^?/$\DEPJAEMO:<%KO;J60'6QNZKHYF1(VUS;:3)YX@,6EZBRJ2EW:[_K;TB
M7W0L+;ID:[9IQV(L=!\BSP8K4<SIR@
+?1UH@_




D_\9'XX'
M:I^XO-MP.-%V-C-*1 0I-9A6F]CNJS;#XRD-F!-&?]J$\MORE9]1F5BN\B.



MYXXA3DSZ:I_#
^5






M[0Q:W=S9K%KT
KNF:2QU5=?.H'$!;\81DM7G8[U(EO:;GJMMNI$
M$BYLD
)23](@@Z6JM

1V


MK+HDD.HD+$'E)MHDG71DHE,8,V4)V&M*%9' H&,*4_6E$LZV;J?\?N_79[


+(/6B

[CXUN#D#Z2Y5=
O2J6Y52 0R-C_:^][F]LVDCY?WWX*E#:WFU3)



M._HE?%8K]AP7J/

^I\&






MZ

.[KG^

MOH4(O3Q%SZ;6XLX6EIGO B?'Z;1]D[YW7Z^&)G=Q4^OY5B27HJ[C064;SY




Q%@\&@=[^A!
ML)4WI93$90/_UBJ.;OV$.P





8ZAD<_-*2:


X7ZS+-(KS5(9W431/6'SK


5Y







M8

$GX2IPG*I2BQWEJ2I:[L/8^-(RGW8
F))-XEBXOW;

6T%7DGNQB\8-U$]TQ6!*1
ZWK
M=9;@4K!HMZ5%GN.6YT25$<XA9M<FY[=BQ^5L5]UNIU9R(Q)Q)#MQX?DB8R3G
M5'+8U&


PR7;KWA=/W2C).Y/:9GZ'H-/! 1LM_=G6
B*Y(#6
MF(L!7O0BCKF6M=TT\

Y2)196BJLG^G[NZ]/3O=??LIWI&?X?+S?$UE^NLXD


MV*X].;'68

Y]M
MQ=G/]]NO_):)UK

H-^3O+-DI;7*8G/W%/
M# @L;G$+45DN*9-5(UH595KX%ZZ!]M3B'BUKG0CA; G7]JO+&6AD_
@07W^U
MBGTAN\%


M/4[]?A'VH\5X[:&QL)K-L]H/T]B?IKF@4U

YM;J/,=YX8P+S.SN#!-A6-#5JCQR0K(8<BDH&FKFD<G^;P#;SM
MP=U66Y:_:-E

%.'GH$I


Y[-E@



F*-)JQ


?V^]#ZD%5%

V;):KY]GL/5DU_


M\^U\OL^-^8Y'\QT_?.R^$

M[QTA[QV-YCOLF._9

 G








M YZ!;OC)H%H%Z[DD(+364ZU^S[56+.:E)79S%:R8!1[/#TPC*[WA$:FWW/N?
MKF/&8XRB=;6P0STZKM8)
%&2@ II_1-H^.\:##[CIYUR9CU,4J9)1%$JZ/:
M5;VOT44&V8S;S[W^76.R&N!QR]%7%E/$Z\'X-@^X

MN-FOS\)Y\0&OTQ


UKMPT?*_1E4


M4S


\(XPT?8;R7?07XH)

M7I@HEO'JA' GA(T(X8&C6*6QX[R.\\QPGON(S*N7PZ5Q_)M)RVK^^!?YTX0N

MW3[L]J'Y?=BWGWQ!]5CK:=T



L8VZU9^26E)
M=ZDHUG([\?')3W\PZPXFP/

F T+

??P&3D2PVPPM;<S

X

MYO#I






M);W^^_WB]

M7-P



M E+RP@P0BYF/$!![93)T=#



 H4$G



T

M))'R6B:CL(OZ+8&%;4(^0@(LR294



ADZ'@6#6$U0#_.$AH=Y4O4P

O6F%!P*93)T' H3':SV'0H5AI*^H7,H[(2@O=L:^=$
M[/P$#HK-1F4=N/QO@OK8&Y=L6W@6=C -;2IR&^#WH*F_ -&/0(-^ 
6OV-
MVOD#M'#1@$;EHH&L=)&2G:\E6Q']!K4Q2-BN93)T['R#6$W16\LI!=NU3(:.
MG6\


M*\PGRT=(87QR2KI :Q0GW])/2E
ADZ.H QK$!U0Z*=^0@!K
ID:)7![NN
MM:\$5

MG&]2
\-0;U
@8*'QQQ



BT&@^B=&]O5


5-ZRZX@8M:?' Z*@S;D3#

?;0Q=-CW
IJ*9E
@JT6E+D@1B4MUP:



93(*M%J[^!JAX0TCNI[F8PK98N


LR;U@.U7]@!:T

MDZ$3T& 2*_1VD$0L7YD

7/-W67*HJ5
M_!U=W:6=NDOOPUG

Z%-@H79.C:-:$A;$@VI9D0;
M VN ALD
:(3)#&1A




M

M-H

MDJA
629#2R)H


@?6


]3(Y36[\T9P/NH6+^'/C?5+[G%GK70

M0'16W.]N'_UU=@-\QI(?Q$/X


+880&6'7M0G-@3; NJWR$ E@329=5-;O0)%@8
M9TU(M%DMDZ%E%YH$[,+)S3LPDEMN] D6%@;K0F--EH321LMM:H:!@7\$ ,+
M1BB 52)#JS.42; PQQ^,T !+TF%%+?W3)%J8T((1&FC5[@QE$BW,3PHC--J
M6R'=J(S';L)@A ):)3+T.D.91 OSE$YH-
.=2)KA*G:&







R



;'A*Q:RA<\#Y-_MEGB)


M3^Z AB=W(/'DMJ;';\^7EHD[H)+9.CYO8VAY3J(HP8&&!5HD++Z3W10:KB






--

M]Q0G)5'%U31QBI.2*

MRIKAJ2!E]^NL?Z'=5L


&L#

B



%U)*TPU] @3V$W
M5



C%
 JD:$5 V80+*P&-Q\A 9:D


M-7/5Y&F(&&%\A )8)3*T# M'!ZR*85'1L.3OZ R+APR+)QL21@VLE'U7MX
M-VJ+U#

DP)(4MU-3\ VA15ZY2,DP)+4PE)3\$VA6Y#$L66RV1H


*^B0R(&
MN4R&7FB[21

M*Q1CW$VBA7H6213&+).A%^9.T0%47R\BJ1K75V!(3JN^ID%S6K55 I+3JG]V


MQ;WZH6ACFX7$K@)OQL@[DV3:KMJA46L+'% K51/N-&=5U1[5A##)64FT/#5G


MG 

8

T$!+TJCA %7B$;0P2PY&:* E.63:JIH]'& 7W3! RU)
M8E!;9;.' \R2@Q$::$F.Q+;J9@\'F+\.1FB@5;O#DTFTL'L&&*&!EB0[Z@5


MF!TEYH^=Y@G?# :]X=_^^O6L_P

LQ?[GR_)@W)[-F-_ @



L


M1U-J^R1D5HD




CB=55TVT-@H4&
3OZ#1Q6=)7=)6P^%9<DV<WYN50XFAA):LHS?7BV7WF511Z^2**

W)N3UTTIIF#65R)ISJJNMD=R5K75
I*SJJT_D9Q5;46'YJSJ
M:B3FDO:=
6H8C&D8!N
J8RM5_3&IZXY1PV!

M'(M3]!9N2N
63M*M5ZWJCU&TT/#$*8WP1%F7[0.X%LGK1215X_H*#
UIU=8T


[$48H




M1-U&VP_0*.4]E-3Q4^M';:Z4XQM'#2D43EH*,M75CIDC:*%]A^@409Z*G
MI]B/VB1:: 

(WR0$-)
M9K=B/VJ3:*%=_&@4&1]*BE0J]J



M&R6F8GK+W]$I

]:.^\Q*CK=L
]Z-^6@]I=](;E
$TT4@Z


M4#A52UQ-DS8)%NIS=VCXW)VZK4A



$#J!M\9_8G_]GW?@KK
@
J?HD9ZU?
M?]
S1I(
;=-A$7#Y^2#7;
US80U
Q@-]VQ#;@?Y2?XCU H:#JJ_NV1LQY9Q



65)+<O7T?9F 24C%$6J0<HO










U=AO*4#1&UPZ/8'U'ZZ-UW$XPJY:DQYT^PA:%9=]N!X3_=[N

M;UOCWX?7D][-0#0H-'2[/;R#I?K@9@3CM-WK%D# L*XA M[G$1 Q0 PH+*R4





M:6\L-@^ONH/N=6\Z@1EI!(O [NVH/_Q=_5 T59H3
.SR#[H9
^9BQ=3$U)EE




M*\LN_?:=Y-A


MDXP0)PHK*^5EQ4RL[^*_&I2\&$HT!F2_BH;VXT!D-.;C4&T[#_6+&#1=-!


^:9GLEA\.CV2@Y$!$WON\\PD_Q/-&#]O#F



LPH!&*[!*?Q*W+5N5CF4E*%I

?%


P%!I_7\'W +\W8[]2I/1@&;.$\?RDVY'=5LQP[.LNJ@I:


MSVKX(RZ




YTNAW39_8#\2AA9%


M!@-#B_)C_C9$

B4UQN5




M+K6 B#A$@(BYX!


-*W75]&S?TVCY?^1S^ZH'!.A*R=[(S!O.'8X-YG8IJV;&L

(P


LT]Z(2&&
Z

MXV-J^W
/.ZUP__$8Y(TAFMMQ/



MKKNZ!1@M/06M$-4!]R;6QW*%0NCE*#$*BUBI9LB\_I 1D/N@/&6F 6I5HV$?

!&M 60$H

:@/T@$\

G60.$++[963]PPI/Q[7;COGBF]5$ARM;+%4KD:
M#+X^!C?+P4?*CP+(79R
T:E9@52&3BSOB_(4RV
\.I80@C9PK0NZML?R6Y:
MS[O#MRF3!+2_8/3T5_@Q10XJ3^/J0SC(BY
=W2RH#2^OJ?;IW]!KH8P_I@W


F

4&7(U1G%LN587BY!TM-
DVB&G-0


M-?NF
0?%*4Z96)++1@8






BV$





_PQJ&/HI_[1TPL!#M9W




(A_.4])

M^@XH2IPJM:V


6$ R ) '!(TB^.6ZP
MC
[8PN


H*GW%!FTBS7V@


M?D\\T$R-Z']N#N_7X'TB)D-Q(

H




R7:9



BGF+2;%
ME.F/@KYK;W;5]E(UZZ]T4TP^P EC&]1XP4H[RC7(G)_Z@HS.;-GOKQT^-%


K(!T6R!TH7)-=D8 %

M@^MPU\]4\A%G2U@U2


H:

M[#
M;:E85\5EO +*V'+^M98]N(ENH\*U _:68['C'KK]?W#6ACMF:210VW^@





MX4SD'QG35?04C=





S=70WY8M'F!R!!L]
7693C1R'PXFX



MAW(!


MY32+K%CJ7


M)]1C/K_S KSTC\]5J


J;I1H:SR2-9X1O8R#7 8CI9/</]JU[(HOA/54#
M:URZ643=?]-FP2WP\@TC:_][-@VZ9J5;1E;^-VT8*%Z^843E?[^&$0%?I5HE
MJGDB3:([!96.;-[O-RE;
P\ERGQZ2_@?:QI
/+OE.7T&DH8T_HWP7/3V?K5J
MIG)WS?T.]7QQW9$Z5[[G!+T@6%


7*9SFZ+W
A=J:EJ\90N3-*R9+=?+O]A9]
M5_O+
&7



ML@@KJ%&S3I87N\6[!%S&R6\+


\1+F.F/L[]C#+$SK)AOG%7[ELURYW*1HU:XZ



MCMB2U#WY;#&Q6NFIZD.+H7FK]?:53X!!046:;
PJLWBM9
.9$Q3#T2QR=7


#$V


M[/GKKYLD)$HB0($A*:3K=J)+0M@__H%[&XT&G_[S]=9L/?XL2/PM\^'/RR

M1(]AE.Q=^HD;1



%?H
ML@][\/U?D^S#F\C-'K

M7J^

M/$[]:_KVS'[[D/BSYX#QSYYB-OWMPZ.? #

WYJ
M3N=2Z2[90XH2]^8!&TQOHO Q9?$

'26/*%68V@N :#&[&QLXK2Y:/


+UCZ3V+?5C#W.*+_==G%B:M^;13&HWP

F+V1
0 ?*]B9+DBQ/@
MNI







=E,?!F3VRP6=@_@OZG9@B5B._<@S ^$Q.K598
M+-8N:!RX[?@9:=VR/[.GP!&J+X#=A;0W7YJY.#PWW.G4NTZE-'(4JG71?



@H1KU&$G

M%A3*?T@EE-V^\EL


 KAP
XHJ_MG.VZ'N
Z
M




^F.'E$P.2;6P6=<%
#,_
M]),TSCJR%RV]ZE8[I4D **5LN5 4DO5/ V=5Z[WWH*L6/<J56P-&+$WS7MCH
M42TN'80Z


M/0BKZ:\!K3


 82@EJ?9E*WVRM&4.M72]I3?IL\Z8;)[L5


,G!!0LP,96V_-#RZ5L\!
M=KVC[,)Q;3F.2:Y1NX;%WE:K1<]/H#%7?NB$[I:6(L7)@3&4O$-]F6IOM6HQ
MAE<J4&G]0%J3;%[Z45XV%T% ,I@N;NK#MN\:+RSA' S R\C+9FIO8QJ.$*M

KLJ/R
J.?'IN(YS;#^H7?O=@?4#2)T@B

8/:



MQ/KSTK:2'Z)IY-%I!])A6C(3VXD&1ZBU4J=M*1;S8WH%Y'4[DUJ3 ? .Y
ZT

MK]T@;#M6VSB5[I[$FWT3W$Q($I8N[YZ\ #?D4:&+D_)
 /D]90[.:IHX:?*%
MVP[Q%FA$;

A7-.U&$(U(

.V_9'8NQXS7W3<J3 %!*
M4:NJ9)IX)YNPN6*3.?RQ&\VF%5WB:G

MY:

OGRTR)A-C%:4 ZJ(OB\NJZWA@?(\ )=28&I=F*S

I3C7A&3$-B%G0NU-
MW3]MH




+XK^PPGFS& 0



M?F!N-VRK/$3T0QFFQ=I&V=K:/N6[


5Z1?
U9@/IN!N#5I8:-T'



577 -J






M6W1;;QO%CB;T=OP]



G1T9'%I6/SU*
A3BUO5@B@M@5CSON\47^Z]X51^S
M[ 1MG34H46A*K33(Z.CTBM.86.BH_SJ Q%5)16!4UIZ)CW!FAB$;T%?;98
M%VQ_)8.PPRFU3Z7_NM285+D!(6=\(82U'K%J;/#V'YB9ZW#XE'$.LF5G)6

A(Y00U):*CY!6P
MC1W(ZJI6TTJ;E7Q/;8BEL8BKHT&L;HYJ$S6QO+

/_$
M8E@^8B\@I#!??VO-=NW;2#NE\%K7[&I56.J.7[7866S& 5G\=C2YM5P5 ]
M))0B6PFWQ:HGA4;

M

M?LF9

]JYJK[L84-YBI=7.

R? ?8[EA3JEV-ZL9^ EEYF&;[\8$U;KK1X(O#PG-++1T?P-:G4
MK3*6-IGE[9F
X4IO:_Y!58[O'_V*HI'3L!&SVZIBYO;S;!ZWG(+\HO3!U

M9JG;9R:Q@U\[M6N+66

MUG5$W\SB6G*JKBD%)3TT;F\$
R^9=U+:MMX4I[+K VNQL




MV393 ?%JM#V6$6LO;MT2;38E5Z-6I4+3+']TGH@\I!0*-U.!UI;8@&7$JNVL
M6Z+%X%F1VHO\2_#9Q9
3/K+D.BSUQ$)_\


Q+;;X8<@0[-7R1G8U456A<HWJD\T.?YLLUBMFE NKORBRAY715Q2




&B46-
R$US; KZ6N




MMVT^


'-(U/78E& K6U#@ K&B1;,F<$@)7;<A7 MZV7ONJ1N\H4B))2
MMJ5A88RBZ$2*PPTK+$$^@;H+RC%33$&G)F:!R'*&TE2^6XC:5[C1'$ZOL,
MVP*E*!-^R/O$7CAQ_#:-XN].[#51^(I9$OI.+0L$3VM%J
E5C%G6'4;1::5

F%B%FF&UI!027CC/?NH$V;45

$\5YH@B+[CI:JZ




MRDUM
V
+RDTC@UPBZH8YB1\^]N(8+SQ6.12@/ _@)76 1D$VNFHM1LUUFMI.





3(-WBY2ZU

7@DS)FFM7ZEYFR G=3)9!V!




E/.%S68


W&BM;[Q


MBE/_K^SSIJTH33T&N$4J::P@66F

@H
M!4X*4A!KMQ)4KK-4W-K




MS6!SM:9RJ-VH6EL
SDI=8Z_#WG3J!SZL+LEH_I#XGN_$L


0(]F(3Z?'



MJAM!TYET?TL!(]=.


MSY1#OPTIJ!0?R)!R?:4:!9K1U\^V$6TXDWJX)


.NF[W!E2NLJ3V
MR?*B-XT8:F4 (K

1$?F

M\RUY3ETMB.IAB(92W%_-;)D.2G'1:P'?4O
LAO%?'3]
;B)P\I)!V'_%HKJY




MVB5)0Q3?.!HR-W#\V8BY\UBOI5?]5*@VE$)(DZ)4


M

A;(X]0(L!0[Q(YD_[4I=$#;K[=7$W#!943T1


M
 J!H0  0N0+ !0   !G:7
M
C Q-C U


4
6B%/OI!QXDQ0U[
M (0'E6-G_L[*)!#XW#\LOL#Q/__K?1K_]$:R/$J3O_]\_.O1SS^1)$R'43+^

T_^DR
MRL





MPY_G0Q3TO\3R\Q(

[IB&!@?RMFK^3O/^?1]#4FR[^;9&3T]Y_'



MR2C-IM57[X(LHW]X(W5!6OBR]QK'X0E;UC&9#ZCA*Z6D1!O/:OY[/5*/L9

M





M!05G]M8P]T-$(
D'$L
OSX
?]*B!ZK7-('S5.66
M7$Z+Q0\7L\
SY_3&Z$^6*WM^
%J;%-64@?;48HPRNMN]SHW&6_)&8GK._VCV



8X7T






:Q_0 ]3W(A@@DQA^37UE]#8K%AH[\)*(Y4+]2'8Q&8)=1

FM6SS/\^S
2WR1/$W)!C989:*L*'=']?M&+#P%IC<N[I)A-


;%
M37+U'A*XD&<O3:F*&V

W40%92.(-^+P=WCX/;FLO]T=?GX1/_OUZN[


O_


!?/D\XR Z+(Z='K7\P7C*JL2LF3K+&THA#9NGE4R
MYO.,BVG!M-:A,.W4'XP'<  D9+BLOZ!$-G8CN0
.]].17P3P5I0KGTHE/-H
M1ZSY


M)74^^7@%B0\.Q 2'ALMACOQ$_H7:S5ZE/@D:D+'A7TU.V:N9G)0_YT4'CQ


M%(/14_#NX%!J^6M4=&@

RF
##2F:2\0]*9@=VU?@?5?

M\ZCYW/7MQ-\5_MS)8I&\@@ZI % ?(UMRY[P!WB5]F^^);WD\0HK6CJVRKWTH




M(*.EWBE:U9BFQMIL 9^2=SFAQS:1O:B8K;K1W#])@G!^:79/Z_6@FPW%[H

T6N9UT+X
G28QN
M *AT3 6VM9JVVMNKB7M&Y^R*/MT8KZ&B5I5B4BS^6_7#I _K#2+
KK25 I






M'QRKQ
#__+992MI=@6FC1QEVGM;R=2
&Q $90LF'40EO%*PPJ:[BZAT]GW4\







TFU;'SOY+6E9_-W? ]5_R(@MQ15?J\OG#IX\AI:TV&\JA 0
M.7P0L


S#S_@!3W
C]
L(BH7MS5ZHI#=




0KB


M=M>1  ;.NUB0/:;959


U
ML?





0NX*-P ?G-V%EE5K^6$ZG






M(L6+X63F@KWVXHZ[)Y.%+#]DJW56VVY

UBEPH238!7525\JLCQK#I[X/#W:[/
KU;YLI:J<GC4^PN

[FZT/

ZSAH5_#$C

=0+*ZZO2P[]O+:



M^9.[D^A57+-1H25@0A
9
M

MH?KXD\!

V@R7.E$^T A[ :QHG *2E$Y
MT:H QF#D.:2O1_/M6JZ#8PDZE2X )9KB6@KJD+FDE= N6-OV_;K4 \F+K R+
M:ENXF;X&408GFGXR'!03DEV]1\5%FA?TN)[!.^%OQ'/&MV]W2OTG )MO*SM^
M8=U.X7] &%]D6 XY:.AB)%-P$P0^Y(1DGR)@J0XSX)D*


3$/F


M&R
1N%&4VL.0FV:&LM]%TH6\X.79)^$E@FLNBMR5-0
T33M!L-]25$2Z8&KO

MM;^I]X?#:!X6

9X#
[
MUV76








B+
MIV :_!E=!V$45WGP)M 



M!N(Z-=18RP I)B71/A:8] KPFF:*L2NNVQ%$O:M6&

V'4:6F;K;


M5K1WZJJI1-DS92@##'F@MJEL]LP\D\K\S4C*4UE3&*AW(UY-F&P2*@+\9.5.


-


&D]







M[1D9]


MRY[/0S5\!\5%CR=3

M*;.

M+A5*7!: 18TAP&^K/GD%./$(RQQCF/V_U-4I,Y 4$P%:CR_O%Q^YV1PH)
M*J4^ ?RK?]
N/7KH




QOS5[ ^S(#9J.T* QP[OT)1T=!'D]6CK?$KA%&OV7#+]0


M16YH=30











ZHX^&64
MC60#7H$&:Q0I55QM\JS$6 H3:+)1/U]


MI
N

M40'1



MW8.OXJH*W-]_SLD8_K#Z]SC-R?#O/Q=921JL0PSU!/=1.;3E.#5!^_UTMB[X

MO+)M)
J/\+*:  I

M5WN1\'G\2[/O03:$L 
XS'*U2M+

M;=!-N(_*L&$HB.M;V81.4MXYGZJ]5$IG1X[0/XQ'EBTA$[R CA*(&/99





5[;+./X\+Y-5?953
'K\'


V-BJ(Z4XW?


EP.9P-07S__OW7

M)%9O7D/^PUV091762U($49S_C.*)DEOEZR3
5L_'9SX?8M_+LQ=GF)YC%VF!


LU

MIK5[84
QH@#]Z
ML'<1GD[9Z[3,MJ;M(S2^4FFH[*JJ?0 NPN:+$RA9+EKFP9
#'F8ED]\]EXQ



M56[KWT_T&

MYO;B5WA@#?+@5)ZSYC4$3:$Y78JEKDI
!CS64=)'':0'

M]]Y8T75M2ZOE7O%EIT*+;LMJ3JGC:6C/$[-(Y_X:9'^5)']
0KJ*WD9T6RG(

M#:#UUB5







MD'IEE8CV7*BK)!PE3HF:P




0O\'@)0&*AF]93G



SY3VSPF=4OR
/[#5]5K=5DMP _QNPR*USW:$2MTD/9


!TH68KY(H18H70T6

M&/+N+/'5H[74#T
2DPQRP*K=:B7S_)$4Q?RAEOM@!O\SR!Y(2*)76?:249\@
M!]RV54MH6]4!C2'CSA*5[07RJ]UJ4=UO[0C?SU?7:@:CI[0(XGF*Q/+P?Y47

&]BXE#!F#EB:
3W\M5]X+

*Z+
 5$IL;?X88E1N
M5U[I2Y-<<8K\O0P,S7U;LJ;^<%J*EY 4)4^=4.@!,(KXLQ4@I$=N 420Q1B

]
M;

G19*##G#T')SD(


\40/5__B!Y$27C^1WU

MYC-IE%1EHURO*70 R'Y95A7^%W)SH4N?3-F&\^ZPF8 O@:O(/=?S5]C=
9
M(?!LV+*:HZ#2H.O/@C0/RXTCJ5K@5HXHKA@T8PXWT9TS#['?)'!VJE+JJZ=V
MGB9!



'?
SW'6:+?X*






M$E?UV3]AD0PK,J-M(\\GBOF Z%?42FHL_Y;&+?;4X5?TEX*&%) H.#KY8V
M

M4YD+CX))P?'AQJ]NF$




M



M%=+0B9+(^3248FMNG
@XEA<W:A0I_Y
M)LQQ*3NP)*T!&R9K5*8$36KN #U0@IZTL:V9]@AZTD95'4&FA1H



MG%RD95)D

M#T)

%Y
M)DY)^'RV2E$NV'EVN.RT^+P;%!K)2 $VPL4DR


7M@2Q8';W@)EM9)89
OOC
#:K:EB585%F=$FIQ6A.




MZ
B3*! PU/W'05C-



;#]ZFI/PUW'Z1M%&
M

05F9F_/+YI&66ZFXRROEGA66!MG\&X]M;


4F'-\D;R0NB]KPFOR$@\NX5XHB9SR8I'@P5
M-KZ4018D=&2#ES@:SP

MJ:(#/D75



T #9KHD:+H^2R5
MH


VF

V'HG2&VO@MC!M#4$I'R +/&P
:

MGAP6$SC3Y(TD$4E\DA;5/=EK]-TF,^38A=?ECXOH],-!7&9N=FB7:70880
M

M4S5$5+J Z6#OHN?BB_?4C*3_

SFH 9B

C]L#+N<L\.



KHP]BMMBP'6^]S@!/!JQ8I6M51VM-0/6^@&\ U:/6V9
M3H%=.?PP$A9219L%\+&)5T4;ERCLG)4VN@0I(+23]718^ZC$$LEBDGA]W0O%


MXQ)^KRXK#%%UVFOU]7QRZK/R)7^$E.+EM(SA\LJ7+
USJ ].Z?]?^I]T[IR3

MO\-$LW;G#TLV&.PSC_.GW?-HEZF




MQ7F]+'


#
)TO59


M!G[/7KLY?D_KAV:C= 'V

M87-12HI%B9LQ]*Q^K'_?*XN]75\L[]6W_Q45DR@9).3?)





LH;+FKL)0+#U<4
MQKH/=[U6PUMN?O !3FEZXRBIH#*\4ZM===:00
J!.4Q450ZZKT^D3U*LP
M')SBZ]2\AH (H?N1*WH^
Z486;QL;/;'[V0XIO.W/[BX\9[]\5*L
*D?BIFM









!GIPI
#%E&K!-S


MQ_

2HE


M8KI.Z.C1
7&7)D.21^

MY 

MZS?153C:U5CO@JE:]J1!CR #QQN;5LS)3(7\*6XN$@SG1304L5?CY4M&2/(E

7[_/.CZS/'\
M&-;\K%@I6EQE4*$E8$(333#1A@*_N:@_/9L]AB)8VCDQ9O/)2J]H0A
FVM!C

MFELL%=
5WS57 (KA\.!

M/9KL3FK!=)M2)JLK+I
EQ7C0Y\6NSZM_#FO!=%U? ;3'3K&]K0 3E?_H/(B#
M)2/$T**+UE:OD;)^/UXN


XO7#- @JZ_D7'7\6261


UH0?%H<O??@BB&W6N49GD0DT<2EEEUN4/)O21K#NC0


%R:.-!IB:$XQ/FLTK[J!.2V@VN(GRGAI:-6
M*X(CIL6D.D

$5S*JQO
@C_)O2?J2D^P-



&ZURR2XRZL=(@(!&OKTV)M53UFL!L!*H^'

%JPW@
M0%9%3T'L BX+0*);1NLJSJ.W?&=

M%K%-/E1UH442-V(?%A/$MM8\/PI*=[4HB.\#NKTI/PFZTX;B.



M!;L1(









V
2K(:.R\7YI)TAQ.Z.#YR9& \


8]$/+FSERRX/=


M8C1&B%@K_)5.&RZ&_&3KQ/5X/V-S5%^#HLRB8G8IO^O);PB(T%@G8JFK$I
!


Z=#6
ZI=/ 4+1-KD$]Z2T)@)8?[
MJ$[Q0(HHJ\H G--?CJ(BIZ#NTYS*XC5.9^O_LIBT<]S*K7A[R2(B\E%D)$G





M=1/4S2T;Z)




/QYJOTE&:3:M


M(H@#/5)5ZLP




MZ!I@%RLH2(?U3!G@#D%XX3TN2[C

-Y9;X_0MU
6!X



MS
N7S

JZ2(=)U#X\B;I



M2BE&





DAJ1)/Y70%JQ&EM2BK3X;Y4$C@#LWN?:ARP?K3-NB_U8A

W47'?%9


5G%$XCTQ!97;73M)JNZX%
MM8_4Y[:X5)0

 ^6H!ZM422ISVW
#Z9L
M:HI/8W/D.'


MJ#.*_!AQW'T?6M=9#11$^6
R^U?K


*B[T:(+Z1YC52'*HK%-_P3/']0^=AUEUZQJJ

9+%)*_NAEC!_3&GK^D/E&]-@![!B7LF3&N35W]PD84:



M?7/D..U2\PVLC\]!$3;C8C'MYGFH@;$@PJ([EXT_40!49_O-9R#5HN
6CM




7[*R^WF0+F+?DVT6N5PBE 2-\W$M=X:ZSQ+W/D/JCHO=6TO!


4



MF%1HC$&9[/F

M_T5RM_#



M?24\N5O_#H@ 34*)CM+8 3 7LEE
B;-/





MI\-^;@EU'%?]M;6P


_8[C^W%[N274T;\DMPX?*\5KJ]:G!\#U+:&.X[KK=JY7=
35




;BSY4^?+&A0.+Q9\U-Q9_9AR+
M/T-RP'&B4-+G!F%^D9Y0(:/!?U(KA5F5VL
@T5C
LM$RHY**8



M@
LXE5*

HMDFK)L
M75?(

YT&J) N=QPCM)4!EV5^^O
M).2-^HZ\%T_?2?Q&OJ9)







B+-'DC2422D#S2%M4C[]=I
M.LQ)]A;1OYM_61J7UND& * Y:;-$RXY+&T#$X+6IM0@Y*K&B5U)E)5(T+@Z6
MH-BLX2/!X!C_.*6]IAF<VM;.=*KYRI=4
0^*]Y_'$KG=1[@
7-9XM=N\
MQG31$#K_V

EXS0(
F'JDA?CY))4@1

M%A5(SFX$2- 6?=?5!Y_=0O 8[$^K*NT=H2*GDC.0UPS08+IA+)2Y#@$WX&%8



1SG87!*;!0WAHT/3:Q6(GX^)94P?K( A$]_



S(L#5#\9+@:E^((4KQW@<;S?


3&S2



MU5


MWJ5G GG
S71B[*'-TM35BF^2/ C.FCL81OP69;-UA4.B@*-?U5#[ **\E%^
M,G;ZK/L0Y)-^,H3_N?JKC-ZH3J 47$19-F


MP:M./)4NJ-)\5EA[I#MY%B0AJ91R+%U)-GX-8T?CQ]




MZA1 .$W??8.Y]JHG 4HNG^5#\_P=%I=\1 ;BZ_&89'6<^'IRRB$QDLWOO<DS
MEIXSN-VA2A!]3S
3@[I4W!7]+
M\FF9SH99ED^S$1\;]=0T% BEF2O:8*9<9$ =RP?%/$\FD4\7C<$4- T)/5L



UT%
M#=T5VJYO#8[_;AHZ('+J




$E2J5F;TZ= R! 03

1@5G);_
+/3


<FT+EIGCWD2^D0_@<4\G!E!8F?'K[S)Y9^RRKQ7DTP7_*DD

M2V7S6FT$X^-C0%]G@7A-IDC-NLTUH



M?R7+T*




B$;53.^^2?I_FOOL7&






M[PZ25X0ML

(#+OW+Q ?Z5





@P


2)C!+FS5!YV



_&-]-B]
Q*/AS5-B7$



!LG6)%=VO<NB.7PE9BJF?ZAH#7N(433=4H*)S1%['=[7B

SYW@H*)W2#0'R 2Z=:R3U^T88%'(J[[; %@_:G/
MP^&AF_9X1H *CZP]#)3'OEM(Q4Y$7&L50X]CNVWD-XC:%2VDPT/MMB 9XQ$Z



MN
D%Q;Q*BB9AS#.Q.JJ;5C#%:]^9NPE+RKH/W\AM!R&#XND3+*GU=8P/M9X
M0*I %F3B@?YTRVT/
]GO&AWNP1_LZ6GK.D^).E4SYOXW$CQ,I^&]8!PHB
((1B9\9W+BV^AV]SL[$-O4FS.TW'L*D:O%&

?6K6^=(KLV@N*G9)*










@#&ZKVT4
M@?K+@H=(X6KLSD0:




MP#?A86M9X,2X'E_ K0AUW&[J

MMI+/6
7?&^F0VL-MJ!6R.]BNF/%^[)BQ _MWQ
/:[F6TW6%I(S=Z(#0TBX%
MLQTTF/;..1?@C@3MWN[W(%0.MT]TY).D-




+9F53/KY^%:RH

VBZ7]5?SNO)R;04E@[B;::4T+?T]U




M;&Y%7$3KK!0)

![%/*/6



M]1HT
(S&\D




M-K))AQ8)QH!#H=T&TZTC[=C_&G$M*(D[F2$OU4;

MSL0=L3V16J#BS:CZ*
0



(S6




6

MV8(R5 F&8A1@(1-Y03!=Y[GJ &ZY.D:T])O+^JQT439$H*!C@2/8K59$#3H*






($X?5Z4




M+/NP?=TUELKFM=H##1\? _HH'!I5LVY3WQ48_(5 O/;*;3QE)1 PM&7P?[7
MF@#QP\/_SU]3EE1W3-_H7?8H$!(]\J#@SJ;(-0@H1,!@C_ZP0\VP7VWM6('Q
M.&(D3$8;)C.B' =XPFJ=,?.%X;?Z&VMUM\


M5@E85JS?J\MWX.#!)


M/%]_



MUC(I+[

RF_-%2/B-;U!W




]LE/+[
M_'%6XA13^CR01*9

-(+E

MT5D4

(4-T[;P:K 2T5ER)N0T#+A DHU:
M]2E#!ELUHP%7+0J&4PBL%;/-:!;K:!1@TD!%918+8%)!BTTE$P$** T8_8C
M%M^ZZ\D=2[G^&@KE\X+^T)V(;9Q6,Z?5NJCMNWZMQ?1(Y


#*GZPX*0\B&U#&#1![:KQG;_Q]. V3]-)7OQB




M?E14C=VRO

M[?7F9EJ

'L0
$ZV3K0;*?0

MM^SZH!Z4RIP*W!P:% 
UY14KBKKY:N0RF??ZSI-IF62\%'MUG23!1-.U8X6P
MW

UA[%N@.'%.T*DS!
%F]


MMNT[

UW=L

%DC))KC1H)A7#339&/IZ/J
IODQ8M5ZE@S4N!S:Y3K
MNS? )HUV'0$4XP%?Y%(F


%NJ^!PU56GBU2





MGLEA/Y[R\?4KGY^9Q@8@.Z1$\#]F']3P2#$)BHZH %Z'7;7&PT7=:Y8NM0E
MU_M[Y&GGUDAG 8HV893 EW]8)_:ZE8\\B+GTFY\VXFMH:@IE- H[2^G#40$

*+
M9



=!)#WZ
38XAKQNZ3_^'[SAD97\/_\74$L#!!0    ( %R(WDB/G;CZDE<!
M -*;$@ 4    9VES+3(P
38P-3(Y7VQA8BYX;6SLO6USXSB2[_O^1MSO@#/G


E/];I#Z\

0.Y[^+UM\#/4;B]\#;^ ;%QZ3?V-/_OM*W'_CR?PUYOZ

MIY]:Z0_IOXN/_G





M



H6O$0=_ Y.!

G?+MT/3$KQ'T_)/E^
MJ


MTJ#5=:NF:['Y4GQ2



PKL652BSEY-=/+7Z!2!UUA

M':C1Q
IV+;$R+JZGQGA3!0[/&WS])95
4P453N@.*ZB2G7[5^K$V3?9L'UCV





S^+(CB+:\





1D0D] P6?PNG!QM
M898O57?TFR=MMBG7TV?Q=*'L?1I3#PNK;OY04C11;ULDB*6;.A$@.TTZ(M

M='II8:#N;F&@BE



MQ7S.IUNTG1XMJ-
S&]2A663/2.3ZH2Q]JAS/R?FS?'#VXI6\

MSY(O4(QFFC[_ T:


MW 0EEZ[O^%-7)NJ?!^$B67J:']K]P%_CSUXY-
2C_'1EU:G;NG6*C-O;JXNO



+%KRJ3MWIVSJAF+&)H].F9J?/\$P /11DVSEZVP?@CLN



M:9WC_1@Z 'ZU1]):
6E4;TT1$^DSH-]R


]=SQ4S@Q*2:)I_7YOF#[[_NC]++JG.
U:?B5;2ET'%FQ)!40^YZ49+(H4V5-








K)'=4L9TI,9D[N:1A-JT=''P--FGH]
MT)K'Z-!\GN: 1BHP$BQ5BO

E#M9I5#@.3

MT)3U@:[L1I26YC#*F[#U75CA-DGNZN*-E&IFH=0Z@((\=-IQ
TB3ZP=:3W@X





H.T
S




MGS


MZ+WC!Y(FLHZT)EXX%)4):O*2:::@.@L=8#=3




;9:)
M\V AYJAE5- D;U6_*2J2AFSC(BEEG@PH;2/&;I(
\8:]F6]+OM'Z1).R57T]

M A










6V:DFQA(YE*S])RA5?N$^N









[2T:3!N \^=OFTYC;+5):K*76U+L7=H
M$T!%_5$HS[XG-2PZ9K)@L0(]1H5E CU$!;FK=['U(1 RC@NB&$.SF\9E'*OU



(/5'
M-SLQH]APK6$#$8JAG9MEX_T(T9_=/P=A_

J2!PP0HUC<.$Z

M-(O3I1?\^)7/GK:=@MLCJL@]C2HR:

&%_(J2R];L\*BA\C&T
0-HO LS
RC


M+C)UU9J99!]1S:&%FR4AW2IW%OBQF'1S



M&1#5VT$M]7;?
'TU

CM)R[+^Z

MOCO0IN]N;U*^
R



MW@/1:*'AC?!RZX0WH8S=\YF:-V8V+L.%*
P.- JS6UJ$3W6LF?8.$.$56OLH




M4UN\;T2^LURI(Z=6O7X0-18:UT( B#KL0%?FBC+?%YUN3=!N@










-V(H

:(

:L4.7GCX&%0C
ME!;9_PV5XF





L1

XGY(JH2;D1K29BH


7.C4*B-;/*0.-=7/Z(JE:C]B:8R
MJ_J:D


;@.-:#/KXDXH.5J)!$Y95?:UHO&\'!$.4.$V+V(
%
ME)
14UN
!4T^5O4USFRVL/'-=SQE3#$W67.2#C]M(02*PXC5FR0DBF_F7X)@
M%MT'7DERQ?8GF@2LZNOI+C:^_;J3B-02\LCQC


MI DY!
E*I^RB+2LN[8H8&!2']VP884U2**G2U=ZW%! TH1L$)Y:B$R)+1M


:;:)&




[6X_*D2EN*TS4\*NO.1X3.W! Y&
H:U-X7'E^EPM
M
B^AHD

A:(VF]'D_8+
M&U&@;QFW/V(0@LMVZS[=SVHL]TAJJ\=30MJ\4;D&%Q\?K!(H^\@(BHTK+$.
M0([$R]Q/%% [F@14I 6E;P)UU3P#B'0*K6N* 34[NU^&W)G=^,5I6TEXW:'

CH+E;PTI'F7F.<%GK

-HI9\K.YT
MDAW79!P_1(&%'CMF_(B:;%=G&H
#


MZ(TFT9KS


OG\K+UDEVB MVMIT#7RQ55
MU9X
!77H 9ME?8K







M1L&(1WH4AKT1CQXB:4
G' L]1'&[IW=Y=1V$+#D?HX?HV=#*!O!P?9D[0RDH
MU[R

%'$- ]]1
&&5K:6!Z(PW=]-F!XE//C\
M22ZGJ.HAKI
BNX*A9


_*
M^XCF#%W1/#2B\TTTUD*D2%A[RRBW3Y26^]I69._4*C14EH8KC5D9V/1Y*F/
M

 L_C9



MYGXMG9G&4;T&5W93XF^943^]DM[PA!5OJ49+V4U/6'9;XV0B


&L;KF\;5H1N6A4P.B*#[0O%H;;TSE
K03

MX= S9E^


!1GA
M1\*PQE% I&MH8X

9(J(N-+')H6J%_#$DBKG#IM8Q;P@:

+\<)T[



















MK56NFN+-C8.*1#:@.S\
J

MCY84S*\6VE3L!^^TB=&2MMYH=J4Z@XMV:MC0T:!@G'6?$#V\T'
232UKSV


 DZP].^



8#1UKN%X\!&
MJ.X8BVLC
LVZ\(PL+9\
RJG'Y%
?-=OY*7G4SR?
D4^3&ZV-DXU$0Z##/RC9




@4I
3P[T2:
M7HWT;N9R.4%TI58E#%.C$)U&HME;8LSSE=* G[G:L@.@@T2-H]*-AA@P
MZNP6

M[ 1$.C:C\8N,3+2T7S^@0Z ;5*G.T@,!/K$VK;3%:QGN)'#V(VSI4^6H8;
M



N$@N COU0V!(#!5W-
MIR0?FEV)GY
O
7E2L0+/BF$G$BN SK$$/?F*J&K1XP5]!K+E75N/7\=MW#

YNI46[[*OHH1S/C=_4F9+F\4((-!;)O%*
M_##Q+QTW_



O[&=*\7&9$!DG[%EFJ; .!-($ 6:
MV'8FB$&4?O.IJ(X##B1V FUM-J3KS_CL/G;B593*O=6)8_O$2$J_L1TFY4W;


&3?F/!DSW:7+D(
!L09S=DV1V3


M0* [C2XHOPX=!]7RAN?WY0#G3!VI^[2*9?R!L20QJQD




]&52-WW:^Q?HW!

MZ JCR[ZCV%TX96?8;%ET



P\4MK0:YP&1TJ%Y/T;@.I^0[3KZ&A+5^6%SR_T;
M

0

MPL?&V/P0B89 5QP-1
3PQ[!6^.-@\?D: %D4D1\B$0SH (O6*UXLEE[P5GJJ
5]$4/+_<U;5-Y1\3(PJBYR
*A
M+%$=?$A2Q-R4I(A)%PM
TD
*1.WD:4P^+DD(IAZH-BG:%*@8(8$*Z'N3I.-9


)K_AI?JLT4_Q!SI3*0

MZ+:MR#LW0F(*T!]&=3TQ0Y-KNYXO K]&W]K3&I$#N





M]9OIJW9H8U5O%;%?8:7^YO8G[T!P
1B)M

M4

M4G(^7_&'8'O6VVZ+*

M5D2MO]68UK\+4?C+\#UC]I&%Z/+0

M*N4^-S%X^O'L3I]9_ PWP;F17




G-


MWVY
B4_;41W^_9X4
CZ8:B



M-O&C.%RI2-L)4SEFY AH)?-Q^8%


JP*
M')1@UB'*W!UM

\]-!-&SHAF/AAZA9=_1JUG4@


B\%WGIRV'QL2F '$9VADXZ%+J+@W*FUK/J%AX]!-5]I
M$0IA

MR[LU;Z^XF#T1_2XB.4/7'!]=1/&YNYOXK#M&]C&C^UU$IH8.


 _33]B
M

M3
F


@/ BA10^_NLVC[

M\7!$5



':X5


I+8!P/1 *']C:1W)$QZ7[
M*BR:#B(J$OWWB0)X7[L 7M8@[&V6G4^BK-\#&5#
O\^(GY#XQ\#
43IN]^

M+UIS8E4?48ZA?6W9B%W0Y4O8&! 5XH%VA7A+NQ!@ELZ;'
681F6 Z+G0W$;2



M!\U(X?4(6_

\;3Z6JQ4B/QF[/)
MQ(^#9&AR
9_SJ;S'K3PQM.JLU %1@!\T(\ ?UA8[:6SYS9D$AHW%344/& ?6

M)3IYUPO*GL?1Q5L0C

MYT[?'OAK_%D\\(\RJH@!F:'V@
S[AF!)X)
B3)9AJI!Y
) 8![2US6 0HQG#


+ZX?Q%9M<7][<?1T_3&ZN+5J3
M



2




M?Z/$N2LJRB4&;MGY





8/




M_U8MV5_#_&]G ZQS2


:YVBQWH^SU



BVD1

M8&K\\




XSJ5:K
[

M

MQ\U\[*FOP&?*)V5P=8B1E([N2$J=-FY(;+XJ(_LO)RN5Y+XRSE


9 )4F!*5P4-4

4NSNZ-@_L
MVJX\_4]V28:=TVO&84&T9FAPD[#P+:

M$-49&MMF
.:[JBXB&D/C
M'S5*1$FYJTM2IE.$C;?D34[8^C8LOP\KW$CFAE.W,LX?HDA#C]G-WY=0#$MN
MPV#NQA4#LBY1QNYJS91#;W8&I?J8B7I/KO'=UU$[89^^!!T$77NKD4Z=PE8


*M4BBXBR$
7' 56

M-F0
)#LSU0+*Y\;B3?B_V#IT-R6&$\7T=^AK2UE@BBH=[4NRZX(X4@OVH/





MD;KT8
M=J-JOWU=VB^EK4?3K2%
73(D0-&U([[NVG'HP0PGS^I5(D5G%TG

MCX

GMO0[B-@
7=$@08X;_N9X*_[Y3=GIS'.BJ&J0


MBM5Z6G^C!5NE+VQ9^S&?_\BMFBWX@#1\J'CCFW?.9X4[57[QE L^[#$)Y
MCFL9I\1HP$!3-$G*; A9LIQSFT N#U!1IU@T%EX(/LN'\G29YIG'8E/0.=_

6XR



M4Y

)^4M_BYQ.6?Q'YV?J[

MZL1)NV?P'!)C+D/=
9==VK:M[TTJGK!U51LGH$CD!'KGR.@BADF&.G/6[X78

^56S:.)1(
M6 -Z[.-!28QKC&K%-1+:+OS*30EYH4:!%
^SB48DD@%==90T/H2.'\W%*$Y

M5D_G/'*?_*VK=4?$H-)(=U#IX(: ?:W4E-8/.7FW5C)[$'M\*Q3+TW0G&=[$

]B!Q$2@G0T@
?&C



A/V/CL8?+;Y&%R(:Z-K\_9Y7ARQWX;7WTS



MM?^7
1)^C%((3-EU%<;#@(0MY
MDL

3/XO



E9-'6\6[4G[WP55BT+:!%5\98V51PV



$AS'%(MB4S[LL3]KX*#SZS3LLX'8BR
M#


#HJK;
MKJ7JUATW[
-0P@@BTT;O

K

_;.(%$5BAZ8WQ
MHC)

O^-+)PY=





ME*T)N!T97XB$#3UC@B]Y*N#-_/

-A&Q76AW#'#T45$:&AQ$W#<
MANZ4R\5TZ\5WA9S6UT&<G=XB\^ZG!W<4I311-2FNYKR41RLW24C77779&UB

MV8F


=VLI


%7J?Q@&R

MR)+5D 2MS\5;5V*REG&
$)44NN*(
*JI3VMX3W9LG-+QL'!E%+H=$-O)9\



9E



VV+

M=(85PY3=4ASUB+)N3[.LN[UAX(TD

L3*/50X1=Z)=C@HJHZO:T
MKN^ED97T6X OXPPA
B]T@ZD)]Y;9=9\H\/9U9:U &P&'.I:)+WU$XH4FMJ(_
M64\WM^02[1


M5-_U-\]9D!^QY#
Q:0IBQ_CRA3XBWD*+6N5OHCS;URK/ECG]JQ



/![+NQM'!]%GH1/
HO/Y+7FI

+&K^/86HKM#NS:&2;IK
]E'*J$D%($2%M:_I


MXP:.J$ /=&=N.'#G-WUVPB?CB8
&B$X-/7'48 V)6O:PEI:]SSSP &!=!_[I
M5)[$X[XG3+YEW:U]G6D.AX@X#AUGAL.KP'^ZDF9+7/(K]V:70?@M*@O2#XE
M^534+Y3F_!AFBQ^JLIGPS190^ZL8M_


M2_(D44EG9$D/A CIT!E-RA+38

M)




J3:A;G#
M.V?+9M

M [AG\FU8\G58X?M8M!UVB$03(#%_RM\-
0@QU!J$

M

4
UGR7#$
M_#0*B6- VQL;F&[IYT;$$
5(TW+[DE9D!)S=7-_?7$W.QP\7Y^S^0?SGZ\7U



].Y(:/SW
ML7$@L57H(H$8Z#RKYQ*72:+2

M=67^A1$Q&#+2E

MGVC!#56_&64$'3*]TT;L&T5C%)@PGB@8


0A-R)^#E/_COQQU.5SCZZXU/NOI1K

MV-B$-1S$5O;@,BM\R8M]A ZLU)(:'*LJJ]S5+I#R]9I+)-KXC6D+AKG!$J=
MB+F/A),64?ELZ5,^:R!R]BSN)F.-S#986H@LFUN$A9UG.R9.NDZOG*=1]=S

M)=A

MJPPGHC;;TJ?-TMJ[I;^2I9DJ+G

MET1UN*59'3X

T#D[E?\4_0_XBRB79)@29J9#(GD+YOZXOUWD%


=9J5G:=TH/63K':;MM9_?7JZYH;+9)9-N
MDG*F^]=_ #B(<@0GA4 SMX7NSI-$!(B'F%X PB\<]=B]Z
M0H\H;_?TR=O%

=4+LM!

%XI[


M?5^G2'^

M

*?6T;YX\-

M$\
9?6WAC.9-;'!A_


M-QI9A142UX#^L :KG;'E%5&E21 &Q$#'0-O!@
8M;#*&YONO^!HM2_(G#)#0
M!_21-:3E?]C%24@G V+

M7M_R31SXO'
V_'K]91N*L2$

5LJ1&*?G)
M.J7.E];*9+7&Z43)--'X-.8H1D4]0HG

N&(Q0*(+T/(64T(
&@ST

MUDQD@G19M!+

MV67I^1$+
MMP__DD%V

F:?OFON(1L'@15415?J!-E:]N


0OVTG?

M'/N&*$26A@YHE9OT

4OD444

MWCB12=23;B;]&Y/GOUCXPWDQ3PXB+$


]


N5


MP7B_/X$%64G+MRJ
$8T7^L+00DO


M26.1[XDJY41;IMW=5[=00I@@(B






TT7.)TJR4TV2K/S*F:O%_S;N4D17A;9K

M7:%+6L3(=1[$LC$22\7R4T=3HLXZU73R'C9@/W'N


G;



T02A9[H






B_+2+^7+ I;?J9IH.J]]N:BV1MJ=3 U -5





TU=$U
M0;=T@N!-


Q;@P7_Y[ZR:)'H0#SMSP)<W[
ML-OV$U9D$9_VB<)[7Y/P?E@C4\Z2MT]8_GV%6[Z&7HOF6'<FMSB.:/FB#
H



M=T_4 /7

\I$L_CS =%O

I;TR*TYW[Z+EK@858;.=*




ML.1=EK[
Y-M

MYB?Y
Y$,Q\*2O&%?BAHB [W4&;Z(&NZPGH9[

M0B?8(8JS0ZT;;.L#='M^=G[^;?[E\ESMSK^ZOCJ]OKJ_O;Z\7%Q]98NK^_/;

&/QB\9I0L1UZ(].T404V$<Z+X\\ *D=/]D\ZF4'

*+2/=&V6/K2=E?.HHI[L
MW0MQ


MD?L:'\Y[D-N


W2&!'4H1N


M

^\)$_ F*C
CS5M


M=8]U2=V-&X@JEYB&9)PE1 6';C#.$K)JJ&!I0E3!)^VJX4-1%GEN*F69H@


YL(2U2G/\
M3(CJ]D2GNHTV9+^72HNPI(PU^7\FB
(-C=TF&3_FRZ6_E9.(1S'=\
3_7*JO






P7[I(PC


MU+_X
I*'3'+8S8- [H2(MWU;R!TB)T
/FN!N'HK_41

M8C9B@@C


/(KB



X);N]2V+H\\^TX1E];[6



DRZLF)YWT.4:&A_

M Q!1

M0O=-J]!9 P^5H64%=NC0?42'AO[I(F1$(;IOA1 -2
LIT6OQS)*%7A]1HJ$#



4XS
M;'9=:


=(4=,V?_2!*=B; B?-














MC*]=CZ\.2E-1O%%B0I2





MTH+9[A=KTA-/D0@8=.6'!)88_9J:.#!Q!&KW+RPU?R_?%(EB0=_81. ?_F8E
M[+OS0.XFQ$8K+V($:ZKSO

M+L'$:-74Q



@)M;YR6(DJ(T8V9

&L64ZH XZY%R-AQ5GW&:+Z0Z.V[/Z%

MB-(
K6\_


M*;%GA9*W19X'TU)L


^&/@.JG9CI6X;DEHO)UG89J7C4
MJ1]&Q930]
FE<@39\0#/V4D?L^RY

7$98&8'N?


2HNP/^-









@:8M SM:J?[J?+QH)Y\3)]G
M=( #3.2%!K9B(OHU\

M7IY+3G@

MRA+@5%J+&W_C+M\*.:
*PP-=PG#-AF%4H;D^DAP?\5OLGO^
V!?AF+_
;ZL?
M8$(R=$R'H*(*RP.MPG)#LI*L



M)JB*^5!G_M^F8+#OGFM3!I0A)HQ#D[=(AS#XE?/




P$27_
@


+466MD #BJ_0SS3FF^C
M)]%__J?X+


X\/)HU/UB%3]4%BB.J2CK2I9+6;UM!1Q06]T0V7:DX
MPO13Z)9N44755$=:]R@?%:T4J?A]J\C5%CH&E-D50UP5 UVI&O7
M:*HLF0
M-5
?3'.%)K:5!:KX.FHDOI+ZDXKIC7D2



4
_6



M


HA+$I_$@/A
UN)\N:QP21TZ(!.8$-5S2=Z5?.Z[-A


UYVI;F


%*3G3
XX(IQ]#N9G!1





MB7.E@PA+E2&E16_4-






M-BBSB!Q..H1\LX.?&W[C+M^HI$55%GNE3D6LUK* ?.GG/4/R:7?
@3&2&



&+[__%7IW-ULX=P#D#Y3&Q4?S]&A3OJ^A])LJ^JH)6AQ75
MG'HKY!.FIMG!1%Z$<M;SPI1WE45M-^I[ &CQAC+CZOD[)3GQ48MMYP7HH*K




MV].T(Q=IPV[VF3VRJGO'Q%9H7R

.]_


'?=\^-PMN[[^4;@ =4Y7:@:P-P66MR<2%

H/ERI I@6481)
MM] IME-$57$'NJ^




=HXHJVPZ;R;:$N4MMM.PXOS?$Y%IH;H.#4OGN

M

U\E^

M0G5Z(ZN8PA1=Z!M3HYDTF#_NBQH9]@*56](%7J'.F]G:]# SB[


/6((*+D5+7@MW.([H@K'HS:$





/VM6C8<NRONS\[O[V^^G]]]O%U=<3
MMOAV,U_<?CN_NC]A\ZLS=GW_Q_DM.___%O?L]/KN_LZF;-@C3*.&GC$[W:H4
MIT=4<7K42)RF+=DK8AKIO-PJV7F$R<[0ZF8QF2^7X@L'\K=ZQE\OG35?22%

M7H;F-SX7RL\_Y?_N%:$SIDK.XS8DYY*&-5[5R7\:YVB




BGE(

MH0JR7$DK\_I/




Y3XMMRE6?J!YS#$A&3K^(V
^
MI6K.4YV:LW[6



ZKL
M.M
ENY*;O(

MI&JL
*I_.

TS9K(H3Y$7E7P2=5 ]M5$=_U8B=YF/ 



MA)JJQ


!
4W[OANU#E^'Y%UG\)OM-OON[E8AA


M1F%4!2WP5MHX7

_

M??1J D8


M0/Q3?(Z*WFO-ADBY+Z=@.1&80&$X#?BB^8S'QJ0DP

]S

QNZS^?*8K
M&R'N8=$3Z.(/!S$UR-)K)\AR3)+/P\A]5M/2M1SU7]6H+Z@.]_9]/0:.)\ND


M-)/%X[OGU M




P=9':WS 99SKQ


4D




MW/E/X2K/V9QNPT@







'JJJ\A1(T6#=H[T',+=]OG9
M916\^\


;T^
QN3JE(!G7*H?@W %S^T_T#K 0$_3N1T*7
M&D

.1%SB._D2G&XM-(B_C4*E_1
M#CX
J/&A03OG:HYLCNQ@;W8(3%3

!^ZK
M(T_!U

038WE;(N;?ZZONK'^YF4Q
R:F!FT$Y@IG9#\0WPCTE9%4OL









MC4C?L)XG+/8 ?=(AGJC!A5$[P87F4
EC+NS4]Z+ 64;LFQ/M[S*RRLL3@!=
M8^@$M?;5'R?LDS-UQN_' ;5&QA&U&#!/M08(:K2NXYT:^MA/9Y(LL]Z8U

-)^ *%Y


'NF3&-




MGI+75/(PBP8M3


M

E!A6FC8(*!P^T!\&WR+L
MT NW&SN'TRD6-8#N

M;1D'IYBR#ZUN@A)YL:GZ08IY\-^VSL9=RX


M

#-6J(=E=#2 T63+5OP3^2
PU,##5/MA
M!&++43DX=Z%$OE*6KU7)PD4W3]BS0,:B$MKYF64RMZ.&H*8Z@]!H W 1,E
M<VGH;.SKL @#=$+[X(1RCX3X_C(SEOQ17J]OW5


%
5\@@_^VSH2O=7!'_V0*G8S(_M*FY7B(7[KVL2IXSHRKW
ZW;
M_&NT#


M1!%:56!5C]K0

6?+DI9

M5P_/G(A?.&X@SP



MGGNK:HY%(2LH%M_#)H1[6

M9K]%3_XV=+Q5^+MYB+'8)?2C11 7GFU.G''^DP=+-^1%2Y_T^4W@ @QW9J%&
EB(%+UWY^:
A8U.MIK
M%!VU6\.K_=NS6M[K86%*Z.?_\J^
18U0]AI%*.U5_@YAWS91$ M;0@?_%WQE







M&3P/IW61T7;%ACK3=&I(MM^Y

MMF0UAT&O+VWY_D^Y\D
7O-G:_SGBQO(






^''+4J._

71Z=[!.QBUY0^U!0SXU]CNP+?;;




MB^7[(+
%)C@L-&


DX&3
MJO)\:G)6U3C=(RS:!YWYJ]--C02.;(L$'A/LXTD+N:_#Q/=AN2]4%C&Q;O_
M M30H0Z\)OZYOQTG[?/Y\\O&_^-\[OM0[@
7.6LLL#YB!IU'-D6=:PPQ!%W
M



M_;22._S7$NM7=2!

M#OP


TU;D02?V_



M1^21&F::-#K!9BCM1*.AV[*T$Q
LT 3=]A'9I :6)I8&E@IQ/)Z(G@?:DMQ\



F
MGXNN3I2PH)O#XF;0S 9X^.('@?]#C!W%-%!C7%-M1Z- &[+




M^?[MV_SVG^SZ@MTMOEXM+A:G\ZM[-C\]O?Y^=;^X^LINKB\7IXOS.^
 S3#=


M[$059/F2[


M(56-X#)O0R$%7)!U6IGNK3:O:^/
M3'W5WRWP.R;
0JL:\/O=DGM.X/JEW0)5EYWITF6Q5@ *3ECZV)IN !-EH94-

M;)/VC1^Z:E]7^=1T^)FHNJH*-$]-QN%KFZ^S_G5Z?G[.Z/\_-[XVN:G'WR

@@BMB;@-L?.7^




HY9

MG^3@N7EJ

?I4C;ZO4Z

MM4_5S?O:]MK7:QC&2S($6;U3M8])Z= ;'2*)JIKW&ZGFAVR)_L@X86HX=(E)
MG!9*6E

R52=OM_*M:='
MI7C_!M
/B# 6!H.-HEP(8Y4O;^O4^_?:\+^.!PBZ@E[2*[/#9\XMP +3-'





M9;[M](;]H8#JA@_T7&X^W(V



!554?
MZ-J+CK6B$ A;KB/(F2-/@TF='/ZT2J_0&@ZHTO= E_1=U)**;B(N9 $:F#@-
&%+
I%%=DVJ!
L7L68ZC*FQT-J&T2A+












$(X


MYHG @@'0S


19L
M4ZK2/VU7Z6_8;
)&$*N5KD6H^_#44M7_::-3#SHW@S23%.S9#S+%%'[H

*JB/VU7T:]H)MKO1:(+





O
5VK['T


M2R11!?.93L&\

ME;6[HQ.6U





MG\D;4N*+G]U

HQ%0E
\0V7)[/&

ARTYC=?L7P6%):L:

MT_\




+8'!&]+A _;




M/AD([!8F^O'K'-;NG=T9G_J*ITI0I;ME.R(

M:M&US1;WJEXPE5-A)1=)_%3X*NY:?BBQA?)%5#_5];J8@QFR^
?WDB5(

=W0-A/



M_;QI'',D2N&P7]-THPKTMU7X4;B;3[O4K*B6]@\%!WD&QV/IDLQZ.0'_W1L
M+]& ]Q=4#YJ$*80=#__ /H0A.@'$])MO%@

SK


_^O%NY%.7E^ PP%MV' $K
E#G= (9BH?EU0C5'R\:\-UXM?6;:$6S]@V63LFB].-+RE21:Q
M)/U[G(3^

@2%0:1H





V[A'4:=G.[X3L@)YE105^H_U.#89)_2![PT#$UOC



+@QMK3J36E:=<QZ(
MVT-D_:/RHC@C.'%

M6VU@[R
BGS_7/X)O0/F=C4/#XFF
(#^1 A!0T<+S0]3J)UTF /68!CN##5KTJ4':U
MM

('D3):L@E:;59Y3KMIH-QP
M@RBF@CJV!N7KP
;09+745=;+U;ZVQLS)F8
U];+^'^!@TLIF&[QOB)O8\L6D
M?#


M





MR'2@O#RLV]K6INW8UCK!-MCDD+QX]2LBFJ_=Q=M(\3KR78.Q\D92O%)D/@(8
CH$7AZ*;:UYT[;R)W<-9U5!QY%1/9]-*_</9Y-U4
+6UGTP[N S6-G2OEQ!J
M+

MCBY3&\
.!N[EFOY3G+#@


B.BO1S1_(=GFO@0@1P/


P?H0A\!7J.'QW+W4\07AR?KN[(=(0RP28Q
MS\L#XT.J2I@_Q0=_;6@HN'$I=!B(\JN$+TL)!G2BW_\@]G-=7%.@1_%2N(#W





#.&
M6=C32'*G@_=T?JZ9)TT8*^2E\+(/LT1I
WEJ#N\(P-VI6P*K+&/L;A9'
F[
M^E1LU(1O@M25$=\I90G%&S9.;9%

M:YF;M1!@\$Q];J8^L5'4GK)9@NVB+G4HB^K


M7?FS9



9=9^7?
3@=2PM
M_0JN

(+=$!^





MS'N:POW9%01&Q!FJ^


+

;^

L5
M'B2+*QWR)*I$-03^#/

M6T;^LH78


M)

#YBX
M37VH&TOXCZA
E

M342D/N1=R]R6;YQWD!ZA&@9V4\1N5$3 XE!DY

M:+A'?
H?I?E7I-HEG(?O)+'+(*F(O8S(]DSY_  3[*E@ZXD
]-#*B.E:[!

M$!LX]WID[D)AO


)SP(02P81&VA[-]HN8/K'
RH^I7_601EX
M%57GHT6M4&5)CF(#K2PY333


M6&R@%8AU/T9*KL5D@^G=E0OPL#MZ* A^$;0#-%G\$ :/PL2#NA!3Z2S@OSZ)
M




)K2[\%


-@9=2
VC4&/.\?0V84]!O$G#[544Q1O^7


W&[':$M7##HCJ8V*6\WT@J=-L28&FC5.&A*X@H1C#9!$BR@+0
MK.(6590E?,= N(Y9!1&^;4!X9S<ALL3%A:K2HIA;;1*&PI!1'2Q' .G*[EF






M^%E='E;@N'^.]\;P*__$)2\[/8$+6Y)VU%9(BTK=*K7)2%UPL!097J!^F#H$





K A=%G








K@ZB$MBO2_
M=9F:*$A]O+L5MRWY..W ];.*Y'=-L!ZO0=8T\/7PAT42E1(:TF@K
X9##!L



M!1_Y7A0*0C!%/ YA0RN:\5V. ^N
B1/5)=DOL&RITFE;=_O/@Z9T'TY[(.H?

M=R+AYD%\V3*VTUJ
;;6%K:
Q*2WZ2FH?964DRAL')'_G_G*)KR7BO6*CE;]9
M7


Q=#5U]D
1]@1?C!?Y ^P^)

M_&92:K&Y$5N30CT;
+Z?3T;9P#C IL]



MTY^CPV5L




G#Z[Y18LO=]TW655T83J+NPM;V\E%!P&[SXW#

W!A
H_H\K!)O[X!


M
]DP=%$Z#CU;6\=%![%\6D&A:#3W5..KI2G6Y4$48N Q!.* I&Q-(09PN.7?


9@_$?
%4*0W=$305

!EO
M]&%M7Y*VAIB+#F+35Y!L_P(U64CTT6TLT-_C(
K^QE\%X7Y/R-36X''1P@49
MP_?G8L1')'_FT!PUT?3ZX%J$M_496\':A![=+


XC 4=+%H+)61HS#8!TTD_9M [+I$'!83
M_  \;(JB'HUDT@OY*=X'Y]X*)EQ


M/1V.L=]8=K
 )VQTC

[ZXN%U\#9&?LTMI
MW
=D]XLP
8AABO1/75R:F&
=._^]IH8MT7S9EE.]._/#VYD?


MA@5=P


71F_@YXN7$D.8$'^2+KK!;




MPU .5:J
U?XHL)\PI?AGQBG;CX.DI@1_V!+LLA@4/TA%-T4TL%@^4WO&=]Q8

M%\U





M65ISL(&V5[IS 0X=EX.

MB

AXZEO
;Y+2N(GL
HP_E_UV6




0

ML7W@$7P#IAQ0

 ^6G@(KKTJ@KD
JQV \
8BE9YA8FD^P@;853R/8C-\.
MIWEV/5]%B4B;-QHZH$@
EA&#1'I&B*5M!!MHY3QI 0N#\LAAX9 ,5A#.)H



M&24S-!D$]&'N3
VO/VPK9L #:0\4[(7=-U &[77T ]N!-+6!DO5?YG#G]6




1UC5(BY

MMESLJ!876V-5KR9Z0; HMU^\)5_)T__5N[A')HI4'VV+C5SN:.RA7KR//](D


M:L!$\.G#WPL(;'F^4;U8[/;)O@XBH6*N$P=T@HGXTP5QMJU@%1C8LGZC#E@_

G-KWCTW<GC[RC1%P*U(5HC:\

M]JV 2UZ-[-0C6)&(FN0F(GE=O S4/U!
[*4NEMZ!8LMCCCNX'M\0.(J?+WWD
M_XP#3'C^V5PCT5^DWY=@(RKHDT2B1OUO!00(QOX)R_]E

'_)5L:RUDW^E
M?Q?8L8DYU67=._IL6=1Q+1:USC)GJZMV #$@#ZBL4J&L

MPV%B(GIU&;0.A]LD6-%D*\ZH'N27. @06_9WT@+[V[R;S9:C 9$M$:6I_L%D

KK.O8\@*!2)0]5HB\:%\;__+W


M_1PMXF2%\_$48SVQ9:PG+80(J-*A'#)Y6=0THC11BKMDT)B82&A= 
WSG^'L


!%U@6^:US3)1
[M.
FSEHN6
HR&H6(K_!+2A9!1.^)(4B
MYOTM@B(LZ01^2<PW00B.6P2V
Z'P2J -O
O7 9K^



4(7620M$G)KK@7-2@_
M;\FX0N5!C/WT6)KR]H3C$4U3!H&6X@VL1+SA(CTIGO%,**2](:$ KK&3^R
M\?8S%]8H$P&NXZ Q)#_B)N

&X\) E(8\[DBD]$HBU##Z6:UH@GF<BGWZ(%(O RNYMS



MW$.L]DVR%:T HPH/BL2=1:#-G4_8I

M1
?KL.D=R+;

M3FVI^FF;[N&'^Z
C0)05^1_*TJZP$5

WBGOZ\!9L37U2O

DD]_0N 70<#_/\P/0!XV:1 !/<^@_CJ![H^
M/]

)&8@8
MZCR_ DVX=MZ;))$^21(]


3
867;S-72K90_8YXIH!=?EUS/4?C;*O012L-JM/



3C^
M+TOBC\'C

+CFR









M:


+-+-A1MVL[C+8N\''RHNQB5-F7^5WA8)U6\6]W%&



M


M?R-BQ-[3GQ]_0C8B)O+

M*YKVLHS@)4/I0DA3V01Y)1MY360SL)DN&R([+?6/)!




MM(2R 28.0MG2:H

\%O%:\%.+GFK!AHXH&&D/=#P'G]G_ ^+<PQ@^G
M@-47


Q;)COA.T+(
M_*9L$

^AL E*;DTP

M)C0D*?_B#1?I5B^^QT;M




M35U.%Z9+QC+BPSZ
/XD?PN1F*$;]

M5'P&E%\$$;Z)^D\B


#&7ZMGI=
)KT1X
MK4
YU_.JL/Y
'%(Y)B)7%TO/


M47%-T^6G

V8NI;=;6P7
I6



M^3T 1A.(@


MI6T
/BL1/IQ%CXF(U\7D!GIL^?AQ!WR\#9IJ[@;H@FNJL^X'^MD!.+!JFRP(
'T=QJN:)(=)WC&MG:%


7_1Y0PM=B_5_Y



RJ_
M(8&O3#$Z6
1//0SC&SJP43*QV3J&FG

B'B@6J(D)0/X!=3'WAZQ-_GA[]Q8?[331/V!
9@E=.OT#


.6'][
M )780:[[D460EB.$9#$K0)$ &
3[H7CS$Z&XKCW1!.,,\9;PW2)EO&XE[C



MVI0O@ZS@HK(EXV6]G00*Z5M(NY&2%=WFF4]W^0/9M'035Q)6(8$@G-NS([Q$

SO=!+'B
/LHK=M_9FF8)
MCOK!R6)K.IC6

\LNN#B@E$S^O



W\)G04_T$4<^^CW
M2:,M63+JR[2+PD7T/4M^\ '<#L@UW!N-N=*A#BQ6)II=%V]CC.FAB*[621.
MWHW&)R!FRZM/6W#C/]F;'%'FB'Y8&((HC1U2
B;&7!_\[@$PLZ7(9QU0Y)4!
M








;KX3

:*([CDSIP
G!-#YJX85U@

M6$TK'^A#+M?\

MMJ7W+MN*#5!+MN[
8A


M[OB

Q$ZC\MIS.B[[8K$WCWL&C:Q3 3

BX!Q$2ZZK)P 2VC.QE1TGZFF&EC$F3 FJ\O)AT.^2K
M&+@C!F*S%,'M. ;
;[G@G79!&'(:8I$/D3^,J6[A1P8#=E(G]UF78%M/OG
M^#0;)GARQ8 =3OGO7ZQ=OH'S4F9ED7D .HF=N2SO.VW%N;0^?$^N40.8F

3-:Y+M#.8\:8.;I3FMKSY







M$=5BH)\-8FB



.
MF%][0*FQ!!\04($ E]X%L6*?



&

DB'T1


M9
'^16[B8?41[UKDMASLL 

M(DY8\!A)''N85CY*0YQ




(L2W%
M/VXA4:-53S6V!%HYQI<,+1%9&
YM!PZ@XQ-C+LN.
W0-7ZA
M6#+Q]KJL',.2+9D_[LA_2RPNN5MP&JXSX<DU;:&(LBYF=
3P4DX.*&@_(@!

MIDLJ;XZ(]ES4A;CAX]Y_!E:[
8MY5^\5P@.[JRN@TID[U %YASD+(U(XP[

V0TZ6=-








MP_&'7R J*T3JB7!;D0=IY4W#W2[8!
212)DV$-G35G&4+=

MW3K@&SPQ62ET5#;/J!;&%

?2%!UO#PK0#PT(S?' ]
MQ-=QR/ *%P=(FN&]A3RFG4R\MX'

AM?Q&'*[N\.$;A -8'O'/<F?HF[E27




S$P6HZBYTXLPXZ2?XJ1NBL&9+1\X:X$/K-?TK5.%$7[
ME


K=TI65&?J?&PXO^D*%40H(/S[-$_U#!1L]R?$;P=
MTA
.FC-;XG/6@K]NU4X=CTLY*STP126'-KLF]E
717^HL.5#9VWE?*P-C:'K
[RL
Z\F-6

MF'YC_B/[E081=/P^?L_X8(5\.J%A_0

=UV;B.^'






Q
42Z[[M8T36
OP!]$
MG(!RPR^CF_E@V$L4KG;H@3]L44626DVB]\;92?NA/9C%=(V2-T=D#\X(F?
M$.)H0![X1_%M?W&OH*RJ.-\)PM6!-=5DS-!197
^Z&'N
MDRW=?MG6!8!FRF47/*!;$K=TBXE5UX70& S?V1







M24*=H)?G)GI91TTKH1=*V?Z=R^5Z&7CT
:Z6OG9N2SS/6_#SMNSKP5@T._H3
MJA-9W\$\R'
30ZU+RSD\V5+8\Y[#U]3 EZ5RU*+='-*-*E('Y/
7AY(CSTVD











MUB!%E0')*Q&E5O^XT%E9DRAZQ





I8/4W$W*V902'+7C;'NI$+ECYO!0L


UZ*8+& *BH$-SW


A


0XZ^(5@RT1M@]SBM=C()UA ?P3QD/D;WN2O(,4['-);)J95%ZWC4+0E
M9D<=.&6^$&CVCT@3ZQ+^/R(/($Q6QIXU$:2M^-]J802=U21B?75A[UKP8]M

^2C/+S'/Y$F'Q!



D
M(CM_M2TI/&[!0?50)TRYIXH23F2!4

#J$)[\@CBD%-@_5R
M,VI6%#!W49*M8K@MJ5[Q]7HWMW<5\?6*YGVJA*J2]7UW8W\5NIXJ (^'^7Z
(&@]6.YR(WV(^D3 A%%^_/XI)_&L<^\_\L/KW
M)





FRQVK


MA)*@Z?)SQ@YS&Q-;.G_20KB$

BIZ%28G


%C@]@2^)4L8S23+Q!LJ6U+LLI'8





MR3S^^T]])X[A4XO?^%[PQZ



6K* A8Y_LSS_?@7-YS]


8ZZ.P[D1
DSRP![?5+$SV$U9#:%:K?
M

P(*6$U(*Y!1



M;I




M#/.Y(?#43\_V]$\Z3T\


6%*
 PP ] @9+VN#V
?8CZE<!/
M@,II-P J0/<J^RI:WS$LT!%U8 ?F/V N?^,L*3JDSGS4O:(7S5F,S*?WO

:(-MC(4Q:W-ZXDS&UAM5)GB'^)%Z7VXA7\\LE+MY(^T







=I4


,=\&7'B,N%=GXL^OA=
^Z'O





'B7I#*EP+G

?X




5#]526_4



M'NY;#]==.%0
YZ]_V?L__A9&%K_&U2A(K_^ [_\C;1%I
M+;3LG3?X #G-SH\?8GP,#Y2P: 9.U_*WO4??FYHI@&WB[;8NJ73XN5M7@P_





J*6B4


(

M:)EAF0*@

*YO*C:&



MW8WOIL]4PDBR

MS2YU:I=
2F44



M7NJBJZA



XBJ4)QQHV/FV1_'W/M;SG(3







68
#E7:-<;(L:V(_%Q8E


2&F/1:=UIV\:250L:16U2F6)\2LZEW6_R-]01%?M




(1[)C:D/-'?_/\^%K4WZ+1N\JRN@JC*/R.95AE=OSNB/$%(5-6PFB^
M*O. 40BYUZ)V%L-*N7C?+H7J

:/GR**Q^K;U[\

SO(KO20,$I ?&2:]:U:D)KN
7A+10PF*^WA6BHI!F48NV60Q@M:3-)G0\?N.
M-^D&R[!4CO^RE!_I!.-+0D$
M295!1!&P@ :(;#
MEC):)U*P0/:1WZ$5C;'HMYY01BE=:(744X)INV?C\\)N7E:#.<K=2'&:@W7
M&JJ7%IVX7;+@C%L4O^ACWQ=0KB2)O

M\9'Q.R!G4$J[.
MQEZ:



@0*


M:M&)^N)X =[)]@(\@WI/5_/8U@L,T]YPP ,(7=)R'&^.HK!54[=&!'(.#*M
MP593Z8*N9O



M^7RICS/%:KO6I4276^H5]B3] D,9Q1 :8(+*BXM*L26SU8Z%.VSZ$:W^OY
H. =KG\X/J)4&U3(5;[*;</)].KHX^ &

MV\0E


AE 1?



M%;K2?7AS!B5I
\/FS65 M/.V5 QT-(KWWP((
@NRRMS EH./RIR)TWVJLZ_$
MN]
/K[ 625L

M&
LQ753J^//!QW

DY8Y!&+_;?B&MRCBU



M


M





Q7X?ZP:*81^XS2+[WE&O6IGYU

MAAW(32^21T/];;ZIR5G4=UX01E[RGAH+SZ$/HM5)\BH:#N:[;GPE%S2/CX

MOQU


OG4IQ\?'+4[)!





(PBYR+HU%DVZMQH^I
.
M.^O)HE/-MQ?ZSCL:Z/(F90WN/*3 %!SK2N@
J87+OH2Q1C)'1;;6=UT'*W
$G&U=

MN*'^^K&FOUZ
O/*[C%'!Y=P_?LWS\!9HS/YB^\\WF

UJ\[=]@[90%@

MWKJ_'G2N.YV[UM5MIWL_Z@PZP]'/MB/)BSK+^.(L#-((^ILGV_F%8\=G-EMO



O%0


M-C

:*7-M*E40M@L@DVN



6V



MEZ5@9LI:HL#?X2@KN1S43%9IB\/Y8^Q-/=Z7R3@95VE2V6HJDP,#'NEXI+

M

J+;IQ8=3I&XA$VEU!IVF?X

(NXNWHJ=%?-\B'++M:Y+S[ Y6/.



/)9K^:6;T)9:V_P
L5(5






M@V.N-_K:&73^ISMJ]X8C:RLJ+6XZ=Y/TIC)]I)FVN&RY1C=B?H4YX'!&.U
MW:Z$S&LO=OTPGD=





SXR[(


ZGX/8+BXA /!O93

&I)JAW$2

0L
51.LLF_0=EJ#

M(/PHAF=_

A[84




N&ZSOLH6524I?(9 *A&(I8$()@J2I0^RMH^-#OWZ9.
M7^N6P(HIX-1P_O+BIU:X=H!3



MS(?N6LUYOIK'7L!B

1GC\#!M65XGH3#06&VTQC8=$4'/I\ VGP+4Y7L+E

()0]$4N
D&J2P7\30[

M/CZG*?EB07$6@$HH'J

$PD?:VBX



S)XKQ&07\RS52IG_7#[Q&2(1EEF:+
MNK$27K&UC=-[9=$]Z
(-X'/\WYD3E5QD]9(!S&YJT.9$
6BS#P8NEWF91F4_

M\P#GS9O-9TI$;_P6R;D?NSPDZ\Y!2@HZ(XE&\-F,_)KV.P#EKZ@C[S'.=*[
MRAZ1O345# 503;7-Q7W*Y: I-.FL2ZKGIU8K9A=2MI8AV$NLZ:
S%10GPA.

&#O_7GD/CLQPR\+TK;X

NP5YJ

M71U[LU.Y[:P+FRTKBNE
X-'?@#=E44IC\VB)ZZPQP9;:8@M#Z%\62UWF- R=%[3'C+P

&BT9H+8!
*


P$


M
I]BM1
A<!<;

=/OY+KT#=ROB#@#9


MQ%1GJ;4



MT=/\'':JVEU5K!8#\GWLL+)X?+
AAV@L1+WDM +C<I,(*0@ZHF-KY^5^'!H=TO5=_.+8;*TY 
D$Z<+XA*?ZB*(V<YL519;V^

+ZR^GWY
GEXJ&0IT

M7W^=


';E9L_U3H(. ?UG






&++4D)Z6J\^$0 F




MDR'





M


M-HN$;9.D&@[AC@

P$D EME!+)J&NK%'&S2XW6H?FEC-GGG(#-F%LEB][LY3





).
^W


!=OWP/[J9814B5Q\5;B;;O\

GEAY2VS\%.@@81

E6=!A


MVF(3#1U?VDSP7;_MRFC


MHT_'%OW3 B)O%=.B1$

M+6(9J2S^$LF#*[+A ([@GLP7@^C27 5ILR_2Z]-P D'#I=@FU_

M DHT%

513BIZJ=QF9I[!%KTN2#P6-P-7&DF7PP$'M*V[DJ9&[QG:(R7 IZ


+=5A/: 8N3:.XF:7[ ^L%1UCV]\^8E[3!.
M@&-1!2\,LM)MOK/$(^.FM=/$6@F=&QL\Y*_6'8Q4-CH2\N@D3T5@6Y6_(N


(F0DM*Z*=
R5
M(7@8#E(WOQ5





MS


M+(T; N.J6RK
I:VZH 'SZ+V2YN:G0
()Q:C$[-57W *H]KK/$9#UI7&K(/_5
RUE?C


\(DL%V7D(R^L:S.CFJQ

MQ\5=N\RP(M_ ZT=3]'T&[5 .M^'$
ZSENU
BL
9YB:DLJJ@XEP]+_3[_$?7;




UP5YFZ*
S&





@2KM#A1F1!X3B*67DIQ(?U^5'L\U:
+/P



M#UHP^L[\5W87!LFS+
6DVN3(&4)AF#)2%67T&6 -A=P
JPO':LZJC@!_9P[V

M*:KQA
)#-IMKY





TB[S5-22F? :@P&V(G%$K1$IA:RI\Z$YK=*G//


MJ@1/[VEUJ]UG45HU)'!+1
T
\ERMYC:,^'0 Z:F!4(96[/)&FPL-;Y6]WW5P1*!Z0XP-/0)L4A
M
M;[O3Y]3O^+\W0&88Z9Y &C

ML0[I538:8N;^
!8PF[_K
M9%1V/(,R\M@GZ]Y%%ZS()QY 3X/N@J#2=R-XSF;_&?N1/!UK).R:$V+T.1-
MO\K,!Y!.85[A'POOI:H MO6?DI:'\[

M2

MQN+'L-#TUASG9YO_-#!G'U\WIA)X5]. %O0NY*^*HU'D@F[7QM\+=96'9C-
M?NEF6%.-FKAX)&[M&#TW=

M+4\\]-X*;+(;]A@MMXY3N46@

M78($K]HDB)20K5U2'R=U^) ^? RC0'Q95\HP()GT?'^U,6O%:^CD I7D@
MFQ@Y0NC\*'





M%B[HO+VD15:D-E.%N9$OA&*X*C(4V4O5.4'A+K#656 N[6C=KNPK\WGA\/69


JV!%G?(SI]S+WD?

GJI-!9Q$8IBBKDO.(05,%(([-1X(EO4SHW&U3J+C3\0
M$1'22P7F\Y53BO+ -=-F'=DP8MXTZ+RYSQCGU5).X5C$13,QC2<OGZJ *5P
MQ;GG.WJ+ 9ZU.-
&


MX6C 1JDT.9_[(H-

M2J8LA?-^#?:\.HZ-48B%I.FYS6T54Z$(&2UGIJ+66307\DDF^2=(ZU=O]TQ^

MH?(










M5#2ER

H4

MVNS+


WP

M

I/ R_3V(9+U+@VT.TE
NQF
.. 2'G- N1!-2HG+5)D5P

7ZJFW;9Y6=Q)BYOTS#



72?V63NL][3\#F
DNPQ
YN+;?-)Y\E])PW 2(DY;0)
MQ*BX!*<12Z<39/EWHFBU
BZ9HGC^16-ERP 

Q]&:$X(%J.U7)'*KWN.CF5W:F8_@IPB%?45




O\_4$J+^;BK5WPT5[%C5B!9+H*



5D

MDJPB#GQ

MONXJF2[



DKAO=1<V5R8*/ QXU;FT7/3<*%#76NLINJS(!D$XKW'G+W5
U@#;[HLBP
H2<+=96+9SY1\T_O+*:<^1QQP#[


 ^)6Y\45





+8[




M;.[Y6[%

!2^91@'QO
M3?X[CQ-\U=UGD1=.5+28/QK);8BO=L)-@E?'F6GKQT7?FJWFO#Y.YNAN44O1


MYES@FMEM[H[F]_#%=[SDSHG^G+-X&+BM8'+KP6Z=L.S/G
B7'F8ZTR   H86

M\*U8






M)8V3RR.;URS9+J$26-G\
5).:+\K9*O =C0D&7JDG$9J=IL
&8#]8-V&##

M*]

Z
&U)<BPD+&Q):M!9<J@=

MFS5





M_PN


5VTS#*@O@QO&BQ;/
=:K/XE7F

UW_Y





M7

U7YK/7:<*/*3:X
M2CE@MS/#-C6*



M4X906!H'I&(60SDUW

=?2(46*E19*7NX5+FE+?&7EGT&-JWQPYGZ5GTN&J\

M/6BV
E-*@N/



ML!4D@XT+I*BZ

MRBD5@:9N;N/

O^=JXFYTX
M7/-*L.@S+R66B7# 7AP0JR-_XL$?B(B:Y$?SUD*<ZE9G\^7,?XN)1C//5B
M)/?SI[/CRY18^(,Q!GTCEJ07_<].-&4#YB,O1Z&V(I:=#@$UR4L]+O12*Z)?
M*NWYQW9<P/!2+FBQNJ]C



^NL3Y][/$%


C#QIDFM\




M?AF6/7[ZN( M$I(YU[?MQ
\HF$5S'[P.'[(D\=/V/T*W@C\

M?O29\/:T#/1L35@M^U*S9IMSBCD7#N(K??E +'72)$?YC.LH*^'
=.[C=6@!





_'-SJ;Z[WQ#NQ*(A2!@!7UC*




34







8&U_:GX_%(Q7[#


C9@W M&LY%YV(4WHS)!N. 6I)K.B
/3TM@ O5;TU



)517

Q#$U7L_B=S
M-PW^+FMLQ_H+R/!WD9^$[B)V%666#T

M





AF




)Q@ =3?%Y.=K%II@*XCTJL


B T01OCO$]=S&'\HN/)!FR
M_WD85WLFW)/L.8!K&#IS

9$OI1

R
MAVG[ : 0(@/



:O-*PZ&]JZ:V83PU4




%(9TIG!3J.CY9_;?

M%+=FE8\Q:


80YEHB]+;\]E0^'N0_$6*.QYL(QE]L+.3INQ/


MBZ:)%?O-^-4$P]F 
!\_6]<MTC


M%UF.NEIMO+.2[-$MA

$IR/4^!E0EUCI3 
I.NXV'


M*M
%*Y[QQ.+]!HW9 #LB/]249SK)+1
A/ELZXB




MLC;J'9-D5.;ZPWC^J-E+\#E[F$9+I UF8I@QO:EHP:3?5H%'U=A2--[O-E
MQ
L\95Y7FO)J4_6$6V
&P(@R(:UDBUBH]6%W^P7#%M7 Z^
&Y5NOB[66R]-2
/N^O;V]_[=C_[+[</]P\U_?_3O

\




M
ULJYO_L%;-9UR)[':O. E@1N3@V?++2) X-:G1]BK
@W&5M\9B1%:_06D%@

M]\^WOU_?WK

R

07-N&Y^;Y?GT86AI.CTD_
M*N8QB2UC9EF-)F#D(_R\#

9$1EM.*35O/EH.!M0
MT&-YP&
2
N2J_I\TMXP-F:9QR'1@4.4C&:;33H=!3J1A






M7:6?_D9&$QI-*C]0D




=5]X+YXK0*^
0# 1&B4)P&\65FG (E!LEL-WA\



M

W

M.Q46Q]LC+D7Y;
1O .J_=JLM=LB4E/IS9&,#;Y?+QT=47Z)QMW%,.*TTHHK9


#)NK
MG-R0UR0/DB\VY$+9L

M@*F1TIGOOC:P.UV;;!;798P\.XL
:!_GM0T;^8Z74*L?4A'Y05)Z\B55


M6-G+R
\_T98V64^]I9I

MLKKS  3$
:L5.DL







5





M#LIZK84P6)HY$0=QV!OB6$1-]H$&6721#)#Q[A[V%)B*(5]D3=%%P5YFX7

T/%.W'1SN5I*:S07X$:D
M&T;


Y_^



MKUQFG/(8=:BE5VKYV:Y(PXDTTJ!%#8L7:_?:9

(:GCXN[
MO#










O:FY2!HS  8$44X%:R0Q2=U
MH6ZIH'H

)?[&C7AK$< 1@0
M96BDA-:0N@U@*#9 MR*'9=/[@]#)&^1F/YB9-'5-WU
L$FF ;28-D892S2W

MS@A&




G+'\#:
!W;AIN2M8&%/N2 WY/,!RY3.BUNY6I3)\UY;H


6 \.P)3MBU.&1UVMFU17IYAP$HP +(H- 3&U=


Z*80K
MO8W*[MJ#/$F6!S4E*M!UIP?J(
ICR'DH%GM'9+!X/W%N#
7P/4S&4(T0B
\W
M#BM!3



M0RZD]3.FTP  1

M8E(Z\\77!FXU+;S$FSE(O$E^%?,&+'&A/OX8\Z$ [7LZLT RT;D$TEI*Y!:
M(Z#52-;.RZN5C\65UTT.]-\3&C+R'RLE53D6EHK8B5JA)U]&=2'6#5MGW0Z
M]



M'YY:10TX

MN0L.%;^ VQ3F7.#V.2H@B#N/ZO^1)+Z&%GA%RIO##I/-TGPR -
%[XI?FET+
M\URB]UDL((@[)XM[D)W7/O




.M#F





;2!;U%MO









:\IC9@9U\&FB)R-



N1ZXW%F-3=[N^^
MM5L
JK@&-D5T3W1#AW2T^KC):'J$.
KJ7&S89B3N'NW_K8SIWD$%6H5$?B


-VD$(@) L5Q^.KZYCHN\Y3]39H.XNDKC6;]O?K#OW.:TME_1Z,K^D'2C&80
MQ%'::8Z_ O!1)Y@,^;BI-\T0K-NO%/50W?O<G 87F:]'@




M93E!Y3E_2^(T?63B.DSH.RSV*LDGS_EK2D=?3V1(V%^FQ?]^$'.*F$P.E-D&


M-% MMO$-H-

N#MB&*B;!K86/1M5R^/I*:O
1:+JR
M#=&+$\/H10U:S=5T:SKZ^E338UQJ6E\'.4+3VP8%.S95

I+^*'JN$U^:LQV3G(XE2)C^S!:VL\3N9OBK;.JF& SK4






MIB;0K151CXD5++GX4T1)%A6O7.?B3]&^

M

MJ#18L&TO]&S)5H6J
Z0[@73SGF/#ZP'ZHT[TN)8T/YN3C/8[WG.E=X#*G_)6
MP=




MU

13



SU%'Y?1Y8B;]

%T\BH+J!)XC=7VGV JWK7AD8G_*J8
UG[

(E]-HLG%&6Z=M7'P4

MITC
[T9DVRH#XR'C?XHHA:(BJ'7&_[2WA1G_S?8$.YKQ]WG'Q*?KCND6B3G'








MP(W(D#-BEH:D&Y  PP[O50P\QO
7R[J-WO

R)3VX9?)ME2

JD!LA3+DVT32Y]-=X#6V=
MM 22/PBXA


C@88AY

M
VUX9!)O$E





M]1 9RJ**\+V(G@8[(!&A-!=?T#GI;-G/40Q!141-^5*QZ& )E7_\KC&=YB




E;?;*-)5/ ^(T%3F
T


D
MP82L9UB





M6E_6*-#M]C.^].38YQT?#?ZR[Q$7FE+
 W@168?FG*JG*U4:=+OEC#=M\5F3



)


NEWG*@*;I
M

BV\M3?^'=S9%1J-)^:
GDN:A]SOK19/L@LZK$'2


L^8)E
I23YH.SO9E]6'MHFTP  1*X0C[C\0]L)(9<?2U)LXH=
MJ1]9,'M484E21*$?'JGX<B/&@L&36)AJ[W$IIMF@DPTC%FN/AL[+VW1]056
M#-;+K_(?S9(3VC

!WBUIR12+\&

33*3+


ML2FA0?A$AG$TI'88; X+4F6#P9DB.);@:(Q5D+)8K *!;'R:
\2]9YI]F]




\49
-[W7
MO2X66BZH L+
FQ6
9^Z


M^I9

47&PX@#-'Y1J3%W?7. 32D41?Q


M=

M
ZK:.TAU529];#;'


E
^*6U5'3)@W-6;

)Y
,HTL#%!Z
M'QDX//3H+ZRL#\P&C2.(.P9P8/('C#D@EF897@QRZY2''O?@C35I99X$HP +
69N[+R_^9!DI'D(2I?A8<?, ?I3S)D-A@SS5)UQ;#N
M%+!P1-%H.7DWQ<TJGV6^X
DK['W/+=SN757U%YRXN57O.#$R9P301:$7ZGZ
MQK'V'+!T1%ZCG
!2R=7&VNW&T
X%U]V-51DC&/_SY*N6W%:G8 L_0I0_D9/7

M(Z6

M9H7977P#2L22- @A


5C*Z)!'[


IG LQ8HS%R-FGZ




 0P&O



-(PII



M4:W;Z(
!*ZJY;Z

MD*S
97\YJ:Z8OP

MVF:5L\]*E77]9[ ^!/:JF'*;PB^ X


+2W/!
&Z
MS4)ILDD *:)(DQV?Q+)N1 0


M;X)%WNF^O*$]$2!&Y
/?%X*:B@Z?83A,I U);1Z2

M=C$Z?53_4GT;A@2F:_!&I-6-3N.[X]Z*\.U:=/H(Y[NS&FQR$YT^.MKEZ/21
MS^?NH9-4E)





Y\.[;S

M*9==%6^?KX'9;%.#/ $1FQ6'-G!
K



M%[NL7S[[P[9;K8BI6ZP=GVH4\56)L'N%JC[;R/HI8
'4:-:(335D?!W_[A:J

M
&A!P_QN



M(TS-X6PH+3:2UD!B


M+$$HZK4[(ME3XT:\9+BTKX==;Q*&]!R1MUZ386(E
*)&MX^-EJ7'8XY0LLCB


B
@$YMRM4\C/RY?9V$@ R1;VW$#EM;
MJ




J6




$6'MTV965C^=TN

-IL9/$(FMG/J2.)
&
M1EZTJ8O5&ACOBN*W2Z_O@=_QLD@#%(=B36




M

ME-'W407EL__L
EJA

M^M3=AX!BB+(R-9ANK:?FU+(O_

N[$
M56-JD+!N%JFL


M?



M?I FS

(GJ/PQN5[9'



PP*L7I9%A. M@11 L43+#
M3K0W@6[O

M1Q4384KMNZQDI%5U8]?M;\*M 20;K-3@+



]_DP@

#K
.5T







X0?

M.S;]_!_6_WX%//G

XS1/RG
7#

HN$R'4K2*Y(%-$S_




4H2./7MYFAPD-(2HWU12$B=E'8\8G]?GG\$M
M
P3>HAO.BT\]]Q1#=7$

M2@.LT





M(=V1=!;



M






MOM)H6[:PL^U/#^ @.]!Z.Q

KM@_ IDA7]+]\U^U%U=S@Y\VGX+/MMGSUY 3U1;
MHZOO
'H=(K+?G#!?LI$Y)AN*YR Z*'*=?!Z&G0_D-B-359O0^A]@%$+UP(MC
7SK8Y
MW(Y=JXL%VTJP93TN@HUK8R5 \VTHQJXC<#[V+A$C=K:9XE9L7^==C;K@VVV
M'XKI.D!C



MD&;_5M=/NYH(Z[]SCN3U:T,&50Z-.'==DT69S:A@!!HW+L
=%LPL0=;?VU




H!F&0IG1



X(96?
++VQVS16? Y_\T-8^%_
M8AIEO[.EE6^H#&)&@?0]+II95H9[;G^X6

MQ.

Z


%HP(8H3E.;

C\H770@W($$4@:K/(ULTIZ5#C0N86^_ZG'GW_JY()

#33KC_9]*O?_Z5.CV:8-6OCP& .8K+UU7NW-';Q*&] Q1.* ^S]2:
MID60;E?48%6J

Q6@1A0DJ
\_M8(9D*7;H6NT:N8QT+#8





_\UE//6:3+4O8


MOM)[CJ$9YX+B%7+?

MRK\K4\Y/3&3C]F3X\-AD@=A6OPOJ6Y5IL2P_ Q0]$!:
9C ^VJ1QX
]TE:
M5R($73(E[!O$4_C?F9!&H[+.*BU\]OJZ(YL=:(
H8F+&T5HJHT&5;C?C:%W'
M$#3-7*SR-S*:





M2SLFM]HJ2#N/










_U
6I]W9R

I8Z.K/D


7Y'A:/%.UPNZ[X#TE#^/^^WM(A]#\'UX7R#/V5W=T2C.M-U
:



M@!^1FV3'O=KJM$&/;A=

M^N-=KSQ&

M+29D%





&&9V+-L:%$-8ZWD]+@
6*@M5:]%)')5( :493 AF

;B=^


M2J?Z % (4TC@KMU5$^3/#6%-Y;*R_I]M\\2-A.$WY=!5GP(PKR$65[PWV0
M)

!L%S_IK2$0V2K^]D^BKTPXWF8$O'X$L(*+HI)C;@

O[4GA$3?:!!EETD0



MT:=#

MY[O99*!2'E


M1$
:A+?1.$ZF!5.
;T

H-5\\N?7$;.Q9E7_.]KUE0$P!
M6W\B0(S(.+/CEU@/C G1[;/$N_)L=4D


-7/CTCBD(R#
MBHDX+#*LOA]27J[W
8F9X9E]/;(U@@%[_7=.WP&?F4$CG^;GR?&1QU-+N#C=

M(/G*%C?_SVI:4=K*V6@.AK

NZB5
M2WH*?GUGAUM@Q!N!12<ID3=-DT^'- ABEQ(&* AP7*



M!0$K]-7@0KO.^M,GZIK GA@:[0+0I#+:C6]X-%_:+U9Q1&FQLTF'!*K@%X

MU' ^AO\
D7FCPRM9D-0./88WK9J4\#./]LQ]S':69?:F?$?P
4@RMO=HR[7F
M+( 5D8VCPQ=9K8

[.H8D3I[ C7
%
H:2X6+%#$40C4N



LX\BL=^_.$25BG
#[!IB=@//9W27GL*\<8ZZ1#D7:IO,W:Z59OB^
MGEYAHET]E700(C(_#;ABK[PV'7J%!N+<W(QX''J
?FQ$ND[LPBM& #7$T
M1
@






Z O5[9DL@


^8O)?(P84NFMRJ37F- BUZ0KENL# $$'HT#REUZ%
'F]
6T='D\/(S'*<G


 @PA1$5Q-?[<()46)H[M6@9'J

![?6%3



M@%HHPXT2UM8_2#2I4KLEQ0NJL$HCJH8B0+GDW!.=O&407!Z& 9W62E2)I@+4

20(K==UYG2QT=J&NT=%B^Z6_
M QYX@RDKO6] O+!+OON9$]]=AR06^:N.V%NU8[ ^.ZHTF-#[KQ7R6^?U1)T


MSSNFM^%UE

M$8H[B&W$/H

M0.E8P(7(HE/1WTPJUU%BN

M 6I$R1 =#IG)L )XMQ]=:%09D%@.!C!@U8CL QT*ZPES:S;?!&A=5C#H*W
MMNO/=YH4

MHB#*OM




M]EQVD?#^EX6
?S@U E9U

M+\^-L+4W&L@E=%*3RA




M^\[_- N]S6$JY0O0Y_P5[==WX;E9&G/B+V
G]/8_LARFFW.^5W[HI]PPO;$#

!Z
MVEY1T+?0#=C7Z.D]P8%:^#V01


9W
MPA0':.'W0!*AW(VY4

YETF %X^C7


MFXF\D'^3*KS^X:=745+.$59&%!V8DIQ#?^6[1=\QNZGH&

$K&P-68K];0V?
M8_&E^SUMV.RN5Q0R+SD:\YO..2. 2XS'+!T)/!$*U=;7ALHUUG%-X=S<F5:M
M)N2$E'+211C@2]2
5*=!FJCL\(G87RVHTN+
4DP)(O5T@F8^IDTZ?= /Z&X


4#KTDG\Y%L8


!$QUK\
M)9 9*=^]AJ*[WL;* J*PE(8*


UVM=*=IA%_N/




C2)Q12-0



M+!*5&#=R7BA4PO5;&GY.HBWX?1QYF9O.PU44K]'NG'8\\$?(J:FE%


_SPBB
M






M^0++YP_V?_ZO?S
6.%?.
GM*?

MKRB&3_(\!\*G:53*M[;[A6UH(29BC-(1





MEB^
P0/.

4KVURP



; Q[9RIQ:[:G1YA7-Z5/F:LC;EJQ(C
M,PJ-0#O$Q<6)3;R;-QZ_.&$9XR

4

M
C Q-C U
CE?8V%L+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( %R(WD@&

M
C Q-C U
CE?9&5F

M
C Q-C U


