

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-14-260716
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		15
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20140525
FILED AS OF DATE:		20140703
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20140703
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GENERAL MILLS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000040704
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GRAIN MILL PRODUCTS [2040]
		IRS NUMBER:				410274440
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0531
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-01185
		FILM NUMBER:		14960425
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		NUMBER ONE GENERAL MILLS BLVD
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55426
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(763) 764-7600
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 1113
		CITY:			MINNEAPOLIS
		STATE:			MN
		ZIP:			55440












 



 D.C. 20549 





FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED May&nbsp;25
 2014 




 TO


GENERAL MILLS



























Minneapolis
 Minnesota








Securities
registered pursuant to Section&nbsp;12(b) of the Act: 











Common Stock
 $.10 par value



Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer


not required to file reports pursuant to Section&nbsp;13 or Section&nbsp;15(d) of the Act. Yes 
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)&nbsp;has filed all reports required to be filed by Section&nbsp;13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2)&nbsp;has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes
Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate website
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period


 and will not be contained
 to the best of registrant&#146;s knowledge
 in


 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of &#147;large accelerated
filer
&#148; &#147;accelerated filer&#148; and &#147;smaller reporting company&#148; in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 



























by non-affiliates of the registrant
 based on the closing price of $50.12 per share as reported on the New York Stock Exchange on November&nbsp;22
 2013 (the last business day of the registrant&#146;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter):
$31
Number of shares of Common Stock outstanding as of June&nbsp;13
 2014: 612
508
457 (excluding 142
104
871 shares held in





 




















































































































Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities











































































































Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance



































Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
 and Director Independence



































Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules

















 



 




General Mills
 Inc. was
incorporated in Delaware in 1928. The terms &#147;General Mills
&#148; &#147;Company
&#148; &#147;registrant
&#148; &#147;we
&#148; &#147;us
&#148; and &#147;our&#148; mean General Mills
 Inc. and all subsidiaries included in the Consolidated
Certain terms used throughout this report are


commercial baking industries. We manufacture our products in 16 countries and market them in more than 100 countries. In addition to our consolidated operations
 we have 50 percent interests in two strategic joint ventures that manufacture and
We offer a variety of food products that provide great taste
 nutrition
convenience and value for consumers around the world
 with a focus on five large and growing global categories: 











convenient meals
 including meal kits
 ethnic meals
 pizza
 soup
 frozen breakfast
 and frozen entrees; 






snacks
 including grain
 fruit and savory snacks
 nutrition bars
 and frozen hot snacks; 

































 Inc.
(HDJ) joint venture competes in the super-premium ice cream category in Japan. For net sales contributed by each class of similar products
 see Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this report. 
We manage and review the financial results of our business under three operating segments: U.S. Retail; International; and Convenience Stores and
Foodservice. See Management&#146;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&amp;A) in Item&nbsp;7 of this report for a description of our segments. For financial information by segment and geographic area
 see
Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this report. 
 



 Our primary customers are grocery stores
 mass merchandisers
 membership stores
natural food chains
 drug
 dollar and discount chains
 commercial and noncommercial foodservice distributors and operators
 restaurants
 and convenience stores. We generally sell to these customers through our direct sales force. We use broker and
distribution arrangements for certain products or to serve certain types of customers. For further information on our customer credit and product return practices
 please refer to Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this
During fiscal 2014
 Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. and its affiliates (Wal-Mart) accounted for 21 percent of our consolidated net sales and 30
percent of our net sales in the U.S. Retail segment. No other customer accounted for 10 percent or more of our consolidated net sales. Wal-Mart also represented 7 percent of our net sales in the International segment and 7 percent of our net sales
in the Convenience Stores and Foodservice segment. As of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 Wal-Mart accounted for 31 percent of our U.S. Retail receivables
 5 percent of our International receivables
 and 9 percent of our Convenience Stores and Foodservice
receivables. The five largest customers in our U.S. Retail segment accounted for 53 percent of its fiscal 2014 net sales
 the five largest customers in our International segment accounted for 25 percent of its fiscal 2014 net sales
 and the five
largest customers in our Convenience Stores and Foodservice segment accounted for 42 percent of its fiscal 2014 net sales. 
 The consumer foods industry is highly competitive
 with numerous manufacturers of varying sizes in the United States and
throughout the world. The food categories in which we participate are also very competitive. Our principal competitors in these categories all have substantial financial
 marketing
 and other resources. Competition in our product categories is based
on product innovation
 product quality
 price
 brand recognition and loyalty
 effectiveness of marketing
 promotional activity
 and the ability to identify and satisfy consumer preferences. Our principal strategies for competing in each of our
segments include unique consumer insights
 effective customer relationships
 superior product quality
 innovative advertising
 product promotion
 product innovation aligned with consumers&#146; needs
 an efficient supply chain
 and price. In most
product categories
 we compete not only with other widely advertised
 branded products
 but also with generic and private label products that are generally sold at lower prices. Internationally
 we compete with both multi-national and local
manufacturers
Raw materials
 ingredients
The
principal raw materials that we use are grains (wheat
 oats
 and corn)
 sugar
 dairy products
 vegetables
 fruits
 meats
 vegetable oils
 and other agricultural products. We also use substantial quantities of carton board
 corrugated
 plastic and
metal packaging materials
 operating supplies
 and energy. Most of these inputs for our domestic and Canadian operations are purchased from suppliers in the United States. In our international operations
 inputs that are not locally available in
adequate supply may be imported from other countries. The cost of these inputs may fluctuate widely due to external conditions such as weather
 product scarcity
 limited sources of supply
 commodity market fluctuations
 currency fluctuations
 and
changes in governmental agricultural and energy policies and regulations. We have some long-term fixed price contracts
 but the majority of our inputs are purchased on the open market. We believe that we will be able to obtain an adequate supply of
needed inputs. Occasionally and where possible
 we make advance purchases of items significant to our business in order to ensure continuity of operations. Our objective is to procure materials meeting both our quality standards and our production
needs at price levels that allow a targeted profit margin. Since these inputs generally represent the largest variable cost in manufacturing our products
 to the extent possible
 we often manage the risk associated with adverse price movements for
some inputs using a variety of risk management strategies. We also have a grain merchandising operation that provides us efficient access to
 and more informed knowledge of
 various commodity markets
 principally wheat and oats. This operation holds


Minneapolis
 Minnesota. Our research and development resources are focused on new product development
 product improvement
 process design and improvement
 packaging
 and exploratory research in new business and technology areas. Research and
development expenditures were $244 million in fiscal 2014
 $238 million in fiscal 2013
 and $245 million in fiscal 2012. 
 





Crocker
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Bran
 
 
 
 
 
 
. We protect these marks as appropriate through registrations in the United States and other jurisdictions. Depending on the
jurisdiction
 trademarks are generally valid as long as they are in use or their registrations are properly maintained and they have not been found to have become generic. Registrations of trademarks can also generally be renewed indefinitely as
Some of our products are marketed under or in combination with trademarks that have been
licensed from others
 for cereal
 for a variety of products
 as an endorsement for yogurt
 soup
 and vegetable products
 for refrigerated dough
frozen pastries
 and baking products. Our fruit snacks business uses a variety of licensed trademarks
 including 
 
 
 
 
 
 

Kitty
 
 
 and various Warner Bros. and Nickelodeon characters. Our yogurt business uses a variety of licensed trademarks
 including various Disney
 Warner Bros.

 trademark.
Nestl&eacute; licenses certain of its trademarks to CPW
 trademark is licensed royalty-free exclusively to Nestl&eacute; for ice cream and other frozen
dessert products in the United States and Canada. The 
 trademark is licensed to a third party for use in connection with its sale of fresh produce in
 trademark and other related trademarks are owned by Yoplait Marques SAS
 an
entity in which we own a 50 percent interest. These marks are licensed exclusively to Yoplait SAS
 trademark and
other related trademarks are owned by Libert&eacute; Marques
 S.a.r.l.
We continue
our focus on developing and marketing innovative
 proprietary products. We consider the collective rights under our various patents
 which expire from time to time
 a valuable asset
 but we do not believe that our businesses are materially dependent


 demand for our products is evenly balanced throughout the year. However
 within our U.S. Retail segment demand for refrigerated dough
 frozen baked goods
 and baking products is stronger in
canned and frozen vegetables is higher during the fall and winter months. Internationally
 ice cream is higher during the summer
months and demand for baking mix and dough products increases during winter months. Due to the offsetting impact of these demand trends
 as well as the different seasons in the northern and southern hemispheres
 our International segment net sales


 2014
 was not material.

 







 2014
 we had approximately 43
FOOD
The manufacture and sale of consumer food products is highly regulated. In the United States
 our
activities are subject to regulation by various federal government agencies
 including the Food and Drug Administration
 Department of Agriculture
 Federal Trade Commission
 Department of Commerce
 and Environmental Protection Agency
 as well as
ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS
As of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 we were involved with three active cleanup sites associated with the alleged or threatened release of hazardous
substances or wastes located in: Sauget
 Illinois; Minneapolis
 Minnesota; and Moonachie
 New Jersey. These matters involve several different actions
 including administrative proceedings commenced by regulatory agencies and demand letters by
Our operations are subject to the Clean Air Act
 Clean Water Act
 Resource Conservation and Recovery
Act
 Comprehensive Environmental Response
 Compensation
 and Liability Act
 and the Federal Insecticide
 Fungicide
 and Rodenticide Act
 and all similar state
 local
 and foreign environmental laws and regulations applicable to the jurisdictions in
Based on current facts and circumstances
 we believe that neither the results of our environmental proceedings nor our
compliance in general with environmental laws or regulations will have a material adverse effect upon our capital expenditures
 earnings


officers as of July&nbsp;3
 2014: 

 is Executive Vice President
 Global Strategy
 Growth and
Marketing Innovation. Mr.&nbsp;Belton joined General Mills in 1983 and has held various positions
 including President of Snacks from 1994 to 1997
 New Ventures from 1997 to 1999
 and Big G cereals from 1999 to 2002. He had oversight responsibility
for the Yoplait division
 General Mills Canada
 and New Business Development from 2002 to 2005
 and has had oversight responsibility for Growth and Marketing Innovation since 2005 and Global Strategy since September 2010. Mr.&nbsp;Belton was elected
a Vice President of General Mills in 1991
 a Senior Vice President in 1994



 is Executive Vice President
 Supply Chain. Mr.&nbsp;Church joined General Mills in 1988 as a Product Developer in the Big G cereals division and held various
positions before becoming Vice President
 Engineering in 2003. In 2005
 his role was expanded to include development of the company&#146;s strategy for the global sourcing of raw materials and manufacturing capabilities. He was named Vice President
Supply Chain Operations in 2007
 Senior Vice President
 Supply Chain in 2008
 and to his present position in July 2013. 
 



 

 is Executive Vice President
 Human Resources. Mr. Davis
joined General Mills in 1996 as Vice President
 Compensation and Benefits
 after spending 15 years in consulting with Towers Perrin. In 2002
 his role was expanded to include staffing activities
 and in 2005
 he became Vice President
 Human
Resources for the U.S. Retail and Corporate groups. He was named Senior Vice President Global Human Resources in 2008
 and he was appointed to his present position in October 2013. Mr. Davis is retiring in September 2014. 


 is Executive Vice President
 Innovation
 Technology and Quality. Mr.&nbsp;Erickson joined General Mills
in 1994 as part of the Colombo yogurt acquisition. He has held various positions in Research&nbsp;&amp; Development and became Vice President
 Innovation
 Technology and Quality in 2003 and Senior Vice President
 Innovation
 Technology and Quality
in 2006. He was named to his present position in July 2013. 
 age 47
 is Executive Vice President
 Chief
Operating Officer
 U. S. Retail. Mr.&nbsp;Harmening joined General Mills in 1994 and served in various marketing roles in the Betty Crocker
 Yoplait
 and Big G cereal divisions. He was promoted to Marketing Director in 2000 and held leadership roles
in Big G New Enterprises and Foodservice New Business. He was named Vice President
 Marketing for CPW in 2003 and a Vice President of the Big G cereal division in 2004. In 2011
 he was promoted to Senior Vice President for the Big G cereal division.
Mr.&nbsp;Harmening was appointed Senior Vice President
 Chief Executive Officer of CPW in 2012



 is Executive Vice President
 Chief Financial Officer. Mr.&nbsp;Mulligan joined General Mills in 2001 from The Pillsbury Company. He served as Vice
President
 Financial Operations for our International division until 2004
 when he was named Vice President
 Financial Operations for Operations and Technology. Mr.&nbsp;Mulligan was appointed Treasurer of General Mills in 2006
 Senior Vice
President
 Financial Operations in July 2007
 and was elected to his present position in August 2007. From 1987 to 1998
 he held several international positions at PepsiCo
 Inc. and YUM! Brands
 Inc. Mr.&nbsp;Mulligan is a director of Tennant
Company. 
 age 51
 is Senior Vice President
 External Relations
 and President of the General Mills
Foundation. Ms.&nbsp;Nelson joined General Mills in 1988 and has held marketing leadership roles in the Big G cereal
 Snacks
 and Meals divisions. She was elected Vice President
 President
 Snacks in 2004
 Senior Vice President
 President
 Snacks in
2008
 and Senior Vice President
 External Relations in September 2010. She was named President of the General Mills Foundation in May 2011. 


 is Senior Vice President
 President
 Sales&nbsp;&amp; Channel Development. Mr.&nbsp;O&#146;Grady
joined General Mills in 1990 and held several marketing roles in the Snacks
 Meals and Big G cereal divisions. He was promoted to Vice President in 1998 and held marketing positions in the Betty Crocker and Pillsbury USA divisions. In 2004
 he moved
into Consumer Foods Sales
 becoming Vice President
 President
 U.S. Retail Sales in 2007
 and Senior Vice President
 President
 Consumer Foods Sales Division in May 2010. He was promoted to his current position in June 2012. 


 is Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer
 International. Mr.&nbsp;O&#146;Leary
joined General Mills in 1997 as Vice President
 Corporate Growth. He was elected a Senior Vice President in 1999 and President of the Meals division in 2001. Mr.&nbsp;O&#146;Leary was named to his present position in 2006. Prior to joining General
Mills
 he spent 17 years at PepsiCo
 Inc.
 last serving as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Hostess Frito-Lay business in Canada. Mr.&nbsp;O&#146;Leary is a director of Telephone and Data Systems
 Inc. 


 is Executive Vice President
 General Counsel
 Chief Compliance and Risk Management Officer
 and
Secretary. Mr.&nbsp;Palmore joined General Mills in this position in 2008 from the Sara Lee Corporation
 a consumer foods and products company. He spent 12 years at Sara Lee
 last serving as Executive Vice President and General Counsel since 2004.
Mr.&nbsp;Palmore is a director of CBOE Holdings
 Inc. and The Goodyear Tire&nbsp;&amp; Rubber Company. Mr.&nbsp;Palmore is retiring in February 2015. 
 



 

 is Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of
General Mills. Mr. Powell joined General Mills in 1979 and served in a variety of positions before becoming a Vice President in 1990. He became President of the Yoplait division in 1996
 President of the Big G cereal division in 1997
 and Senior
Vice President of General Mills in 1998. From 1999 to 2004
 he served as Chief Executive Officer of CPW. He returned from CPW in 2004 and was elected Executive Vice President. Mr. Powell was elected President and Chief Operating Officer of General
Mills with overall global operating responsibility for the company in 2006
 Chief Executive Officer in 2007
 and Chairman of the Board in 2008. He is a director of Medtronic


 
 is Vice President
 Controller. Mr.&nbsp;Young joined General Mills in 1992 and held several finance roles within the Pillsbury division before he was
appointed Vice President of Finance for the Convenience Stores and Foodservice Division in 2000. Mr.&nbsp;Young was subsequently appointed Vice President Internal Audit in 2005 and Vice President
 Supply Chain in 2008. He was named to his present


 free of charge in the &#147;Investors&#148; portion of this website
 annual reports on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current
reports on Form 8-K
 and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (1934 Act) as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with
 or
furnish it to
 the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Reports of beneficial ownership filed pursuant to Section&nbsp;16(a) of the 1934 Act are also available on our website. 




Our business is subject to
various risks and uncertainties. Any of the risks described below could materially adversely affect our business
 financial condition


 and if we are not able to compete effectively
 our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
The food categories in which we participate are very competitive. Our principal competitors in these categories all have substantial financial
marketing
 and other resources. In most product categories
 we compete not only with other widely advertised branded products
 but also with generic and private label products that are generally sold at lower prices. Competition in our product
categories is based on product innovation
 product quality
 price
 brand recognition and loyalty
 effectiveness of marketing
 promotional activity
 and the ability to identify and satisfy consumer preferences. If our large competitors were to seek
an advantage through pricing or promotional changes
 we could choose to do the same
 which could adversely affect our margins and profitability. If we did not do the same
 our revenues and market share could be adversely affected. Our market share
and revenue growth could also be adversely impacted if we are not successful in introducing innovative products in response to changing consumer demands or by new product introductions of our competitors. If we are unable to build and sustain brand
equity by offering recognizably superior product quality
 we may be unable to maintain premium pricing over generic and private label products. 

There has been significant consolidation in the grocery industry
 resulting in customers with increased purchasing power. In addition
 large retail
customers may seek to use their position to improve their profitability through improved efficiency
 lower pricing
 increased reliance on their own brand name products
 increased emphasis on generic and other economy brands
 and increased
promotional programs. If we are unable to use our scale
 marketing expertise
 product innovation
 knowledge of consumers&#146; needs
 and category leadership positions to respond to these demands
 our profitability and volume growth could be
negatively impacted. In addition
 the loss of any large customer for an extended length of time could adversely affect our sales and profits. For more information on significant customers
 please see Company Overview in Item&nbsp;1 of this report.

 



Price changes for the commodities we depend on for raw materials
 packaging
 and energy may adversely
The principal raw materials that we use are commodities that experience price volatility caused by external
conditions such as weather
 product scarcity
 limited sources of supply
 commodity market fluctuations
 currency fluctuations
 and changes in governmental agricultural and energy policies and regulations. Commodity price changes may result in
unexpected increases in raw material
 packaging
 and energy costs. If we are unable to increase productivity to offset these increased costs or increase our prices
 we may experience reduced margins and profitability. We do not fully hedge against
changes in commodity prices
Volatility in the market


 including grains (oats
 wheat
 and corn)
 oils (principally soybean)
 dairy products
 natural gas
 and
diesel fuel. Changes in the values of these derivatives are recorded in earnings currently
 resulting in volatility in both gross margin and net earnings. These gains and losses are reported in cost of sales in our Consolidated Statements of
Earnings and in unallocated corporate items in our segment operating results until we utilize the underlying input in our manufacturing process
 at which time the gains and losses are reclassified to segment operating profit. We also record our
If we are not efficient
in our production
Our future
success and earnings growth depend in part on our ability to be efficient in the production and manufacture of our products in highly competitive markets. Gaining additional efficiencies may become more difficult over time. Our failure to reduce
costs through productivity gains or by eliminating redundant costs resulting from acquisitions could adversely affect our profitability and weaken our competitive position. Many productivity initiatives involve complex reorganization of
manufacturing facilities and production lines. Such manufacturing realignment may result in the interruption of production


move
 and sell products is critical to our success. Damage or disruption to raw material supplies or our manufacturing or distribution capabilities due to weather
 including any potential effects of climate change
 natural disaster
 fire
 terrorism
pandemic
 strikes
 import restrictions
 or other factors could impair our ability to manufacture or sell our products. Failure to take adequate steps to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events
 or to effectively manage such events
if they occur
 particularly when a product is sourced from a single supplier or location
 could adversely affect our business and results of operations
 as well as require additional resources to restore our supply chain. 

We could be adversely affected if consumers in our principal markets lose confidence in the safety and quality of certain food products or ingredients.
Adverse publicity about these types of concerns
 whether or not valid
 may discourage consumers from buying our products or cause production and delivery disruptions. 
 



If our food products become adulterated
 misbranded
 or mislabeled
 we might need to recall those items
We may need to recall some of our products if they become
adulterated
 misbranded
 or mislabeled. A widespread product recall could result in significant losses due to the costs of a recall
 the destruction of product inventory
 and lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period of time. We
could also suffer losses from a significant product liability judgment against us. A significant product recall or product liability case could also result in adverse publicity
 damage to our reputation
 and a loss of consumer confidence in our food
products
We may be unable to anticipate changes
in consumer preferences and trends
Our success depends in part on our ability to
anticipate the tastes and eating habits of consumers and to offer products that appeal to their preferences. Consumer preferences and category-level consumption may change from time to time and can be affected by a number of different trends and
other factors. If we fail to anticipate
 identify or react to these changes and trends
 or to introduce new and improved products on a timely basis
 we may experience reduced demand for our products
 which would in turn cause our revenues and
profitability to suffer. Similarly
 demand for our products could be affected by consumer concerns regarding the health effects of ingredients such as sodium
 trans fats
 genetically modified organisms
 sugar
 processed wheat
 or other product
We may be unable to grow our market share or add products that are in faster growing and more profitable
The food industry&#146;s growth potential is constrained by population growth. Our success depends in part on our ability to
grow our business faster than populations are growing in the markets that we serve. One way to achieve that growth is to enhance our portfolio by adding innovative new products in faster growing and more profitable categories. Our future results
will also depend on our ability to increase market share in our existing product categories. If we do not succeed in developing innovative products for new and existing categories
 our growth may slow
 which could adversely affect our profitability.


 consumers may purchase more generic
 private label
 and other
economy brands and may forego certain purchases altogether. In those circumstances
 we could experience a reduction in sales of higher margin products or a shift in our product mix to lower margin offerings. In addition
 as a result of economic
conditions or competitive actions
 we may be unable to raise our prices sufficiently to protect margins. Consumers may also reduce the amount of food that they consume away from home at customers that purchase products from our Convenience Stores
Our results may be negatively
Maintaining and continually enhancing the value of our
many iconic brands is critical to the success of our business. The value of our brands is based in large part on the degree to which consumers react and respond positively to these brands. Brand value could diminish significantly due to a number of
factors
 including consumer perception that we have acted in an irresponsible manner
 adverse publicity about our products
 our failure to maintain the quality of our products
 the failure of our products to deliver consistently positive consumer
experiences
 concerns about food safety
 or our products becoming unavailable to consumers. The growing use of social and digital media by consumers
 us
 and third parties increases the speed and extent that information or misinformation and
opinions can be shared. Negative posts or comments about us
 our brands
 or our products on social or digital media could seriously damage our brands and reputation. If we do not maintain the favorable perception of our brands
 our business results
could be negatively impacted. 
 



 
In fiscal 2014
 30 percent of our consolidated net sales were generated outside of the United States. We are accordingly subject to a number of risks
relating to doing business internationally
 any of which could significantly harm our business. These risks include: 





























restriction on the transfer of funds to and from foreign countries
 including potentially negative tax consequences.
Our financial performance on a U.S. dollar denominated basis is subject to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. These
fluctuations could cause material variations in our results of operations. Our principal exposures are to the Australian dollar
 Brazilian real
 British pound sterling
 Canadian dollar
 Chinese renminbi
 euro
 Japanese yen
 Mexican peso
 and Swiss
franc. From time to time
 we enter into agreements that are intended to reduce the effects of our exposure to currency fluctuations
 but these agreements may not be effective in significantly reducing our exposure. 


 the Federal Food and Drug Administration
 the Occupational Safety and
Health Administration
 and other federal
 state
 local
 and foreign governmental agencies relating to the production
 packaging
 storage
 distribution
 quality
 and safety of food products
 the health and safety of our employees
 and the protection
of the environment. Our failure to comply with such laws and regulations could subject us to lawsuits
 administrative penalties
 and civil remedies
 including fines
 injunctions
 and recalls of our products. We advertise our products and could be
the target of claims relating to alleged false or deceptive advertising under federal
 state
 and foreign laws and regulations. We may also be subject to new laws or regulations restricting our right to advertise our products
 including proposals to
limit advertising to children. Changes in laws or regulations that impose additional regulatory requirements on us could increase our cost of doing business or restrict our actions
 causing our results of operations to be adversely affected.
We have a substantial amount of indebtedness
 which could limit financing and other options and in some cases adversely affect our ability
As of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 we had total debt
 redeemable interests
 and noncontrolling interests of $10.2 billion. The
agreements under which we have issued indebtedness do not prevent us from incurring additional unsecured indebtedness in the future. Our level of indebtedness may limit our: 





ability to obtain additional financing for working capital
 capital expenditures
 or general corporate purposes
 particularly if the ratings
assigned to our debt securities by rating organizations were revised downward; and 




flexibility to adjust to changing business and market conditions and may make us more vulnerable to a downturn in general economic conditions.
There are various financial covenants and other restrictions in our debt instruments and noncontrolling interests. If we
fail to comply with any of these requirements
 the related indebtedness (and other unrelated indebtedness) could become due and payable prior to its stated maturity and our ability to obtain additional or alternative financing may also be adversely
affected. 
 



Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt and other obligations will depend on our
operating and financial performance
 which in turn is subject to prevailing economic conditions and to financial
 business


 increase our costs of borrowing
 and disrupt the operations of our suppliers and customers. 
We depend on stable
 liquid
 and well-functioning capital and credit markets to fund our operations. Although we believe that our operating cash flows
financial assets
 access to capital and credit markets
 and revolving-credit agreements will permit us to meet our financing needs for the foreseeable future
 there can be no assurance that future volatility or disruption in the capital and credit
markets will not impair our liquidity or increase our costs of borrowing. Our business could also be negatively impacted if our suppliers or customers experience disruptions resulting from tighter capital and credit markets or a slowdown in the
Volatility in the securities markets
 interest rates
 and other factors could substantially increase our defined benefit
pension
 other postretirement benefit
We sponsor a number of defined benefit plans for employees in
the United States
 Canada
 and various foreign locations
 including defined benefit pension
 retiree health and welfare
 severance
 and other postemployment plans. Our major defined benefit pension plans are funded with trust assets invested in a
globally diversified portfolio of securities and other investments. Changes in interest rates
 mortality rates
 health care costs
 early retirement rates
 investment returns
 and the market value of plan assets can affect the funded status of our
defined benefit plans and cause volatility in the net periodic benefit cost and future funding requirements of the plans. A significant increase in our obligations or future funding requirements could have a negative impact on our results of
Our business operations could be disrupted if our information technology systems fail to
The efficient operation of our business depends on our information technology systems. We rely on our
information technology systems to effectively manage our business data
 communications
 supply chain
 order entry and fulfillment
 and other business processes. The failure of our information technology systems to perform as we anticipate could
disrupt our business and could result in transaction errors
 processing inefficiencies
 and the loss of sales and customers
 causing our business and results of operations to suffer. In addition
 our information technology systems may be vulnerable
to damage or interruption from circumstances beyond our control
 including fire
 natural disasters
 systems failures
 security breaches
 telecommunications failures
 computer viruses
 hackers
 and other security issues. Any such damage or
If other potentially responsible parties (PRPs) are unable to
contribute to remediation costs at certain contaminated sites
We are subject to various
federal
 state
 local
 and foreign environmental and health and safety laws and regulations. Under certain of these laws
 namely the Comprehensive Environmental Response
 Compensation
 and Liability Act and its state counterparts
 liability for
investigation and remediation of hazardous substance contamination at currently or formerly owned or operated facilities or at third-party waste disposal sites is joint and several. We currently are involved in active remediation efforts at certain
sites where we have been named a PRP. If other PRPs at these sites are unable to contribute to remediation costs
 we could be held responsible for their portion of the remediation costs
 and those costs could be material. We cannot assure that our
costs in relation to these environmental matters or compliance with environmental laws in general will not exceed our established liabilities or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 



A change in the assumptions regarding the future performance of our businesses or a different


net assets of a reporting unit
 including goodwill
 to the fair value of the unit. If the fair value of the net assets of the reporting unit is less than the net assets including goodwill
 impairment has occurred. Our estimates of fair value are
determined based on a discounted cash flow model. Growth rates for sales and profits are determined using inputs from our long-range planning process. We also make estimates of discount rates
 perpetuity growth assumptions
 market comparables
 and
other factors. While we currently believe that our goodwill is not impaired
 different assumptions regarding the future performance of our businesses could result in significant impairment losses. 
We evaluate the useful lives of our intangible assets
 primarily intangible assets associated with the 
 

 
 
 

 brands
 to determine if they are finite or indefinite-lived. Reaching a determination on useful life requires significant judgments
and assumptions regarding the future effects of obsolescence
 demand
 competition
 other economic factors (such as the stability of the industry
 known technological advances
 legislative action that results in an uncertain or changing regulatory
environment
 and expected changes in distribution channels)
 the level of required maintenance expenditures


the fair value of the brands is based on a discounted cash flow model using inputs including projected revenues from our long-range plan
 assumed royalty rates which could be payable if we did not own the brands
 and a discount rate. 
As of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 we had $13.1 billion of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. Our Europe and Yoplait U.S. reporting units and
 brands have experienced declining business performance and we will continue to monitor those businesses. While we currently believe that the fair value of each intangible exceeds its carrying value
and that those intangibles so classified will contribute indefinitely to our cash flows
 different assumptions regarding future performance of our businesses or a different weighted-average cost of capital could result in significant impairment
losses and amortization expense. For further information on goodwill and intangible assets

<FONT

 we evaluate potential acquisitions or joint ventures that would further our strategic objectives. Our success depends
 in part
 upon our ability to integrate acquired and existing
operations. If we are unable to successfully integrate acquisitions
 our financial results could suffer. Additional potential risks associated with acquisitions include additional debt leverage
 the loss of key employees and customers of the
acquired business
 the assumption of unknown liabilities
 the inherent risk associated with entering a geographic area or line of business in which we have no or limited prior experience
 failure to achieve anticipated synergies
 and the impairment
of goodwill or other acquisition-related intangible assets. 



None.

 






We own our principal
executive offices and main research facilities
 which are located in the Minneapolis
 Minnesota metropolitan area. We operate numerous manufacturing facilities and maintain many sales and administrative offices
 warehouses
 and distribution centers
As of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 we operated 65 facilities for the production of a wide variety of food products. Of these
facilities
 30 are located in the United States (2 of which are leased)
 9 in the Asia/Pacific region (4 of which are leased)
 5 in Canada (3 of which are leased)
 8 in Europe (2 of which are leased)
 12 in Latin America and Mexico (1 of which is
leased)
 and 1 in South Africa. The following is a list of the locations of our principal production facilities
 which primarily support the segment noted: 

























&#149; Carson
 California

&#149; Cedar Rapids
 Iowa

&#149; Vineland
 New Jersey



&#149; Lodi
 California

&#149; Methuen
 Massachusetts

&#149; Albuquerque
 New Mexico



&#149; Covington
 Georgia

&#149; Irapuato
 Mexico

&#149; Buffalo
 New York



&#149; Belvidere
 Illinois

&#149; Reed City
 Michigan

&#149; Wellston
 Ohio



&#149; West Chicago
 Illinois

&#149; Fridley
 Minnesota

&#149; Murfreesboro
 Tennessee



&#149; New Albany
 Indiana

&#149; Hannibal
 Missouri























&#149; Mt. Waverly
 Australia

&#149; St. Hyacinthe
 Canada

&#149; Labatut
 France



&#149; Rooty Hill
 Australia

&#149; Guangzhou
 China

&#149; Le Mans
 France



&#149; Bernardo do Campo
 Brazil

&#149; Sanhe
 China

&#149; Moneteau
 France



&#149; Cambara
 Brazil

&#149; Shanghai
 China

&#149; Vienne
 France



&#149; Pouso Alegre
 Brazil

&#149; Arras
 France

&#149; San Adrian
 Spain





















&#149; Chanhassen
 Minnesota

&#149; Joplin
 Missouri

&#149; Martel
 Ohio
We operate numerous grain elevators in the United States in support of our domestic manufacturing activities. We also
utilize approximately 11&nbsp;million square feet of warehouse and distribution space
 nearly all of which is leased
 that primarily supports our U.S. Retail segment. We own and lease a number of dedicated sales and administrative offices around the
world
 totaling approximately 3&nbsp;million square feet. We have additional warehouse
 distribution
 and office space in our plant locations. 
As part of our H&auml;agen-Dazs business in our International segment
 we operate 407 (all leased) and franchise 344 branded ice cream parlors in various
countries around the world
 all outside of the United States and Canada. 



We are the subject of
various pending or threatened legal actions in the ordinary course of our business. All such matters are subject to many uncertainties and outcomes that are not predictable with assurance. In our opinion
 there were no claims or litigation pending
as of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 that were reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. See the information contained under the section entitled &#147;Environmental Matters&#148; in
Item&nbsp;1 of this report for a discussion of environmental matters in which we are involved. 



None.

 



 




Market for Registrant&#146;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol &#147;GIS.&#148; On June&nbsp;13
 2014
 there were approximately 33
000 record
holders of our common stock. Information regarding the market prices for our common stock and dividend payments for the two most recent fiscal years is set forth in Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this report.
The following table sets forth information with respect to shares of our common stock that we purchased during the fiscal quarter ended
May&nbsp;25
 2014: 

































Program
(b)


February 24
 2014-

















March 30
 2014


3
196
747







3
196
747



16
918
728


March 31
 2014-

















April 27
 2014


3
319
820







3
319
820



13
598
908


April 28
 2014

















May 25
 2014


150
235







150
235



100
000
000





6
666
802







6
666
802



100
000
000























The total number of shares purchased includes shares of common stock withheld for the payment of withholding taxes upon the distribution of deferred option units.




On June&nbsp;28
 2010
 our Board of Directors approved an authorization for the repurchase of up to 100
000
000 shares of our common stock. On May&nbsp;6
 2014
 our
Board of Directors approved a new authorization for the repurchase of up to 100
000
000 shares of our common stock and terminated the June 2010 authorization. Purchases can be made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions
including the use of call options and other derivative instruments
 Rule 10b5-1 trading plans
 and accelerated repurchase programs. The Board did not specify an expiration date for the authorization. 
 






The following
table sets forth selected financial data for each of the fiscal years in the five-year period ended May&nbsp;25
 2014: 





























In Millions
 Except Per Share Data
 Percentages and Ratios









































17
909.6



17
774.1



16
657.9



14
880.2



14
635.6





6
369.8



6
423.9



6
044.7



5
953.5



5
800.2


Selling
 general
 and administrative expenses


3
474.3



3
552.3



3
380.7



3
192.0



3
162.7





3
153.9



3
222.9



3
011.6



2
945.6



2
854.5





1
824.4



1
855.2



1
567.3



1
798.3



1
530.5






































































































































Diluted
 excluding certain items affecting comparability (b)

































































Selling
 general
 and administrative expenses as a














































































































Land
 buildings
 and equipment


3
941.9



3
878.1



3
652.7



3
345.9



3
127.7





23
145.7



22
658.0



21
096.8



18
674.5



17
678.9


Long-term debt
 excluding current portion


6
423.5



5
926.1



6
161.9



5
542.5



5
268.5





8
785.8



7
969.1



7
429.6



6
885.1



6
425.9



























2
541.0



2
926.0



2
407.2



1
531.1



2
185.1















































































































































































































See Non-GAAP Measures in Item&nbsp;7 of this report for our discussion of this measure not defined by generally accepted accounting principles.

 







We are a global
consumer foods company. We develop distinctive value-added food products and market them under unique brand names. We work continuously to improve our established products and to create new products that meet consumers&#146; evolving needs and
preferences. In addition
 we build the equity of our brands over time with strong consumer-directed marketing
 innovative new products
 and effective merchandising. We believe our brand-building strategy is the key to winning and sustaining leading
Our fundamental financial goal is to generate superior returns for our stockholders over the
long term. We believe that increases in net sales
 segment operating profit
 earnings per share (EPS)
 and return on average total capital are the key drivers of financial performance for our business. 
























 coupled with an attractive dividend yield
 should result in long-term value creation for stockholders. We return a substantial amount of cash to stockholders
Fiscal 2014 was a challenging year
 as developed markets continued to experience weak consumer
trends and quite low category growth. The cereal category in developed markets was soft and the global yogurt category was impacted by significant dairy inflation. For the fiscal year ended May&nbsp;25
 2014
 our net sales grew 1 percent and total
segment operating profit excluding Venezuela currency devaluation of $3
154 million declined 2 percent from $3
223 million last year. Our return on average total capital declined by 40 basis points
 as fiscal 2014 earnings did not grow in line with
our capital base. Diluted EPS grew 1 percent and diluted EPS excluding certain items affecting comparability increased 4 percent (See the &#147;Non-GAAP Measures&#148; section below for discussion of total segment operating profit excluding
Venezuela currency devaluation
 diluted EPS excluding certain items affecting comparability and return on average total capital
 which are not defined by generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP)). Net cash provided by operations totaled $2.5
billion in fiscal 2014
 enabling us to increase our annual dividend payments per share by 17 percent from fiscal 2013. We also made significant capital investments totaling $664 million in fiscal 2014 and repurchased $1.7 billion of shares of common
stock. 





We delivered a strong line-up of consumer marketing
 merchandising
 and innovation to support our leading brands and continued to build our
global platforms in markets around the world. 




We returned $2.7 billion to stockholders in fiscal 2014
 including a 17 percent dividend increase and 47 percent more shares of common stock
repurchased that resulted in a 3 percent net reduction in average shares outstanding. 




While we exercised good administrative cost control
 executed strong holistic margin management (HMM) efforts
 increased share repurchases and
had favorable interest expense
 net sales and segment operating profit excluding Venezuela currency devaluation performance were below our targets. We achieved 1 percent growth in net sales
 primarily contributions from new businesses added in
fiscal 2013. Total segment operating profit excluding Venezuela currency devaluation declined 2 percent and diluted EPS excluding certain items affecting comparability increased 4 percent. 

 



In fiscal 2015
 we expect to generate constant currency growth consistent with our long-term model
including the effects of a 53 week year: 




We are targeting mid single-digit growth in constant currency net sales


 with double-digit growth in emerging markets and low
single-digit growth in developed markets. 




We expect to grow share in the U.S. cereal category through significant product innovation
 build on our improving performance in the U.S.
yogurt category
 and continue our strong growth in the snack category around the world. 




We are targeting mid single-digit growth in total constant currency segment operating profit in fiscal 2015. We continue to view our HMM
discipline of cost savings and mix management as a competitive advantage. Cost of sales HMM is expected to offset anticipated input cost inflation of 3 percent. 





We are targeting high single-digit growth in constant currency diluted EPS excluding certain items affecting comparability.





We expect to deliver strong cash returns to stockholders in fiscal 2015
 including annualized dividends per share of $1.64 and share repurchases
that are expected to result in a net reduction in shares outstanding of at least 3 percent. 




Our businesses generate strong levels of cash flows
 and we will use some of this cash to reinvest in our business. Our fiscal 2015 plans call
Certain terms used throughout this report are defined
in a glossary in Item&nbsp;8 of this report. 
Our consolidated results for fiscal 2014 include one additional quarter of operating activity from the acquisition of Yoki Alimentos S.A. (Yoki) in
Brazil
 one additional quarter of operating activity from the assumption of the Canadian Yoplait franchise license
 and three additional quarters of operating activity from the acquisition of Immaculate Baking Company in the United
States.&nbsp;Collectively
 these items are referred to as &#147;new businesses&#148; in comparing our fiscal 2014 results to fiscal 2013. 
Fiscal 2014 net sales grew 1 percent to $17
910 million including 1 percentage point of growth contributed by new businesses. Excluding new businesses
net sales grew 1 percent
 offset by 1 percentage point of unfavorable foreign currency exchange. In fiscal 2014
 were $1
824 million
 down 2 percent from $1
855 million in fiscal 2013
 and we
of $2.83 in fiscal 2014
 up 1 percent from $2.79 in fiscal 2013. Fiscal 2014 results include a gain on the divestiture of certain grain elevators
 the impact of Venezuela currency devaluation
 gains from the
mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions and grain inventories
 and restructuring charges related to our fiscal 2012 productivity and cost savings plan. Fiscal 2013 results include the effects from various discrete tax items
 the
impact of Venezuela currency devaluation
 restructuring charges related to our fiscal 2012 productivity and cost savings plan
 integration costs resulting from the acquisition of Yoki
 and gains from the mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity
positions and grain inventories. Diluted EPS excluding these items affecting comparability totaled $2.82 in fiscal 2014
 up 4 percent from $2.72 in fiscal 2013 (see the &#147;Non-GAAP Measures&#148; section below for a description of our use of this
measure and our discussion of the items affecting comparability). 
 



 

















































 including 2 percentage points of contribution from volume growth due to new
businesses. Favorable net price realization and mix contributed 1 percentage point of growth
 and unfavorable foreign currency exchange decreased net sales growth by 1 percentage point. 
increased $190 million in fiscal 2014 to $11
540 million. Higher volume drove an $115 million increase in cost of sales. Product mix
also drove an $130 million increase in cost of sales. In fiscal 2014
 we recorded a $49 million net decrease in cost of sales related to mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions and grain inventories as described in Note 7 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this report
 compared to a net decrease of $4 million in fiscal 2013. We also recorded a $23 million foreign exchange loss in fiscal 2014 related to the Venezuela currency devaluation compared to a
$16 million loss in fiscal 2013. In fiscal 2013


Selling
 general and administrative (SG&amp;A) expenses 
was primarily driven by a 3 percent decrease in advertising and media expense
 a smaller contribution to the General Mills Foundation
 a decrease in incentive compensation expense and lower pension expense compared to fiscal 2013. In fiscal 2014
 we
recorded a $39 million charge related to Venezuela currency devaluation compared to a $9 million charge in fiscal 2013. In addition
 we recorded $12 million of integration costs in fiscal 2013 related to our acquisition of Yoki. SG&amp;A expenses as
Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs 
in fiscal 2014. The restructuring charge related to a productivity and cost savings plan approved in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012. These restructuring actions were completed in fiscal 2014. In fiscal 2014
 we paid $22 million in cash related to
During fiscal 2014
of $66&nbsp;million related to the sale of certain grain
Interest
 net 
$15 million lower than fiscal 2013. The average interest rate decreased 41 basis points
 including the effect of the mix of debt
 generating a $31 million decrease in net interest. Average interest bearing instruments increased $367 million
generating a $16 million increase in net interest. 
 



for fiscal 2014 was 33.3 percent compared to 29.2 percent in
fiscal 2013. The 4.1 percentage point increase was primarily related to the restructuring of our General Mills Cereals
 LLC (GMC) subsidiary during the first quarter of 2013 which resulted in a $63 million decrease to deferred income tax liabilities
related to the tax basis of the investment in GMC and certain distributed assets
 with a corresponding non-cash reduction to income taxes. During fiscal 2013
 we also recorded a $34 million discrete decrease in income tax expense and an increase in
our deferred tax assets related to certain actions taken to restore part of the tax benefits associated with Medicare Part D subsidies which had previously been reduced in fiscal 2010 with the enactment of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care
Act
 as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010. Our fiscal 2013 tax expense also includes a $12 million charge associated with the liquidation of a corporate investment. 
for fiscal 2014 decreased to $90 million compared to $99 million in fiscal 2013 primarily driven by
increased consumer spending at Cereal Partners Worldwide (CPW) and unfavorable foreign currency exchange from H&auml;agen-Dazs Japan


Venture Change in Net Sales 




































































In fiscal 2014
 CPW net sales declined by 1 percentage point due to unfavorable foreign currency exchange. Contribution
from volume growth was flat compared to fiscal 2013. In fiscal 2014
 net sales for HDJ decreased 8 percentage points from fiscal 2013 as 11 percentage points of contributions from volume growth was offset by 17 percentage points of net sales decline


 partially offset by the issuance of
7&nbsp;million shares related to stock compensation plans.




 mainly due to a decrease in other receivables related to the liquidation of a corporate investment. 
Land
 buildings
 and equipment 
 as $664 million of capital expenditures were partially offset by
increased $27 million from fiscal 2013
 primarily due to
increased $302 million from fiscal 2013
 primarily related to favorable investment returns on pension
plan assets. 
 



increased $188 million from fiscal 2013
 primarily due to the extension of payment
 long-term debt
current portion
 
The current and noncurrent portions
increased $331 million from fiscal 2013 primarily as a result of changes in the funded status of our defined benefit postretirement plans which were recognized through accumulated other comprehensive
decreased $378 million from fiscal 2013
 primarily driven by dividends declared in the fourth
decreased $310 million from fiscal 2013
primarily driven by a decrease in pension
 postemployment
increased $17 million
increased $1
085 million from fiscal 2013
 reflecting fiscal 2014 net earnings of $1
824 million
increased $1
532 million from fiscal 2013
 due to $1
775 million of share repurchases

capital 
 including $30 million related to the settlement of an accelerated share repurchase agreement. 


include three quarters of operating activity from the acquisitions of Yoki in Brazil and Food Should Taste Good in the United States
 and the assumption of the Canadian Yoplait franchise license (Yoplait Canada)
 four quarters of results for Yoplait
Ireland and Parampara Foods in India
 and two quarters of results for Immaculate Baking Company in the United States. Also included in the first quarter of fiscal 2013 are two additional months of results from the acquisition of Yoplait S.A.S.
Collectively
Fiscal 2013 net
sales grew 7 percent to $17
774 million. In fiscal 2013
were $1
855 million
 up 18 percent from $1
567 million in fiscal 2012
of $2.79 in fiscal 2013
 up 19
percent from $2.35 in fiscal 2012. Fiscal 2013 results include the effects from various discrete tax items
 the impact of Venezuela currency devaluation
 restructuring charges related to our fiscal 2012 productivity and cost savings plan
integration costs resulting from the acquisition of Yoki
 and gains from the mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions and grain inventories. Fiscal 2012 results include losses from the mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity
positions and grain inventories
 restructuring charges related to our 2012 productivity and cost savings plan
 and integration costs resulting from the acquisitions of Yoplait S.A.S. and Yoplait Marques S.A.S. Diluted EPS excluding these items
affecting comparability totaled $2.72 in fiscal 2013
 up 6 percent from $2.56 in fiscal 2012 (see the &#147;Non-GAAP Measures&#148; section below for a description of our use of this measure and our discussion of the items affecting comparability).

 



 


















































 including 6 percentage points of growth contributed by new businesses
 primarily Yoki
 Yoplait S.A.S.
 and Yoplait Canada. Excluding the impact of new
businesses
 net sales grew 2 percent
 partially offset by 1 percentage point of unfavorable foreign currency exchange. Contributions from volume growth increased net sales by 9 percentage points
 including 8 percentage points of contribution from
volume growth due to new businesses. Unfavorable net price realization and mix decreased net sales growth by 1 percentage point and unfavorable foreign currency exchange decreased net sales growth by 1 percentage point. 
increased $737 million in fiscal 2013 to $11
350 million. Higher volume drove a $982 million increase in cost of sales. We also
recorded a $17 million non-recurring expense related to the assumption of the Canadian Yoplait franchise license and a $16 million charge related to Venezuela currency devaluation in fiscal 2013. These increases were partially offset by a $170
million decrease in cost of sales attributable to product mix. In fiscal 2013
 we recorded a $4 million net decrease in cost of sales related to mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions and grain inventories as described in Note 7 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this report
Gross


expense. In addition
 we recorded a $9 million foreign exchange loss resulting from the remeasurement of assets and liabilities of our Venezuelan subsidiary following the devaluation of the bolivar in fiscal 2013. Excluding these items
 SG&amp;A
expenses decreased compared to fiscal 2012


 impairment
 and other exit costs 
 we recorded a $19 million restructuring charge related to a productivity and cost savings plan
approved in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012
 consisting of $11 million of employee severance expense and other exit costs of $8 million. All of our operating segments were affected by these actions including $16 million related to our
International segment
 $2 million related to our U.S. Retail segment
 and $1 million related to our Convenience Stores and Foodservice segment. In addition
 we recorded $1 million of charges associated with other previously announced restructuring
actions. In fiscal 2013
 we paid $80 million in cash related to restructuring actions. In fiscal 2012
 we recorded a $102 million restructuring charge related to the productivity and cost savings plan approved in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012.
Interest
 net 
 $35 million lower than fiscal 2012. The average interest rate decreased 60 basis
points
 including the effect of the mix of debt
 generating a $43 million decrease in net interest. Average interest bearing instruments increased $167 million
 primarily from an increase in incremental borrowing to fund the acquisition of Yoki
generating an $8 million increase in net interest. 
 



for fiscal 2013 was 29.2 percent compared to 32.1 percent in
fiscal 2012. The 2.9 percentage point decrease was primarily related to the restructuring of our GMC subsidiary during the first quarter of fiscal 2013 which resulted in a $63 million decrease to deferred income tax liabilities related to the tax
basis of the investment in GMC and certain distributed assets
 with a corresponding discrete non-cash reduction to income taxes. During fiscal 2013
 we also recorded a $34 million discrete decrease in income tax expense and an increase in our
deferred tax assets related to certain actions taken to restore part of the tax benefits associated with Medicare Part D subsidies which had previously been reduced in fiscal 2010 with the enactment of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act
as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010. Our fiscal 2013 tax expense also includes a $12 million charge associated with the liquidation of a corporate investment. 
for fiscal 2013 increased to $99 million compared to $88 million in fiscal 2012 primarily due to higher tax


Venture Change in Net Sales 






























































In fiscal 2013
 CPW net sales declined by 1 percentage point as 2 percentage points of net sales growth from favorable
net price realization and mix were offset by 3 percentage points of net sales decline from unfavorable foreign currency exchange. Contribution from volume growth was flat compared to fiscal 2012. In fiscal 2013
 net sales for HDJ decreased 2
percentage points from fiscal 2012 as 6 percentage points of net sales growth from volume contribution was offset by 7 percentage points of net sales decline from unfavorable foreign currency exchange and 1 percentage point of net sales decline
decreased by 1&nbsp;million in fiscal
2013 from fiscal 2012
 due primarily to the repurchase of 24&nbsp;million shares. 

 



The following tables provide the dollar amount and percentage of net sales and operating profit from each
segment for fiscal years 2014
 2013
 and 2012: 
































































































10
604.9







10
614.9







10
480.2









5
385.9







5
200.2







4
194.3









1
918.8







1
959.0







1
983.4









17
909.6







17
774.1







16
657.9














































2
311.5







2
392.9







2
295.3





























































3
091.7







3
197.7







3
011.6








Segment operating profit excludes unallocated corporate items
 gain on divestitures
 and restructuring
 impairment
 and
other exit costs because these items affecting operating profit are centrally managed at the corporate level and are excluded from the measure of segment profitability reviewed by our executive management. 
Our U.S.
Retail segment reflects business with a wide variety of grocery stores
 mass merchandisers
 membership stores
 natural food chains
 and drug
 dollar and discount chains operating throughout the United States. Our product categories in this business
segment include ready-to-eat cereals
 refrigerated yogurt
 soup
 meal kits
 shelf stable and frozen vegetables
 refrigerated and frozen dough products
 dessert and baking mixes
 frozen pizza and pizza snacks
 grain
 fruit and savory snacks
 and a
wide variety of organic products including granola bars
 cereal
In fiscal 2014
 net sales for our U.S. Retail segment were $10.6
billion
 flat compared to fiscal 2013. Contributions from volume growth and net price realization and mix were flat compared to fiscal 2013. 
In fiscal 2013
 net sales for this segment totaled $10.6 billion
 up 1 percent from fiscal 2012 due to contributions from volume growth. Net price
realization and mix was flat compared to fiscal 2012. 



































































 



 







































2
345.4



2
340.8



2
387.9





1
831.7



1
845.7



1
792.8





1
823.8



1
717.2



1
578.6





1
525.5



1
549.6



1
601.0





1
418.8



1
481.0



1
452.8





1
311.9



1
352.6



1
418.5



















10
604.9



10
614.9



10
480.2
































































































































Fiscal 2014 U.S. Retail segment net sales were flat compared to fiscal 2013 as net sales growth in Snacks and Small
Planet Foods was offset by declines in Meals
 Yoplait
 Frozen Foods


 Small Planet Foods
 Baking Products
 and Meals divisions
 partially offset by declines in the
Yoplait
 Frozen Foods
Segment operating profit of $2.3 billion in fiscal 2014 declined $81 million
 or 3 percent
 from
fiscal 2013. The decrease reflects higher trade spending
Segment
operating profit of $2.4 billion in fiscal 2013 improved $98 million
 or 4 percent
 from fiscal 2012. The increase was primarily driven by a 5 percent reduction in advertising and media expense
 favorable net price realization and mix
 and higher
volume
 partially offset by an increase in input costs. 
 





 shelf stable and frozen vegetables
 meal kits
refrigerated and frozen dough products
 dessert and baking mixes
 frozen pizza snacks
 refrigerated yogurt
 grain and fruit snacks
 and super-premium ice cream and frozen desserts. We also sell super-premium ice cream and frozen desserts directly to
consumers through owned retail shops. Our International segment also includes products manufactured in the United States for export
 mainly to Caribbean and Latin American markets
 as well as products we manufacture for sale to our international
joint ventures. Revenues from export activities and franchise fees are reported in the region or country where the end customer is located. 
As part of a long-term plan to conform the fiscal year ends of all our operations
 we have changed the reporting period of certain countries within our
International segment from an April fiscal year end to a May fiscal year end to match our fiscal calendar. Accordingly
 in the year of change
 our results include 13 months of results from the affected operations compared to 12 months in previous
and future fiscal years. In fiscal 2013
 we changed the reporting period for our operations in Europe and Australia. In fiscal 2012
 we changed the reporting period for our operations in China. The impact of these changes was not material to the
Net sales for our International segment were up 4 percent in fiscal
2014 compared to fiscal 2013
 to $5
386 million
 including 5 percentage points of growth from new businesses
 primarily Yoki and Yoplait Canada. The growth in fiscal 2014 included 5 percentage points of contributions from volume growth
 including 7
percentage points resulting from new businesses
 and 3 percentage points of favorable net price realization and mix
 partially offset by 4 percentage points of unfavorable foreign currency exchange. 
Net sales totaled $5
200 million in fiscal 2013
 up 24 percent from $4
194 million in fiscal 2012. The growth in fiscal 2013 was driven by 21 percentage
points from new businesses
 primarily Yoki
 Yoplait S.A.S.
 and Yoplait Canada. Excluding the impact of new businesses
 net sales growth was up 3 percent. Volume contributed 34 percentage points of net sales growth
 including 32 percentage points
resulting from new businesses












































































































2
188.8



2
214.6



1
988.5





1
195.3



1
210.5























1
020.0













5
385.9



5
200.2



4
194.3
























 



 























Percentage&nbsp;Change&nbsp;in&nbsp;
Net


Percentage&nbsp;Change&nbsp;in&nbsp;
Net







































































































































Fiscal 2013 percentage change in net sales as reported for the Europe region includes 4 percentage points of growth due to an additional month of results. The impact to
The 4 percentage point increase in the
International segment fiscal 2014 net sales was driven by growth in the Latin America and Asia/Pacific regions
 partially offset by declines in the Europe and Canada regions. On a constant currency basis
 International segment net sales grew 8
percent
 with 38 percent growth in the Latin America region
 9 percent growth in the Asia/Pacific region
 and 5 percent growth in the Canada region
 partially offset by 4 percent decline in the Europe region. 
The 24 percentage point increase in the International segment fiscal 2013 net sales was driven by growth across all regions. On a constant currency
basis
 International segment net sales grew 28 percent
 with 139 percent growth in the Latin America region
 15 percent growth in the Europe region
 22 percent growth in the Canada region
 and 11 percent growth in the Asia/Pacific region.
Segment operating profit for fiscal 2014 declined 4 percent to $473 million from $490 million in fiscal 2013
 primarily driven by unfavorable
foreign currency exchange including a $62 million charge related to Venezuela currency devaluation in fiscal 2014 and higher input costs
 partially offset by volume growth
 favorable net price realization and mix
 and an additional quarter of
results from the Yoki acquisition. In addition we recorded a $17 million non-recurring expense related to the assumption of the Canadian Yoplait franchise license and a $25 million charge related to Venezuela currency devaluation in fiscal 2013.
International segment operating profit excluding the impact of Venezuela currency devaluation was $535 million in fiscal 2014
 an increase of 4 percent compared to $515 million in fiscal 2013 (see the &#147;Non-GAAP Measure&#148; section below for
Segment operating profit for fiscal 2013 grew 14 percent to $490 million from $430 million in fiscal 2012
primarily driven by volume growth
 the Yoki acquisition
 and a full year of activity from Yoplait S.A.S.
 partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency exchange
 including a $25 million charge related to Venezuela currency devaluation.
International segment operating profit excluding the impact of Venezuela currency devaluation was $515 million in fiscal 2013
 a 20 percent increase compared to $430 million in fiscal 2012 (see the &#147;Non-GAAP Measure&#148; section below for our
use of this measure). 
 



Venezuela is a highly inflationary economy and as such
 we remeasure the value of the assets and liabilities
of our Venezuelan subsidiary based on the exchange rate at which we expect to remit dividends in U.S. dollars. In February 2013
 the Venezuelan government devalued the bolivar by resetting the official exchange rate. The effect of the devaluation in
fiscal 2013 was a $25&nbsp;million foreign exchange loss in segment operating profit resulting from the remeasurement of assets and liabilities of our Venezuelan subsidiary. On February&nbsp;19
 2014
 the Venezuelan government established a new
foreign exchange market mechanism (&#147;SICAD&nbsp;2&#148;) and has indicated that this will be the market through which U.S. dollars will be obtained for the remittance of dividends. This market has significantly higher foreign exchange rates than
those available through the other foreign exchange mechanisms.&nbsp;In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014
 we recorded a $62 million foreign exchange loss in the International segment operating profit resulting from the remeasurement of assets and
liabilities of our Venezuelan subsidiary at the SICAD 2 rate of 50.0 bolivars per U.S. dollar.&nbsp;We have been able to access U.S. dollars through the SICAD 2 market. Our Venezuela operations represent less than 1 percent of our consolidated
assets
 liabilities
 net sales
 and segment operating profit.&nbsp;As of May 25
 2014


 we
changed the name of our Bakeries and Foodservice operating segment to Convenience Stores and Foodservice. The businesses in this segment were unchanged. Our major product categories are ready-to-eat cereals
 snacks
 refrigerated yogurt
 unbaked and
fully baked frozen dough products
 baking mixes
 and flour. Many products we sell are branded to the consumer and nearly all are branded to our customers. We sell to distributors and operators in many customer channels including foodservice
convenience stores
 vending
 and supermarket bakeries. Substantially all of this segment&#146;s operations are located in the United States. 
For fiscal 2014
 net sales for our Convenience Stores and Foodservice segment decreased 2 percent to $1
919 million primarily driven by an 1 percentage
point decrease in contributions from volume growth and 1 percentage point of unfavorable net price realization and mix. Volume declines were driven by the loss of business with a major customer as well as the impact of inclement weather
 as fiscal


 net sales for our Convenience Stores and Foodservice segment decreased 1 percent to $1
959 million due to an 1 percentage point decrease in contributions from volume growth. Net price



















































































































1
918.8



1
959.0



1
983.4
















 



In fiscal 2014
 segment operating profit was $307 million
 down 2 percent from $315 million in fiscal 2013.
The decrease was primarily driven by volume declines
 unfavorable net price realization
In
fiscal 2013
 segment operating profit was $315 million
 up 10 percent from $287 million in fiscal 2012. The increase was primarily driven by favorable product mix
 lower manufacturing and input costs
 and reduced administrative costs. 

Unallocated corporate items include corporate overhead expenses
 variances to planned domestic employee benefits and incentives
 contributions to the
General Mills Foundation
 and other items that are not part of our measurement of segment operating performance. This includes gains and losses from mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions until passed back to our operating segments
For fiscal 2014
unallocated corporate expense totaled $196 million compared to $326 million last year. In fiscal 2014 we recorded a $49 million net decrease in expense related to mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions and grain inventories
compared to a $4 million net decrease in expense last year. Compensation and benefit expenses decreased $59 million and the contribution to the General Mills Foundation decreased in fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013. In fiscal 2013
 we also
Unallocated corporate expense totaled $326 million in fiscal
2013 compared to $348 million in fiscal 2012. In fiscal 2013
 we recorded a $4 million net decrease in expense related to mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions and grain inventories
 compared to a $104 million net increase in
expense in fiscal 2012. Pension expense increased $40 million in fiscal 2013 compared to fiscal 2012. In fiscal 2013
 we also recorded $12 million of integration costs related to the acquisition of Yoki. 
We have
experienced significant input cost volatility for several years. Our gross margin performance in fiscal 2014 reflects the impact of 4 percent input cost inflation
 primarily on commodities inputs. We expect input cost inflation of 3 percent in
fiscal 2015. We attempt to minimize the effects of inflation through HMM
 planning


 as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively
 the Act) was signed into law in March 2010. The Act codifies health
care reforms with staggered effective dates from 2010 to 2018. Many provisions in the Act require the issuance of additional guidance from various government agencies. Because the Act does not take effect fully until future years
 the Act did not
have a material impact on our fiscal 2014
 2013
 or 2012 results of operations. Estimates of the future impacts of several of the Act&#146;s provisions are incorporated into our postretirement benefit liability. The Act may also impact our future
health care benefit related expenses. Given the complexity of the Act
 the extended time period over which the reforms will be implemented
 and the unknown impact of future regulatory guidance
 the full impact of the Act on future periods will not


 our operations have generated $7.9 billion in cash. A substantial portion of this operating cash
flow has been returned to stockholders through share repurchases and dividends. We also use cash from operations to fund our capital expenditures and acquisitions. We typically use a combination of cash
 notes payable
 and long-term debt to finance
significant acquisitions and major capital expansions. 
 



As of May 25
 2014
 we had $840 million of cash and cash equivalents held in foreign jurisdictions which
will be used to fund foreign operations and acquisitions. There is currently no need to repatriate these funds in order to meet domestic funding obligations or scheduled cash distributions. If we choose to repatriate cash held in foreign
jurisdictions
 we intend to do so only in a tax-neutral manner. 

































Net earnings
 including earnings attributable to redeemable and noncontrolling interests


1
861.3



1
892.5



1
589.1
































































































































Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs













Changes in current assets and liabilities
 excluding the effects of acquisitions













Other
 net
















2
541.0



2
926.0



2
407.2















In fiscal 2014
 our operations generated $2.5 billion of cash compared to $2.9 billion in fiscal 2013. The $385 million
decrease is primarily due a $503 million change in current assets and liabilities. The change in current assets and liabilities is primarily driven by a $403 million change in other current liabilities largely due to changes in trade promotion and
income tax accruals
 and a $107 million change in inventory. In addition


 core working capital decreased 9 percent
 compared to net sales growth of 1 percent
 primarily due
to an increase in accounts payable. In fiscal 2013
 core working capital decreased 5 percent
 compared to net sales growth of 7 percent
 and in fiscal 2012
 core working capital decreased 7 percent
 compared to net sales growth of 12 percent.
In fiscal 2013
 our operations generated $2.9 billion of cash compared to $2.4 billion in fiscal 2012. The $519 million increase is primarily
due to a $303 million increase in net earnings and $227 million from changes in current assets and liabilities. Other current liabilities accounted for $336 million of the increase in current assets and liabilities due to trade and tax accruals
 and
accounts payable accounted for $252 million of the increase partly as the result of the extension of payment terms. These were partially offset by a $214 million change in prepaid expenses and other current assets primarily due to changes in
derivative receivables and changes in other receivables related to the liquidation of a corporate investment
 and a $126 million change in inventory largely driven by a lower level of inventory reduction activity compared to fiscal 2012. In both
fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2012
 we made a $200 million voluntary contribution to our principal domestic pension plans.&nbsp;In addition
 we paid $80 million in cash related to restructuring actions in fiscal 2013. 
 



 

































Purchases of land
 buildings
 and equipment













Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired










(1
050.1


Investments in affiliates
 net













Proceeds from disposal of land
 buildings
 and equipment









































Other
 net




















(1
515.4



(1
870.8















In fiscal 2014
 cash used by investing activities decreased by $954 million from fiscal 2013. We invested $664 million in
land
 buildings
 and equipment in fiscal 2014
 $50 million more than the same period last year. We made $55 million of investments in affiliates
 primarily CPW
 in fiscal 2014. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014 we sold certain grain elevators for
approximately $122 million in cash
 subject to a working capital adjustment. In addition we received $29 million in payments from Sodiaal International (Sodiaal) in fiscal 2014 against the $132 million exchangeable note we purchased in 2012.
In fiscal 2013
 cash used by investing activities decreased by $355 million from fiscal 2012. In fiscal 2013
 we acquired Yoki
 a privately
held food company headquartered in Sao Bernardo do Campo
 Brazil
 for an aggregate purchase price of $940 million
 comprised of $820 million of cash
 net of $31 million of cash acquired
 and $120 million of non-cash consideration for debt assumed.
We invested $614 million in land
 buildings
 and equipment in fiscal 2013
 $62 million less than the same period in fiscal 2012. In addition
 we received $16 million in payments from Sodiaal in fiscal 2013 against the $132 million exchangeable note.
We expect capital expenditures to be approximately $730 million in fiscal 2015. These expenditures will support initiatives that are expected
to fuel International growth
 increase manufacturing capacity for Snacks
 and continue HMM initiatives throughout the supply chain. 


















































1
673.0



1
001.1



1
390.5





(1
444.8







(1
450.1

































(1
745.3



(1
044.9
















































Other
 net
















(1
824.1



(1
140.2




















 



Net cash used by financing activities increased by $684 million in fiscal 2014. We had $387 million more net
debt issuances in fiscal 2014 than the same period a year ago. For more information on our debt issuances
 please refer to Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report. 
During fiscal 2014
 we received $108 million in proceeds from common stock issued on exercised options compared to $301 million in fiscal 2013
 a
decrease of $193 million. During fiscal 2012
In June
2010
 our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 100&nbsp;million shares of our common stock. The Board terminated this authorization in May 2014 and approved a new authorization for the repurchase of up to 100&nbsp;million shares of
our common stock. Purchases under the authorization can be made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions
 including the use of call options and other derivative instruments
 Rule&nbsp;10b5-1 trading plans
 and accelerated
During fiscal 2014
 we paid $1
745 million to repurchase
36&nbsp;million shares of our common stock. During fiscal 2013
 we repurchased 24&nbsp;million shares of our common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $1
015 million
 including 6&nbsp;million shares with a fair value of $270 million purchased
as part of an accelerated share repurchase (ASR) agreement. Under the terms of this agreement
 we also paid an additional $30 million to the unrelated financial institution for shares which were settled in the first quarter of fiscal 2014. During
fiscal 2012
Dividends paid
in fiscal 2014 totaled $983 million
 or $1.55 per share
 a 17 percent per share increase from fiscal 2013. Dividends paid in fiscal 2013 totaled $868 million
 or $1.32 per share
 an 8 percent per share increase from fiscal 2012 dividends of $1.22
per share. On March&nbsp;11
 2014
 our Board of Directors approved a dividend increase
 effective with the May&nbsp;1
 2014 payment
 to an annual rate of $1.64 per share
 a 6 percent increase from the rate paid in fiscal 2014. 























Inflow (Outflow)
 in Millions










Advances to joint ventures
 net
























































May&nbsp;25




May&nbsp;26







1
111.7









1
250.6



1
443.3





6
423.5



5
926.1





8
785.8



7
969.1

























6
534.8



6
672.2





16
775.3



16
065.1












 



The following table details the fee-paid committed and uncommitted credit lines we had available as of
May&nbsp;25
 2014: 




















































































To ensure availability of funds
 we maintain bank credit lines sufficient to cover our outstanding short-term borrowings.
Commercial paper is a continuing source of short-term financing. We have commercial paper programs available to us in the United States and Europe. We also have uncommitted and asset-backed credit lines that support our foreign operations. The
credit facilities contain several covenants
Certain
of our long-term debt agreements
 our credit facilities
 and our noncontrolling interests contain restrictive covenants. As of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 we were in compliance with all of these covenants. 
We have $1
251 million of long-term debt maturing in the next 12 months that is classified as current. We believe that cash flows from operations
together with available short- and long-term debt financing


 2014
 our total debt
 including the impact of derivative instruments designated as hedges
 was 71 percent in fixed-rate and 29 percent in floating-rate instruments
 compared to 73
percent in fixed-rate and 27 percent in floating-rate instruments on May&nbsp;26
 2013. The change in the fixed-rate and floating-rate percentages was driven by increased commercial paper issuances. 
Growth in return on average total capital is one of our key performance measures (see the &#147;Non-GAAP Measures&#148; section below for our discussion
of this measure
 which is not defined by GAAP). Return on average total capital decreased from 12.0 percent in fiscal 2013 to 11.6 percent in fiscal 2014
 as fiscal 2014 earnings did not grow in line with our capital base. We also believe that our
fixed charge coverage ratio and the ratio of operating cash flow to debt are important measures of our financial strength. Our fixed charge coverage ratio in fiscal 2014 was 8.04 compared to 7.62 in fiscal 2013. The measure increased from fiscal
2013 as earnings before income taxes and after-tax earnings from joint ventures increased by $120 million and fixed charges decreased by $10 million
 driven primarily by lower interest. Our operating cash flow to debt ratio decreased 7.8 percentage
points to 28.9 percent in fiscal 2014
We have a 51 percent controlling interest in Yoplait S.A.S. and a
50 percent interest in Yoplait Marques S.A.S. and Libert&eacute; Marques S.a.r.l. Sodiaal holds the remaining interests in each of these entities. We consolidate these entities into our consolidated financial statements. We record Sodiaal&#146;s 50
percent interest in Yoplait Marques S.A.S. and Libert&eacute; Marques S.a.r.l. as noncontrolling interests
 and their 49 percent interest in Yoplait S.A.S. as a redeemable interest on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. These euro- and Canadian
dollar-denominated interests are reported in U.S. dollars on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Sodiaal has the ability to put a limited portion of its redeemable interest to us at fair value once per year up to a maximum remaining term of 6 years. As
of May&nbsp;25
 2014
During the first
quarter of fiscal 2013
 in conjunction with the consent of the Class&nbsp;A investor
 we restructured General Mills Cereals
 LLC (GMC) through the distribution of its manufacturing assets
 stock
 inventory
 cash and certain intellectual property to
a wholly owned subsidiary.&nbsp;GMC retained the remaining intellectual property.&nbsp;Immediately following the restructuring
 the Class&nbsp;A Interests of GMC were sold by the then current holder to another unrelated third-party investor.

 



The third-party holder of the GMC Class&nbsp;A Interests receives quarterly preferred distributions from
available net income based on the application of a floating preferred return rate
 currently equal to the sum of three-month LIBOR plus 110 basis points
 to the holder&#146;s capital account balance established in the most recent mark-to-market
valuation (currently $252 million).&nbsp;The preferred return rate is adjusted every three years through a negotiated agreement with the Class&nbsp;A Interest holder or through a remarketing auction. 
The holder of the Class&nbsp;A Interests may initiate a liquidation of GMC under certain circumstances
 including
 without limitation
 the bankruptcy of
GMC or its subsidiaries
 GMC&#146;s failure to deliver the preferred distributions on the Class&nbsp;A Interests
 GMC&#146;s failure to comply with portfolio requirements
 breaches of certain covenants
 lowering of our senior debt rating below
either Baa3 by Moody&#146;s or BBB- by Standard&nbsp;&amp; Poor&#146;s
 and a failed attempt to remarket the Class&nbsp;A Interests. In the event of a liquidation of GMC
 each member of GMC will receive the amount of its then current capital account
We may exercise our option to purchase the
Class&nbsp;A Interests for consideration equal to the then current capital account value
 plus any unpaid preferred return and the prescribed make-whole amount. If we purchase these interests
 any change in the unrelated third-party investor&#146;s


 2014
 we
have issued guarantees and comfort letters of $341 million for the debt and other obligations of consolidated subsidiaries
 and guarantees and comfort letters of $284 million for the debt and other obligations of non-consolidated affiliates
 mainly
CPW. In addition
 off-balance sheet arrangements are generally limited to the future payments under non-cancelable operating leases
 which totaled $388 million as of May&nbsp;25


 2014
 we had invested in five variable interest entities (VIEs). None of our VIEs are material to our results of operations
 financial condition
 or liquidity as of and for the year
ended May&nbsp;25
Our defined benefit plans in the United States are subject to the requirements of the Pension Protection Act (PPA).
The PPA revised the basis and methodology for determining defined benefit plan minimum funding requirements as well as maximum contributions to and benefits paid from tax-qualified plans. The PPA may ultimately require us to make additional
contributions to our domestic plans. We do not expect to be required to make any contributions in fiscal 2015. 
 



The following table summarizes our future estimated cash payments under existing contractual obligations
including payments due by period: 


















































7
681.0



1
249.5



2
000.0



1
250.0



$3
181.5







































































2
830.4



2
203.6

















10
994.9



3
641.0



2
578.0



1
421.3



3
354.6





1
520.9





















12
515.8



3
641.0



2
578.0



1
421.3



$3
354.6



























Amounts represent the expected cash payments of our long-term debt and do not include $2 million for capital leases or $9 million for net unamortized bond premiums and
discounts and fair value adjustments. 







The majority of the purchase obligations represent commitments for raw material and packaging to be utilized in the normal course of business and for consumer marketing
spending commitments that support our brands. For purposes of this table
 arrangements are considered purchase obligations if a contract specifies all significant terms
 including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased
 a pricing structure
 and
approximate timing of the transaction. Most arrangements are cancelable without a significant penalty and with short notice (usually 30 days). Any amounts reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as accounts payable and accrued liabilities are
excluded from the table above. 



The fair value of our foreign exchange
 equity
 commodity
 and grain derivative contracts with a payable position to the counterparty was $28 million as of May&nbsp;25
2014
 based on fair market values as of that date. Future changes in market values will impact the amount of cash ultimately paid or received to settle those instruments in the future. Other long-term obligations mainly consist of liabilities for
accrued compensation and benefits
 including the underfunded status of certain of our defined benefit pension
 other postretirement benefit
 and postemployment plans
 and miscellaneous liabilities. We expect to pay $21 million of benefits from our
unfunded postemployment benefit plans and $14 million of deferred compensation in fiscal 2015. We are unable to reliably estimate the amount of these payments beyond fiscal 2015. As of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 our total liability for uncertain tax
positions and accrued interest and penalties was $193 million. 
For a complete description of our significant accounting policies
 see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this report. Our
significant accounting estimates are those that have a meaningful impact on the reporting of our financial condition and results of operations. These estimates include our accounting for promotional expenditures
 valuation of long-lived assets
intangible assets
 redeemable interest
 stock-based compensation
 income taxes
 and defined benefit pension
 other postretirement


customers and directly or indirectly with end consumers. These activities include: payments to customers to perform merchandising activities on our behalf
 such as advertising or in-store displays; discounts to our list prices to lower retail shelf
prices; payments to gain distribution of new products; coupons
 contests
 and other incentives; and media and advertising expenditures. The recognition of these costs requires estimation of customer participation and performance levels. These
estimates are made based on the forecasted customer sales
 the timing and forecasted costs of promotional activities
 and other factors. Differences between estimated expenses and actual costs are recognized as a change in management estimate in a
subsequent period. Our accrued trade
 coupon
 and consumer marketing liabilities were $578 million as of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 and $635 million as of May&nbsp;26
 2013. Because our total promotional expenditures (including amounts classified as a
reduction of revenues) are significant
 if our estimates are inaccurate we would have to make adjustments in subsequent periods that could have a material effect on our results of operations. 
 





amount of an asset (or asset group) may not be recoverable. Fair value is measured using discounted cash flows or independent appraisals


subject to amortization and are tested for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. Our estimates of fair value for goodwill impairment testing are determined based on a
discounted cash flow model. We use inputs from our long-range planning process to determine growth rates for sales and profits. We also make estimates of discount rates
 perpetuity growth assumptions
 market comparables
 and other factors.
We evaluate the useful lives of our other intangible assets
 mainly brands
 to determine if they are finite or indefinite-lived. Reaching a
determination on useful life requires significant judgments and assumptions regarding the future effects of obsolescence
 demand
 competition
 other economic factors (such as the stability of the industry
 known technological advances
 legislative
action that results in an uncertain or changing regulatory environment
 and expected changes in distribution channels)
 the level of required maintenance expenditures
 and the expected lives of other related groups of assets. Intangible assets that
are deemed to have definite lives are amortized on a straight-line basis
 over their useful lives
 generally ranging from 4 to 30 years. Our estimate of the fair value of our brand assets is based on a discounted cash flow model using inputs which
include projected revenues from our long-range plan
 assumed royalty rates that could be payable if we did not own the brands


 2014
 brands
have experienced declining business performance and we will continue to monitor these businesses. While we currently believe that the fair value of each intangible exceeds its carrying value and that those intangibles so classified will contribute
indefinitely to our cash flows
 materially different assumptions regarding future performance of our businesses or a different weighted-average cost of capital could result in significant impairment losses and amortization expense. We performed our
fiscal 2014 assessment of our intangible assets as of November&nbsp;25
 2013. As of our annual assessment date
 there was no impairment of any of our intangible assets as their related fair values were substantially in excess of the carrying values
 brand
 which had a fair value 8 percent greater than its carrying value of $63 million. In addition
 brand had a fair value 23 percent greater than its carrying value of $35 million.

During the third quarter of fiscal 2014
 we adjusted the redemption value of Sodiaal&#146;s redeemable interest in Yoplait S.A.S. based on a discounted
cash flow model. The significant assumptions used to estimate the redemption value include projected revenue growth and profitability from our long-range plan
 capital spending
 depreciation and taxes
 foreign currency rates
 and a discount rate. As
of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 the redemption value of the redeemable interest was $984 million. 
The valuation of stock options is a significant accounting estimate that requires us to use judgments and assumptions that are likely to have a material
impact on our financial statements. Annually
 we make predictive assumptions regarding future stock price volatility
 employee exercise behavior
 dividend yield
 and the forfeiture rate. For more information on these assumptions
 please refer to
Note&nbsp;11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this report. 
 



The estimated fair values of stock options granted and the assumptions used for the Black-Scholes
option-pricing model were as follows: 

































































































































The risk-free interest rate for periods during the expected term of the options is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon
yield curve in effect at the time of grant. An increase in the expected term by 1 year
 leaving all other assumptions constant
 would increase the grant date fair value by 2 percent. If all other assumptions are held constant
 a one percentage point
To
the extent that actual outcomes differ from our assumptions
 we are not required to true up grant-date fair value-based expense to final intrinsic values. However
 these differences can impact the classification of cash tax benefits realized upon
exercise of stock options
 as explained in the following two paragraphs. Furthermore
 historical data has a significant bearing on our forward-looking assumptions. Significant variances between actual and predicted experience could lead to
prospective revisions in our assumptions


Statements of Cash Flows as a financing cash flow. The actual impact on future years&#146; financing cash flows will depend
 in part
 on the volume of employee stock option exercises during a particular year and the relationship between the


earnings) are first offset against the cumulative balance of windfall tax benefits
 if any
 and then charged directly to income tax expense
 potentially resulting in volatility in our consolidated effective income tax rate. We calculated a
cumulative amount of windfall tax benefits for the purpose of accounting for future shortfall tax benefits and currently have sufficient cumulative windfall tax benefits to absorb projected arising shortfalls
 such that we do not currently expect
future earnings to be affected by this provision. However
 as employee stock option exercise behavior is not within our control
 it is possible that materially different reported results could occur if different assumptions or conditions were to
prevail. 
We apply a more-likely-than-not threshold to the recognition and derecognition of uncertain tax positions. Accordingly
 we recognize the amount of tax
benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement. Future changes in judgment related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions will affect earnings in the quarter of such change.
For more information on income taxes
 please refer to Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item&nbsp;8 of this report. 
Defined Benefit Pension
 Other Postretirement Benefit
 and Postemployment Benefit Plans 
We have defined benefit pension plans covering most employees in the United States
 Canada
 France
 and the United Kingdom. We also sponsor plans that
provide health care benefits to the majority of our retirees in the United States
 Canada
 and Brazil. Under certain circumstances
 we also provide accruable benefits to former or inactive employees in the United States
 Canada
 and Mexico
 and
members of our Board of Directors
 including severance and certain other benefits payable upon death. Please refer to Note 13 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in 
 



 
Item&nbsp;8 to this report for a description of our defined benefit pension
 other postretirement benefit
 and postemployment benefit plans. 
We recognize benefits provided during retirement or following employment over the plan participants&#146; active working lives. Accordingly
 we make
various assumptions to predict and measure costs and obligations many years prior to the settlement of our obligations. Assumptions that require significant management judgment and have a material impact on the measurement of our net periodic
benefit expense or income and accumulated benefit obligations include the long-term rates of return on plan assets
 the interest rates used to discount the obligations for our benefit plans
 and the health care cost trend rates. 

Our expected rate of return on plan assets is determined by our asset allocation
 our historical long-term investment performance
 our estimate of future
long-term returns by asset class (using input from our actuaries
 investment services
 and investment managers)
 and long-term inflation assumptions. We review this assumption annually for each plan
 however
 our annual investment performance for
one particular year does not
 by itself
Our historical investment returns (compound annual growth
rates) for our United States defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets were 15.3 percent
 13.9 percent
 9.2 percent
 8.4 percent
 and 9.9 percent for the 1
 5
 10
 15
 and 20 year periods ended May&nbsp;25
 2014.
On a weighted-average basis
 the expected rate of return for all defined benefit plans was 8.53 percent for fiscal 2014
 8.53 percent for
fiscal 2013
Lowering the expected long-term rate of return on assets by 100 basis points would increase
our net pension and postretirement expense by $59 million for fiscal 2015. A market-related valuation basis is used to reduce year-to-year expense volatility. The market-related valuation recognizes certain investment gains or losses over a
five-year period from the year in which they occur. Investment gains or losses for this purpose are the difference between the expected return calculated using the market-related value of assets and the actual return based on the market-related
Discount Rates
Our discount rate assumptions are determined annually as of the last day of our fiscal year for our defined benefit pension
 other
postretirement benefit
 and postemployment benefit plan obligations. We work with our outside actuaries to determine the timing and amount of expected future cash outflows to plan participants and
 using the Aa Above Median corporate bond yield
 to
develop a forward interest rate curve
 including a margin to that index based on our credit risk. This forward interest rate curve is applied to our expected future cash outflows to determine our discount rate assumptions. 
































Obligations as of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 and fiscal 2015 expense













Obligations as of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 and fiscal 2014 expense








































Lowering the discount rates by 100 basis points would increase our net defined benefit pension
 other postretirement
benefit
 and postemployment benefit plan expense for fiscal 2015 by approximately $96 million. All obligation-related experience gains and losses are amortized using a straight-line method over the average remaining service period of active plan
participants. 
 





recent plan experience
 plan design
 overall industry experience and projections
 and assumptions used by other similar organizations. Our initial health care cost trend rate is adjusted as necessary to remain consistent with this review
 recent
experiences
 and short-term expectations. Our initial health care cost trend rate assumption is 7.3 percent for retirees age 65 and over and 6.5 percent for retirees under age 65 at the end of fiscal 2014. Rates are graded down annually until the
ultimate trend rate of 5.0 percent is reached in 2025 for all retirees. The trend rates are applicable for calculations only if the retirees&#146; benefits increase as a result of health care inflation. The ultimate trend rate is adjusted annually
as necessary
 to approximate the current economic view on the rate of long-term inflation plus an appropriate health care cost premium. Assumed trend rates for health care costs have an important effect on the amounts reported for the other
postretirement benefit plans. 





































Effect on the other postretirement accumulated benefit obligation as of May&nbsp;25
 2014


















Any arising health care claims cost-related experience gain or loss is recognized in the calculation of expected future
claims. Once recognized
 experience gains and losses are amortized using a straight-line method over 15 years


 we recorded net defined benefit pension
 other
postretirement benefit
 and postemployment benefit plan expense of $140 million compared to $159 million of expense in fiscal 2013 and $106 million of expense in fiscal 2012. As of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 we had cumulative unrecognized actuarial net
losses of $1.4 billion on our defined benefit pension plans and $80 million on our postretirement and postemployment benefit plans
 mainly as the result of liability increases from lower interest rates
 partially offset by recent increases in the
values of plan assets. These unrecognized actuarial net losses will result in increases in our future pension expense and increases in postretirement expense since they currently exceed the corridors defined by GAAP. 
We use the 2014 IRS Static Mortality Table projected forward to our plans&#146; measurement dates to calculate the year-end defined benefit pension
other postretirement benefit
Actual future net defined benefit pension
 other
postretirement benefit
 and postemployment benefit plan income or expense will depend on investment performance
 changes in future discount rates
 changes in health care cost trend rates
 and other factors related to the populations participating in


 the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued new accounting requirements for the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers. The requirements of the new standard are effective
for annual reporting periods beginning after December&nbsp;15
 2016
 and interim periods within those annual periods
 which for us is the first quarter of fiscal 2018. We do not expect this guidance to have a material impact on our results of
operations or financial position. 
 





 and include these measures in other
For each of these non-GAAP financial measures
 we are providing below a reconciliation of the differences
between the non-GAAP measure and the most directly comparable GAAP measure
 an explanation of why our management or the Board of Directors believes the non-GAAP measure provides useful information to investors
 and any additional purposes for which
our management or Board of Directors uses the non-GAAP measure. These non-GAAP measures should be viewed in addition to
 and not in lieu of

<FONT

measure provides useful information to investors because it provides transparency to the underlying performance of the International segment by excluding the volatility related to the remeasurement of our Venezuelan subsidiary&#146;s balance sheet.
A reconciliation of this measure to International segment operating profit follows: 






































































































































This measure is used in reporting to our executive management and as a component of the Board of Director&#146;s measurement of our performance for
incentive compensation purposes. We believe that this measure provides useful information to investors because it provides transparency to underlying segment performance by excluding the volatility related to the remeasurement of our Venezuelan
subsidiary&#146;s balance sheet. A reconciliation of this measure to operating profit
 the relevant GAAP measure
 follows: 







































































2
311.5



2
392.9



2
295.3



2
348.0



2
385.1


International
 excluding Venezuela currency devaluation














































3
153.9



3
222.9



3
011.6



2
945.7



2
854.5














































Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs














































2
957.4



2
851.8



2
562.4



2
774.6



2
606.2
























 



 
This measure is used in reporting to our executive management and as a component of the Board of Director&#146;s measurement of our performance for
incentive compensation purposes. We believe that this measure provides useful information to investors because it is the profitability measure we use to evaluate earnings performance on a comparable year-over-year basis. The adjustments are either
items resulting from infrequently occurring events or items that
 in management&#146;s judgment


 the relevant GAAP measure
 follows: 















































Diluted earnings per share
 as reported











































Divestiture gain
 net (b)













































































































Diluted earnings per share
 excluding certain items affecting comparability






















































The fiscal 2013 tax items consist of a reduction to income taxes related to the restructuring of our GMC subsidiary and an increase to income taxes related to the
liquidation of a corporate investment. Additionally
 fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2010 include changes in deferred taxes associated with the Medicare Part D subsidies related to the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act
 as amended by the Health Care
and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010. The fiscal 2011 tax item represents the effects of court decisions and audit settlements on uncertain tax matters. 







Impact of remeasuring the assets and liabilities of our Venezuelan subsidiary following currency devaluation in fiscal 2014
 fiscal 2013
 and fiscal 2010.





 





measure provides useful information to investors because it is important for assessing the utilization of capital and it eliminates certain items which affect year-to-year comparability. 

























































Net earnings
 including earnings attributable to redeemable and noncontrolling interests


1
861.3



1
892.5



1
589.1



1
803.5



1
535.0&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;






Interest
 net
 after-tax




























Earnings before interest
 after-tax


2
052.2



2
093.7



1
828.0



2
047.0



1
796.1&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;














































































































Divestiture gain
 net


























































Earnings before interest
 after-tax for return on capital calculation


2
047.1



2
051.0



1
967.6



1
898.1



1
845.0&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
















1
250.6



1
443.3







1
031.3













1
111.7















1
050.1&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;









6
423.5



5
926.1



6
161.9



5
542.5



5
268.5&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



5
754.8&nbsp;








8
785.8



7
969.1



7
429.6



6
885.1



6
425.9&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



7
075.5&nbsp;

























































6
534.8



6
672.2



6
421.7



6
365.5



5
402.9&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



5
172.3&nbsp;








16
775.3



16
065.1



15
160.1



13
497.3



12
073.9&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



12
492.0&nbsp;





1
340.3



1
585.3



1
743.7



1
010.8



1
486.9&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;






































17
906.3



17
446.2



16
742.3



14
207.0



13
408.6&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;



13
168.7&nbsp;








17
676.2



17
094.2



15
474.6



13
807.8



13
288.6&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;


















































 



Net Sales Growth Rates for Our International Segment Excluding the Impact of Changes in Foreign
We believe that this measure of our International segment and region net sales provides useful information to
investors because it provides transparency to the underlying performance in markets outside the United States by excluding the effect that foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations have on year-to-year comparability. 
To present this information
 current period results for entities reporting in currencies other than United States dollars are translated into United
States dollars at the average exchange rates in effect during the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year
 rather than the actual average exchange rates in effect during the current fiscal year. Therefore
 the foreign currency impact is equal
to current year results in local currencies multiplied by the change in the average foreign currency exchange rate between the current fiscal period and the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year. 

































































































































Change in
Net



























































































CAUTIONARY STATEMENT RELEVANT TO FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSE OF &#147;SAFE HARBOR&#148; PROVISIONS OF
This report contains or incorporates by reference forward-looking statements within
the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that are based on our current expectations and assumptions. We also may make written or oral forward-looking statements
 including statements contained in our filings with the SEC
and in our reports to stockholders. 
 



The words or phrases &#147;will likely result
&#148; &#147;are expected to
&#148; &#147;will continue
&#148;
&#147;is anticipated
&#148; &#147;estimate
&#148; &#147;plan
&#148; &#147;project
&#148; or similar expressions identify &#147;forward-looking statements&#148; within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such
statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results and those currently anticipated or projected. We wish to caution you not to place undue reliance on any such
In connection with the &#147;safe harbor&#148; provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995
 we are identifying important factors that could affect our financial performance and could cause our actual results in future periods to differ materially from any current opinions or statements. 
Our future results could be affected by a variety of factors
 such as: competitive dynamics in the consumer foods industry and the markets for our
products
 including new product introductions
 advertising activities
 pricing actions
 and promotional activities of our competitors; economic conditions
 including changes in inflation rates
 interest rates
 tax rates
 or the availability of
capital; product development and innovation; consumer acceptance of new products and product improvements; consumer reaction to pricing actions and changes in promotion levels; acquisitions or dispositions of businesses or assets; changes in capital
structure; changes in the legal and regulatory environment
 including labeling and advertising regulations and litigation; impairments in the carrying value of goodwill
 other intangible assets
 or other long-lived assets
 or changes in the useful
lives of other intangible assets; changes in accounting standards and the impact of significant accounting estimates; product quality and safety issues
 including recalls and product liability; changes in consumer demand for our products;
effectiveness of advertising
 marketing
 and promotional programs; changes in consumer behavior
 trends
 and preferences
 including weight loss trends; consumer perception of health-related issues
 including obesity; consolidation in the retail
environment; changes in purchasing and inventory levels of significant customers; fluctuations in the cost and availability of supply chain resources
 including raw materials
 packaging
 and energy; disruptions or inefficiencies in the supply chain;
volatility in the market value of derivatives used to manage price risk for certain commodities; benefit plan expenses due to changes in plan asset values and discount rates used to determine plan liabilities; failure or breach of our information
technology systems; foreign economic conditions




unanticipated events. 





flows. In the normal course of business
 we actively manage our exposure to these market risks by entering into various hedging transactions
 authorized under established policies that place clear controls on these activities. The counterparties in
these transactions are generally highly rated institutions. We establish credit limits for each counterparty. Our hedging transactions include but are not limited to a variety of derivative financial instruments. For information on interest rate
foreign exchange
 commodity price
 and equity instrument risk


potential fair value we could lose in one day from adverse changes in market interest rates
 foreign exchange rates
 commodity prices
 and equity prices under normal market conditions. A Monte Carlo value-at-risk (VAR) methodology was used to
quantify the market risk for our exposures. The models assumed normal market conditions and used a 95 percent confidence level. 
 



The VAR calculation used historical interest and foreign exchange rates
 and commodity and equity prices
from the past year to estimate the potential volatility and correlation of these rates in the future. The market data were drawn from the RiskMetrics&#153; data set. The calculations are not intended to represent actual losses in fair value that we
expect to incur. Further
 since the hedging instrument (the derivative) inversely correlates with the underlying exposure
 we would expect that any loss or gain in the fair value of our derivatives would be generally offset by an increase or
decrease in the fair value of the underlying exposure. The positions included in the calculations were: debt; investments; interest rate swaps; foreign exchange forwards; commodity swaps
 futures and options; and equity instruments. The calculations


 foreign currency
 commodity
 and equity market-risk-sensitive instruments
outstanding as of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 and May&nbsp;26
 2013
 and the average fair value impact during the year ended May&nbsp;25
 2014. 























May&nbsp;25








May&nbsp;26









































































 








 Inc. is
responsible for the fairness and accuracy of the consolidated financial statements. The statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles that are generally accepted in the United States
 using management&#146;s best estimates


 in
accordance with management&#146;s authorization. We maintain a strong audit program that independently evaluates the adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls. Our internal controls provide for appropriate separation of duties and
responsibilities
 and there are documented policies regarding use of our assets and proper financial reporting. These formally stated and regularly communicated policies demand highly ethical conduct from all employees. 
The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors meets regularly with management
 internal auditors
 and our independent registered public accounting firm
to review internal control
 auditing
 and financial reporting matters. The independent registered public accounting firm
 internal auditors
 and employees have full and free access to the Audit Committee at any time. 
The Audit Committee reviewed and approved the Company&#146;s annual financial statements. The Audit Committee recommended
 and the Board of Directors
approved
 that the consolidated financial statements be included in the Annual Report. The Audit Committee also appointed KPMG LLP to serve as the Company&#146;s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal 2015
 subject to ratification
by the stockholders at the annual meeting. 



































July&nbsp;3
 2014 
 



 

General Mills
We have audited the
accompanying consolidated balance sheets of General Mills
 Inc. and subsidiaries as of May&nbsp;25
 2014 and May&nbsp;26
 2013
 and the related consolidated statements of earnings
 comprehensive income
 total equity and redeemable interest
 and cash
flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended May&nbsp;25
 2014. In connection with our audits of the consolidated financial statements
 we have audited the accompanying financial statement schedule. We also have audited General
Mills
 Inc.&#146;s internal control over financial reporting as of May&nbsp;25
 2014
&nbsp;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (COSO). General Mills
 Inc.&#146;s management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements and financial statement schedule
 for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
 and for its
assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
 included in Management&#146;s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements
We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements
are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence supporting
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements
 assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
 and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial
reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the
assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 
A company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that
(1)&nbsp;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as
necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the company; and (3)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the company&#146;s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of General
Mills
 Inc. and subsidiaries as of May 25
 2014 and May 26
 2013
 and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended May 25
 2014
 in conformity with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles. Also in our opinion
 the accompanying financial statement schedule
 when considered in relation to the basic consolidated financial statements taken as a whole
 presents fairly
 in all material respects
 the information set
forth therein. Also in our opinion
 General Mills
 Inc. maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of May 25
 2014

(1992)
Minneapolis
July&nbsp;3
 2014

 



 
GENERAL MILLS


 Except per Share Data) 








































17
909.6



17
774.1



16
657.9










11
539.8



11
350.2



10
613.2







Selling
 general
 and administrative expenses


3
474.3



3
552.3



3
380.7


























Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs



































2
957.4



2
851.8



2
562.4







Interest
 net



































2
655.0



2
534.9



2
210.5



























































Net earnings
 including earnings attributable to redeemable and noncontrolling interests


1
861.3



1
892.5



1
589.1











































1
824.4



1
855.2



1
567.3



















































































































 



 
GENERAL MILLS







































Net earnings
 including earnings attributable to redeemable and noncontrolling interests


1
861.3



1
892.5



1
589.1







Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax:
























































































































































































Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax



































2
164.3



2
074.7















































2
069.4



2
013.6




















 



 
GENERAL MILLS


 Except Par Value) 














May&nbsp;25



May&nbsp;26




































1
483.6



1
446.4





1
559.4



1
545.5







































4
393.5



4
298.9






Land
 buildings
 and equipment


3
941.9



3
878.1





8
650.5



8
622.2





5
014.3



5
015.1





1
145.5























23
145.7



22
658.0







































1
611.3



1
423.2





1
250.6



1
443.3





1
111.7









1
449.9



1
827.7



















5
423.5



5
293.9









6
423.5



5
926.1





1
666.0



1
389.1





1
643.2



1
952.9



















15
156.2



14
562.0












































Common stock
 754.6 shares issued
 $0.10 par value












1
231.8



1
166.6





11
787.2



10
702.6


Common stock in treasury
 at cost
 shares of 142.3 and 113.8


(5
219.4



(3
687.2





(1
340.3



(1
585.3



















6
534.8



6
672.2

































7
005.4



7
128.5



















23
145.7



22
658.0












 



Consolidated Statements of Total Equity
 and Redeemable Interest 
GENERAL MILLS


 Except per Share Data) 








































































(One
Billion Shares Authorized)












































































Balance as of May&nbsp;29
 2011










$1
319.8







$(3
210.3



$&nbsp;&nbsp;9
191.3



$(1
010.8







$&nbsp;&nbsp;6
612.2





























1
567.3


































































































































































































































































































































































Balance as of May&nbsp;27
 2012










1
308.4







(3
177.0



9
958.5



(1
743.7







6
882.7





























1
855.2











2
031.9





























(1
111.1











(1
111.1

























(1
014.9















(1
044.9
























































































































































































































Balance as of May&nbsp;26
 2013










1
166.6







(3
687.2)



10
702.6



(1
585.3







7
128.5





























1
824.4











2
094.3



































































(1
775.3















(1
745.3


































































































































































































































































Balance as of May&nbsp;25
 2014










$1
231.8







$(5
219.4)



$11
787.2



$(1
340.3)







$&nbsp;&nbsp;7
005.4
















































 



 
GENERAL MILLS
















































Net earnings
 including earnings attributable to redeemable and noncontrolling interests


1
861.3



1
892.5



1
589.1














































































































































Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs













Changes in current assets and liabilities
 excluding the effects of acquisitions













Other
 net



































2
541.0



2
926.0



2
407.2



































Purchases of land
 buildings
 and equipment













Acquisitions
 net of cash acquired










(1
050.1


Investments in affiliates
 net













Proceeds from disposal of land
 buildings
 and equipment









































Other
 net







































(1
515.4



(1
870.8




















































1
673.0



1
001.1



1
390.5





(1
444.8







(1
450.1

































(1
745.3



(1
044.9
















































Other
 net



































(1
824.1



(1
140.2





































































































































Cash Flow from Changes in Current Assets and Liabilities
 excluding the effects of acquisitions:


































































































































 



 
GENERAL MILLS


Our Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of General Mills
 Inc. and all subsidiaries in which we have a controlling
financial interest. Intercompany transactions and accounts
 including any noncontrolling and redeemable interests&#146; share of those transactions




ends of all our operations
 we have changed the reporting period of certain countries within our International segment from an April fiscal year end to a May fiscal year end to match our fiscal calendar. Accordingly
 in the year of change
 our
results include 13 months of results from the affected operations compared to 12 months in previous fiscal years. We changed the reporting period for our operations in Europe and Australia in fiscal 2013
 and we changed the reporting period for our
operations in China in fiscal 2012. The impact of these changes was not material to our consolidated results of operations and
 therefore
 we did not restate prior period financial statements for comparability. Our Yoplait S.A.S.
 Yoplait Marques
S.A.S.
 Yoki Alimentos S.A. (Yoki)
Certain reclassifications to our previously
NOTE 2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING

<FONT

lower of cost
 using the last-in
 first-out (LIFO) method
 or market. Grain inventories and all related cash contracts and derivatives are valued at market with all net changes in value recorded in earnings currently. 
Inventories outside of the United States are generally valued at the lower of cost
 using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method
 or market. 
Shipping costs associated with the distribution of finished product to our customers are recorded as cost of sales
 and are recognized when the related
Land
 Buildings
 Equipment
 and Depreciation 
Land is recorded at historical cost. Buildings and equipment
 including capitalized interest and internal engineering costs
 are recorded at cost and
depreciated over estimated useful lives
 primarily using the straight-line method. Ordinary maintenance and repairs are charged to cost of sales. Buildings are usually depreciated over 40 to 50 years
 and equipment
 furniture
 and software are
usually depreciated over 3 to 10 years. Fully depreciated assets are retained in buildings and equipment until disposal. When an item is sold or retired
 the accounts are relieved of its cost and related accumulated depreciation and the resulting
gains and losses
 if any
 are recognized in earnings. As of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 assets held for sale were insignificant. 
 



Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
carrying amount of an asset (or asset group) may not be recoverable. An impairment loss would be recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows from the operation and disposition of the asset group are less than the carrying amount of the
asset group. Asset groups have identifiable cash flows and are largely independent of other asset groups. Measurement of an impairment loss would be based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset group over its fair value. Fair value is
measured using a discounted cash flow model or independent appraisals
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
Goodwill is not subject to amortization and is tested for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
that impairment may have occurred. Impairment testing is performed for each of our reporting units. We compare the carrying value of a reporting unit
 including goodwill
 to the fair value of the unit. Carrying value is based on the assets and
liabilities associated with the operations of that reporting unit
 which often requires allocation of shared or corporate items among reporting units. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 we revalue all assets and
liabilities of the reporting unit
 excluding goodwill
 to determine if the fair value of the net assets is greater than the net assets including goodwill. If the fair value of the net assets is less than the carrying amount of net assets including
goodwill
 impairment has occurred. Our estimates of fair value are determined based on a discounted cash flow model. Growth rates for sales and profits are determined using inputs from our long-range planning process. We also make estimates of
discount rates
 perpetuity growth assumptions
 market comparables
We evaluate the useful lives of our other intangible
assets
 mainly brands
 to determine if they are finite or indefinite-lived. Reaching a determination on useful life requires significant judgments and assumptions regarding the future effects of obsolescence
 demand
 competition
 other economic
factors (such as the stability of the industry
 known technological advances
 legislative action that results in an uncertain or changing regulatory environment
 and expected changes in distribution channels)
 the level of required maintenance
expenditures
 and the expected lives of other related groups of assets. Intangible assets that are deemed to have definite lives are amortized on a straight-line basis
 over their useful lives
 generally ranging from 4 to 30 years. 
Our indefinite-lived intangible assets
 mainly intangible assets primarily associated with the 
 
 

 
 
 
 brands
 are also tested for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be
recoverable. Our estimate of the fair value of the brands is based on a discounted cash flow model using inputs which included projected revenues from our long-range plan
 assumed royalty rates that could be payable if we did not own the brands
 and
Our finite-lived intangible assets
 primarily acquired franchise agreements and customer relationships
 are reviewed for
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. An impairment loss would be recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows from the operation and disposition of
the asset are less than the carrying amount of the asset. Assets generally have identifiable cash flows and are largely independent of other assets. Measurement of an impairment loss would be based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset
over its fair value. Fair value is measured using a discounted cash flow model or other similar valuation model
 as appropriate. 

Our investments in companies over which we have the ability to exercise significant influence are stated at cost plus our share of undistributed earnings
or losses. We receive royalty income from certain joint ventures
 incur various expenses (primarily research and development)
 and record the tax impact of certain joint venture operations that are structured as partnerships. In addition
 we make
advances to our joint ventures in the form of loans or capital investments. We also sell certain raw materials
 semi-finished goods
 and finished goods to the joint ventures
 generally at market prices. 
 



In addition
 we assess our investments in our joint ventures if we have reason to believe an impairment may
have occurred including
 but not limited to
 ongoing operating losses
 projected decreases in earnings
 increases in the weighted average cost of capital or significant business disruptions. The significant assumptions used to estimate fair value
include revenue growth and profitability
 royalty rates
 capital spending
 depreciation and taxes
 foreign currency exchange rates
 and a discount rate. By their nature
 these projections and assumptions are uncertain. If we were to determine the
current fair value of our investment was less than the carrying value of the investment
 then we would assess if the shortfall was of a temporary or permanent nature and write down the investment to its fair value if we concluded the impairment is


 a consolidated entity. Sodiaal International (Sodiaal) holds the remaining 49 percent interest in Yoplait S.A.S. Sodiaal has the ability to put
a limited portion of its redeemable interest to us at fair value once per year up to a maximum remaining term of 6 years. This put option requires us to classify Sodiaal&#146;s interest as a redeemable interest outside of equity on our Consolidated
Balance Sheets for as long as the put is exercisable by Sodiaal. When the put is no longer exercisable
 the redeemable interest will be reclassified to noncontrolling interests on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We adjust the value of the
redeemable interest through additional paid-in capital on our Consolidated Balance Sheets quarterly to the redeemable interest&#146;s redemption value
 which approximates its fair value. During the third quarter of fiscal 2014
 we adjusted the
redeemable interest&#146;s redemption value based on a discounted cash flow model. The significant assumptions used to estimate the redemption value include projected revenue growth and profitability from our long-range plan
 capital spending
depreciation
 taxes
 foreign currency rates
 and a discount rate. 
We recognize sales revenue when the shipment is accepted by our customer. Sales include shipping and handling charges billed to the customer and are
reported net of consumer coupon redemption
 trade promotion and other costs
 including estimated allowances for returns
 unsalable product
 and prompt pay discounts. Sales
 use
 value-added
 and other excise taxes are not recognized in revenue.
Coupons are recorded when distributed
 based on estimated redemption rates. Trade promotions are recorded based on estimated participation and performance levels for offered programs at the time of sale. We generally do not allow a right of return.
However
 on a limited case-by-case basis with prior approval
 we may allow customers to return product. In limited circumstances
 product returned in saleable condition is resold to other customers or outlets. Receivables from customers generally do
not bear interest. Terms and collection patterns vary around the world and by channel. The allowance for doubtful accounts represents our estimate of probable non-payments and credit losses in our existing receivables
 as determined based on a


operations that do not contribute to current or future revenues are expensed. Liabilities for anticipated remediation costs are recorded on an undiscounted basis when they are probable and reasonably estimable
 generally no later than the completion
of feasibility studies or our commitment to a plan of action. 


are charged against earnings in the year incurred. R&amp;D includes expenditures for new product and manufacturing process innovation
 and the annual expenditures are comprised primarily of internal salaries
 wages
 consulting
 and other supplies
attributable to time spent on R&amp;D activities. Other costs include depreciation and maintenance of research facilities
 including assets at facilities that are engaged in pilot plant activities. 
 





 the functional currency is the local currency. Assets and liabilities of these operations are translated at the period-end exchange rates. Income statement accounts
are translated using the average exchange rates prevailing during the year. Translation adjustments are reflected within accumulated other comprehensive loss (AOCI) in stockholders&#146; equity. Gains and losses from foreign currency transactions
are included in net earnings for the period
 except for gains and losses on investments in subsidiaries for which settlement is not planned for the foreseeable future and foreign exchange gains and losses on instruments designated as net investment
hedges. These gains and losses are recorded in AOCI. 
All derivatives are recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value based on quoted market prices or our estimate of their fair value
 and are
recorded in either current or noncurrent assets or liabilities based on their maturity. Changes in the fair values of derivatives are recorded in net earnings or other comprehensive income
 based on whether the instrument is designated and effective
as a hedge transaction and
 if so
 the type of hedge transaction. Gains or losses on derivative instruments reported in AOCI are reclassified to earnings in the period the hedged item affects earnings. If the underlying hedged transaction ceases to
exist


restricted stock units using the value of a share of our stock on the date of grant. We estimate the value of stock option grants using a Black-Scholes valuation model. Stock compensation is recognized straight line over the vesting period. Our
stock compensation expense is recorded in selling
 general and administrative (SG&amp;A) expenses and cost of sales in the Consolidated Statements of Earnings and allocated to each reportable segment in our segment results. 
Certain equity-based compensation plans contain provisions that accelerate vesting of awards upon retirement
 termination
 or death of eligible employees
and directors. We consider a stock-based award to be vested when the employee&#146;s retention of the award is no longer contingent on providing subsequent service. Accordingly
 the related compensation cost is recognized immediately for awards
granted to retirement-eligible individuals or over the period from the grant date to the date retirement eligibility is achieved


 thereby reducing net operating cash flows and increasing net financing cash flows. 
Defined Benefit Pension
 Other Postretirement Benefit
 and Postemployment Benefit Plans 
We sponsor several domestic and foreign defined benefit plans to provide pension
 health care
 and other welfare benefits to retired employees. Under
certain circumstances
 we also provide accruable benefits to former or inactive employees in the United States and Canada and members of our Board of Directors
 including severance and certain other benefits payable upon death. We recognize an
obligation for any of these benefits that vest or accumulate with service. Postemployment benefits that do not vest or accumulate with service (such as severance based solely on annual pay rather than years of service) are charged to expense when
We recognize the underfunded or overfunded status of a defined benefit pension plan
Use of
Preparing our Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities
 disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses
during the reporting period. These estimates include our accounting for promotional expenditures
 valuation of long-lived assets
 intangible assets
 redeemable interest
 stock-based compensation
 income taxes
 and defined benefit pension
postretirement and postemployment benefits. Actual results could differ from our estimates. 
 





 we sold certain grain elevators in our U.S. Retail segment for $121.6&nbsp;million in cash
 subject to a working capital adjustment
 and recorded a pre-tax gain
On August&nbsp;1
 2012
 we acquired Yoki
 a privately held food company headquartered in Sao Bernardo do Campo
Brazil
 for an aggregate purchase price of $939.8 million
 including $88.8 million of non-cash consideration for net debt assumed. Yoki operates in several food categories
 including snacks
 convenient meals
 basic foods
 and seasonings. We
consolidated Yoki into our Consolidated Balance Sheets and recorded goodwill of $363.0 million. Indefinite lived intangible assets acquired include brands of $253.0 million. Finite lived intangible assets acquired primarily include customer
NOTE 4. RESTRUCTURING
 IMPAIRMENT
 AND OTHER
We view our restructuring activities as actions that help us meet our long-term growth targets. Activities we undertake must
meet internal rate of return and net present value targets. Each restructuring action normally takes one to two years to complete. At completion (or as each major stage is completed in the case of multi-year programs)
 the project begins to deliver
cash savings and/or reduced depreciation. These activities result in various restructuring costs
 including asset write-offs
 exit charges including severance
 contract termination fees
 and decommissioning and other costs. Depreciation associated
with restructured assets
 as used in the context of our disclosures regarding restructuring activity
 refers to the increase in depreciation expense caused by shortening the useful life or updating the salvage value of depreciable fixed assets to


 we recorded restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs pursuant to approved plans as follows: 








Expense
 in Millions





















In fiscal 2014
 the restructuring charge related to a productivity and cost savings plan approved in the fourth quarter
of fiscal 2012. These restructuring actions were completed in fiscal 2014. In fiscal 2014


 we recorded restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs pursuant to approved plans as follows: 








Expense
 in Millions





















In fiscal 2013
 the restructuring charge was primarily related to a productivity and cost savings plan approved in the
fourth quarter of fiscal 2012
 consisting of $10.6 million of employee severance expense and other exit costs of $8.0 million. In fiscal 2013
 we paid $79.9 million in cash related to restructuring actions. 
In fiscal 2012
 we recorded restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs pursuant to approved plans as follows: 









Expense
 in Millions




























 



In fiscal 2012
 we recorded a $100.6 million restructuring charge related to a productivity and cost savings
plan approved in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012. The plan was designed to improve organizational effectiveness and focus on key growth strategies
 and included organizational changes to strengthen business alignment and actions to accelerate
administrative efficiencies across all of our operating segments and support functions. In connection with this initiative
 we eliminated approximately 850 positions globally. The restructuring charge consisted of $87.6 million of employee severance
expense and a non-cash charge of $13.0 million related to the write-off of certain long-lived assets in our U.S. Retail segment. All of our operating segments and support functions were affected by these actions including $69.9 million related to
our U.S. Retail segment
 $12.2 million related to our Convenience Stores and Foodservice segment
 $9.5 million related to our International segment
 and $9.0 million related to our administrative functions. In fiscal 2012
 we paid $3.8 million in
The roll forward of our restructuring and other exit cost
reserves
 included in other current liabilities
 is as follows: 




































Reserve balance as of May&nbsp;29
 2011

















2012 charges
 including foreign currency translation



































Reserve balance as of May&nbsp;27
 2012

















2013 charges
 including foreign currency translation



































Reserve balance as of May&nbsp;26
 2013

















2014 charges
 including foreign currency translation



































Reserve balance as of May&nbsp;25
 2014


































The charges recognized in the roll forward of our reserves for restructuring and other exit costs do not include items
charged directly to expense (e.g.
 asset impairment charges
 the gain or loss on the sale of restructured assets
 and the write-off of spare parts) and other periodic exit costs recognized as incurred
 as those items are not reflected in our
restructuring and other exit cost reserves on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
We have a 50 percent equity interest in Cereal Partners Worldwide (CPW)
 which manufactures and markets ready-to-eat cereal products in more than 130
countries outside the United States and Canada. CPW also markets cereal bars in several European countries and manufactures private label cereals for customers in the United Kingdom. We have guaranteed a portion of CPW&#146;s debt and its pension
We also have a 50 percent equity interest in H&auml;agen-Dazs Japan
 Inc. (HDJ). This joint venture
Results from our CPW and HDJ joint ventures are
reported for the 12 months ended March&nbsp;31. 
 



 















May&nbsp;25



May&nbsp;26






















































































































































































2
107.9



2
132.2



2
152.6



















2
494.8



2
552.7



2
581.5



















1
030.3



1
057.3



1
084.1


























































May&nbsp;25



May&nbsp;26






1
031.1









1
129.8



1
088.2





1
779.0



1
717.4






















 



 















May&nbsp;25



May&nbsp;26






8
650.5



8
622.2

























4
504.1



4
499.5












Franchise agreements
 customer relationships


































5
014.3



5
015.1





13
664.8



13
637.3











Based on the carrying value of finite-lived intangible assets as of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 amortization expense for each of
The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for fiscal 2012
2013
 and 2014 are as follows: 









































Balance as of May&nbsp;29
 2011


$5
142.9















$6
750.8





















1
616.7


Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation





















Balance as of May&nbsp;27
 2012


5
813.2















8
182.5
























Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation





















Balance as of May&nbsp;26
 2013


5
841.4



1
387.0











8
622.2
























Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation





















Balance as of May&nbsp;25
 2014


$5
829.2



$1
402.0











$8
650.5























We performed our fiscal 2014 impairment assessment as of November&nbsp;25
 2013
 and determined there was no impairment
of goodwill for any of our reporting units as their related fair values were substantially in excess of their carrying values. Our Europe and Yoplait U.S. reporting units have experienced declining business performance. While these reporting units
had significant coverage as of the assessment date
 we will continue to monitor these businesses. 
 



The changes in the carrying amount of other intangible assets for fiscal 2012
 2013
 and 2014 are as
follows: 


































Balance as of May&nbsp;29
 2011


$3
242.5











3
813.3









1
050.3







1
108.5


Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation

















Balance as of May&nbsp;27
 2012


3
297.0



1
344.1







4
704.9




















Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation

















Balance as of May&nbsp;26
 2013


3
312.4



1
638.2







5
015.1


Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation

















Balance as of May&nbsp;25
 2014


$3
307.5



$1
641.8







5
014.3



















We performed our fiscal 2014 impairment assessment as of November&nbsp;25
 2013. As of our assessment date
 there was no
impairment of any of our indefinite-lived intangible assets as their related fair values were substantially in excess of the carrying values
 brand
 which had a fair value 8 percent greater than its carrying
value of $63.0 million. In addition
 our 
NOTE 7. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
 RISK MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES
 AND FAIR VALUES 
 
The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents
 receivables
 accounts payable
 other current liabilities
 and notes payable approximate fair value.
Marketable securities are carried at fair value. As of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 and May&nbsp;26
 2013
 a comparison of cost and market values of our marketable debt and equity securities is as follows: 




































































































































































































































































Earnings include no realized gains or losses from sales of available-for-sale marketable securities. Gains and losses are
determined by specific identification. Classification of marketable securities as current or noncurrent is dependent upon our intended holding period
 the security&#146;s maturity date
 or both. The aggregate unrealized gains and losses on
available-for-sale securities
 net of tax effects
 are classified in AOCI within stockholders&#146; equity. 
 



 






















































































Marketable securities with a market value of $2.3 million as of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 were pledged as collateral for
derivative contracts. As of May&nbsp;25
 2014


 including the current portion
 were $8
188.6 million and $7
674.1 million
 respectively
 as of May&nbsp;25
 2014. The fair value of long-term debt
was estimated using market quotations and discounted cash flows based on our current incremental borrowing rates for similar types of instruments. Long-term debt is a Level 2 liability in the fair value hierarchy. 
As a part
of our ongoing operations
 we are exposed to market risks such as changes in interest and foreign currency exchange rates and commodity and equity prices. To manage these risks
 we may enter into various derivative transactions (e.g.
 futures
options
 and swaps) pursuant to our established policies. 
Many commodities we use in the production and distribution of our products are exposed to market price risks. We utilize derivatives to manage price risk
for our principal ingredients and energy costs
 including grains (oats
 wheat
 and corn)
 oils (principally soybean)
 dairy products
 natural gas
 and diesel fuel. Our primary objective when entering into these derivative contracts is to achieve
certainty with regard to the future price of commodities purchased for use in our supply chain. We manage our exposures through a combination of purchase orders
 long-term contracts with suppliers
 exchange-traded futures and options
 and
over-the-counter options and swaps. We offset our exposures based on current and projected market conditions and generally seek to acquire the inputs at as close to our planned cost as possible. 
We use derivatives to manage our exposure to changes in commodity prices. We do not perform the assessments required to achieve hedge accounting for
commodity derivative positions. Accordingly


 we nonetheless believe that these instruments are effective in achieving our objective of providing certainty in the future price of
commodities purchased for use in our supply chain. Accordingly
 for purposes of measuring segment operating performance these gains and losses are reported in unallocated corporate items outside of segment operating results until such time that the
exposure we are managing affects earnings. At that time we reclassify the gain or loss from unallocated corporate items to segment operating profit
 allowing our operating segments to realize the economic effects of the derivative without
experiencing any resulting mark-to-market volatility
 which remains in unallocated corporate items. 
 



Unallocated corporate items for fiscal 2014
 2013 and 2012 included: 






































































































As of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 the net notional value of commodity derivatives was $304.9 million
 of which $124.1 million


issuances of fixed-rate debt
 and existing and future issuances of floating-rate debt. Primary exposures include U.S. Treasury rates
 LIBOR
 Euribor
 and commercial paper rates in the United States and Europe. We use interest rate swaps
forward-starting interest rate swaps
 and treasury locks to hedge our exposure to interest rate changes
 to reduce the volatility of our financing costs
 and to achieve a desired proportion of fixed versus floating-rate debt
 based on current and
projected market conditions. Generally under these swaps
 we agree with a counterparty to exchange the difference between fixed-rate and floating-rate interest amounts based on an agreed upon notional principal amount. 
Floating Interest Rate Exposures &#151; Floating-to-fixed interest rate swaps are accounted for as cash flow hedges
 as are all hedges of forecasted
issuances of debt. Effectiveness is assessed based on either the perfectly effective hypothetical derivative method or changes in the present value of interest payments on the underlying debt. Effective gains and losses deferred to AOCI are
reclassified into earnings over the life of the associated debt. Ineffective gains and losses are recorded as net interest. The amount of hedge ineffectiveness was less than $1 million in each of fiscal 2014
 2013
 and 2012. 
Fixed Interest Rate Exposures &#151; Fixed-to-floating interest rate swaps are accounted for as fair value hedges with effectiveness assessed based on
changes in the fair value of the underlying debt and derivatives
 using incremental borrowing rates currently available on loans with similar terms and maturities. Ineffective gains and losses on these derivatives and the underlying hedged items are
recorded as net interest. The amount of hedge ineffectiveness was less than $1 million in each of fiscal 2014
 2013
In advance of
planned debt financing
 we entered into $250.0 million of treasury locks with an average fixed rate of 1.99 percent. All of these treasury locks were cash settled for $17.9 million during the third quarter of fiscal 2014
 coincident with the
During the third quarter of fiscal 2013
 we entered into swaps to convert $250.0
million of 0.875 percent fixed-rate notes due January&nbsp;29
 2016
 to floating rates. 
 



As of May 25
 2014
 the pre-tax amount of cash-settled interest rate hedge gain or loss remaining in AOCI
which will be reclassified to earnings over the remaining term of the related underlying debt follows: 













5.2% notes due March&nbsp;17
 2015





5.7% notes due February&nbsp;15
 2017





5.65% notes due February&nbsp;15
 2019





3.15% notes due December&nbsp;15
 2021





3.65% notes due February&nbsp;15
 2024





5.4% notes due June&nbsp;15
 2040





4.15% notes due February&nbsp;15
 2043
















The following table summarizes the notional amounts and weighted-average interest rates of our interest rate derivatives.
Average floating rates are based on rates as of the end of the reporting period. 














May&nbsp;25



May&nbsp;26





















































 



The following tables reconcile the net fair values of assets and liabilities subject to offsetting
arrangements that are recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets to the net fair values that could be reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets: 






















































May&nbsp;25
 2014





















Offset in
the














Offset in
the











Offset























































































































































































































































































































































































































May&nbsp;26
 2013





















Offset in
the














Offset in
the











Offset
































































































































































































































































































































































 





 intercompany loans
 product shipments
 and
foreign-denominated commercial paper. We are also exposed to the translation of foreign currency earnings to the U.S. dollar. Our principal exposures are to the Australian dollar
 Brazilian real
 British pound sterling
 Canadian dollar
 Chinese
renminbi
 euro
 Japanese yen
 Mexican peso
 and Swiss franc. We mainly use foreign currency forward contracts to selectively hedge our foreign currency cash flow exposures. We also generally swap our foreign-denominated commercial paper borrowings
and nonfunctional currency intercompany loans back to U.S. dollars or the functional currency of the entity with foreign exchange exposure; the gains or losses on these derivatives offset the foreign currency revaluation gains or losses recorded in
As of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 the net notional value
of foreign exchange derivatives was $1
222.9 million. The amount of hedge ineffectiveness was less than $1 million in each of fiscal 2014
 2013


exchange forward contracts. During the second quarter of fiscal 2014
 we entered into a net investment hedge for a portion of our net investment in foreign operations denominated in euros by issuing &#128;500.0&nbsp;million of euro-denominated
bonds. As of May&nbsp;25
 2014


 we remeasure the value of the assets and liabilities of our Venezuelan subsidiary based on the exchange rate at which we expect to remit dividends
in U.S. dollars. In February 2013
 the Venezuelan government devalued the bolivar by resetting the official exchange rate. The effect of the devaluation in fiscal 2013 was a $25.2&nbsp;million foreign exchange loss in segment operating profit
resulting from the remeasurement of assets and liabilities of our Venezuelan subsidiary. On February&nbsp;19
 2014
 the Venezuelan government established a new foreign exchange market mechanism (&#147;SICAD 2&#148;) and has indicated that this will
be the market through which U.S. dollars will be obtained for the remittance of dividends. This market has significantly higher foreign exchange rates than those available through the other foreign exchange mechanisms.&nbsp;In the fourth quarter of
fiscal 2014
 we recorded a $62.2 million foreign exchange loss in the International segment operating profit resulting from the remeasurement of assets and liabilities of our Venezuelan subsidiary at the SICAD 2 rate of 50.0 bolivars per U.S.
dollar.&nbsp;We have been able to access U.S. dollars through the SICAD 2 market. Our Venezuela operations represent less than 1 percent of our consolidated assets
 liabilities
 net sales
 and segment operating profit.&nbsp;At May&nbsp;25
 2014
 we
had $2.6 million of non-U.S. dollar cash balances in Venezuela. 
Equity price movements affect our compensation expense as certain investments made by our employees in our deferred compensation plan are revalued. We
use equity swaps to manage this risk. As of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 the net notional amount of our equity swaps was $104.4 million. These swap contracts mature in fiscal 2015. 
 



 
The fair values of our assets
 liabilities
 and derivative positions recorded at fair value and their respective levels in the fair value hierarchy as of
May&nbsp;25
 2014 and May&nbsp;26
 2013
 were as follows: 






































May&nbsp;25
 2014


May&nbsp;25
 2014
















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Total assets
 liabilities
 and derivative






































































These contracts and investments are recorded as prepaid expenses and other current assets
 other assets
 other current liabilities or other liabilities
 as appropriate
based on whether in a gain or loss position. Certain marketable investments are recorded as cash and cash equivalents. 







These contracts are recorded as prepaid expenses and other current assets or as other current liabilities
 as appropriate
 based on whether in a gain or loss position.













 









































May&nbsp;26
 2013


May&nbsp;26
 2013






























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Total assets
 liabilities
 and derivative






































































These contracts and investments are recorded as prepaid expenses and other current assets
 other assets
 other current liabilities or other liabilities
 as appropriate
based on whether in a gain or loss position. Certain marketable investments are recorded as cash and cash equivalents. 







These contracts are recorded as prepaid expenses and other current assets or as other current liabilities
 as appropriate
 based on whether in a gain or loss position.














 



Information related to our cash flow hedges
 fair value hedges
 and other derivatives not designated as
hedging instruments for the fiscal years ended May 25
 2014
 and May 26
 2013
 follows: 















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Gain (loss) reclassified from AOCI into earnings is reported in interest
 net for interest rate swaps and in cost of sales and SG&amp;A expenses for foreign exchange
contracts. 



Gain (loss) recognized in earnings is related to the ineffective portion of the hedging relationship
 including SG&amp;A expenses for foreign exchange contracts and
interest
 net for interest rate contracts. No amounts were reported as a result of being excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness. 



Gain (loss) recognized in earnings is reported in interest
 net for interest rate contracts
 in cost of sales for commodity contracts
 and in SG&amp;A expenses for
equity contracts and foreign exchange contracts. 
As of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 the after-tax amounts of unrealized gains and losses in AOCI related to hedge derivatives follows: 





































The net amount of pre-tax gains and losses in AOCI as of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 that we expect to be reclassified into net
earnings within the next 12 months is $7.4 million of loss. 
Certain of our derivative instruments contain provisions that require us to maintain an investment grade credit rating on our debt from each of the major
credit rating agencies. If our debt were to fall below investment grade
 the counterparties to the derivative instruments could request full collateralization on derivative instruments in net liability positions. The aggregate fair value of all
derivative instruments with credit-risk-related contingent features that were in a liability position on May&nbsp;25
 2014
 was $9.0 million. We have posted no collateral under these contracts. If the credit-risk-related contingent features
underlying these agreements had been triggered on May&nbsp;25
 2014
 we would have been required to post $9.0 million of collateral to counterparties. 
 



 
During fiscal 2014
 Wal-Mart Stores
 Inc. and its affiliates (Wal-Mart) accounted for 21 percent of our consolidated net sales and 30 percent of our net
sales in the U.S. Retail segment. No other customer accounted for 10 percent or more of our consolidated net sales. Wal-Mart also represented 7 percent of our net sales in the International segment and 7 percent of our net sales in the Convenience
Stores and Foodservice segment. As of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 Wal-Mart accounted for 31 percent of our U.S. Retail receivables
 5 percent of our International receivables
 and 9 percent of our Convenience Stores and Foodservice receivables. The five
largest customers in our U.S. Retail segment accounted for 53 percent of its fiscal 2014 net sales
 the five largest customers in our International segment accounted for 25 percent of its fiscal 2014 net sales
 and the five largest customers in our
We enter into interest rate
 foreign
exchange
 and certain commodity and equity derivatives
 primarily with a diversified group of highly rated counterparties. We continually monitor our positions and the credit ratings of the counterparties involved and
 by policy
 limit the amount of
credit exposure to any one party. These transactions may expose us to potential losses due to the risk of nonperformance by these counterparties; however
 we have not incurred a material loss. We also enter into commodity futures transactions
The amount of loss due to the credit risk of the counterparties
 should the counterparties fail to
perform according to the terms of the contracts
 is $5.9 million against which we do not hold collateral. Under the terms of our swap agreements
 some of our transactions require collateral or other security to support financial instruments subject
to threshold levels of exposure and counterparty credit risk. Collateral assets are either cash or U.S. Treasury instruments and are held in a trust account that we may access if the counterparty defaults. 
We offer certain suppliers access to a third party service that allows them to view our scheduled payments online. The third party service also allows
suppliers to finance advances on our scheduled payments at the sole discretion of the supplier and the third party. We have no economic interest in these financing arrangements and no direct relationship with the suppliers
 the third party
 or any
financial institutions concerning this service. All of our accounts payable remain as obligations to our suppliers as stated in our supplier agreements. As of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 $285.5 million of our total accounts payable is payable to suppliers


interest rates at the end of the periods were as follows: 






















May&nbsp;25
 2014


May&nbsp;26
 2013

























$1
007.6



































$1
111.7































To ensure availability of funds
 we maintain bank credit lines sufficient to cover our outstanding short-term borrowings.
Commercial paper is a continuing source of short-term financing. We have commercial paper programs available to us in the United States and Europe. We also have uncommitted and asset-backed credit lines that support our foreign operations.

 



The following table details the fee-paid committed and uncommitted credit lines we had available as of May
25
 2014: 


















































































In May 2014
 we entered into a $1.0 billion fee-paid committed credit facility that is scheduled to expire in May 2019.
Concurrent with the execution of this credit facility


 including a requirement to maintain a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 2.5 times. We were in compliance with all credit facility covenants as of
May&nbsp;25




 we issued $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.65 percent fixed-rate notes due February&nbsp;15
 2024 and $250.0 million aggregate principal amount of floating-rate notes due
January&nbsp;28
 2016. Interest on the fixed-rate notes is payable semi-annually in arrears. The fixed-rate notes may be redeemed in whole
 or in part
 at our option at any time prior to November&nbsp;15
 2023 for a specified make whole amount and
any time on or after that date at par. The floating-rate notes bear interest equal to three-month LIBOR plus 20 basis points
 subject to quarterly reset. Interest on the floating-rate notes is payable quarterly in arrears. The floating-rate notes
are not redeemable prior to maturity. The fixed-rate and floating-rate notes are senior unsecured obligations that include a change of control repurchase provision. The net proceeds were used for general corporate purposes and to reduce our
In November 2013
 we issued &#128;500.0&nbsp;million aggregate principal amount of 2.1 percent fixed-rate notes
due November&nbsp;16
 2020. Interest on the notes is payable annually in arrears. The notes may be redeemed in whole
 or in part
 at our option at any time prior to August&nbsp;16
 2020 for a specified make whole amount and any time on or after that
date at par. These notes are senior unsecured obligations that include a change of control repurchase provision. The net proceeds were used for general corporate purposes and to reduce our commercial paper borrowings. 
In January 2013
 we issued $250.0 million aggregate principal amount of floating-rate notes due January&nbsp;29
 2016. In October 2013
 we issued an
additional $250.0 million aggregate principal amount of these notes. The notes bear interest equal to three-month LIBOR plus 30 basis points
 subject to quarterly reset. Interest on the notes is payable quarterly in arrears. The notes are not
redeemable prior to maturity. These notes are senior unsecured obligations that include a change of control repurchase provision. The net proceeds were used to reduce our commercial paper borrowings. 
In August 2013
 we repaid $700.0 million of 5.25 percent notes. 
 



In January 2013
 we issued $750.0 million aggregate principal amount of fixed-rate notes. The issuance
consisted of $250.0 million 0.875 percent notes due January&nbsp;29
 2016 and $500.0 million 4.15 percent notes due February&nbsp;15
 2043. Interest on the fixed-rate notes is payable semi-annually in arrears. The fixed-rate notes due
January&nbsp;29
 2016 may be redeemed in whole
 or in part
 at our option at any time for a specified make whole amount. The fixed-rate notes due February&nbsp;15
 2043 may be redeemed in whole
 or in part
 at our option at any time prior to
August&nbsp;15
 2042 for a specified make whole amount and any time on or after that date at par. These notes are senior unsecured obligations that include a change of control repurchase provision. The net proceeds were used to reduce our commercial
In September&nbsp;2012
 we repaid $520.8 million of 5.65 percent notes. 
Certain of our long-term debt agreements contain restrictive covenants. As of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 we were in compliance with all of these covenants.
As of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 the $64.8 million pre-tax loss recorded in AOCI associated with our previously designated interest rate swaps will
be reclassified to net interest over the remaining lives of the hedged transactions. The amount expected to be reclassified from AOCI to net interest in fiscal 2015 is a $10.6 million pre-tax loss. 















May&nbsp;25




May&nbsp;26




5.65% notes due February&nbsp;15
 2019


1
150.0



1
150.0


5.7% notes due February&nbsp;15
 2017


1
000.0



1
000.0


3.15% notes due December&nbsp;15
 2021


1
000.0



1
000.0


5.2% notes due March&nbsp;17
 2015









5.25% notes due August&nbsp;15
 2013









2.1% notes due November&nbsp;16
 2020









5.4% notes due June&nbsp;15
 2040









4.15% notes due February&nbsp;15
 2043









3.65% notes due February&nbsp;15
 2024









Floating-rate notes due January&nbsp;29
 2016









Floating-rate notes due May&nbsp;16
 2014









Euribor-based floating-rate note due December&nbsp;15
 2014









1.55% notes due May&nbsp;16
 2014









0.875% notes due January&nbsp;29
 2016









Floating-rate notes due January&nbsp;28
 2016









Medium-term notes
 0.02% to 6.4%
 due fiscal 2015 or later









Other
 including capital leases












7
674.1



7
369.4





(1
250.6



(1
443.3





6
423.5



5
926.1











Principal payments due on long-term debt in the next five years based on stated contractual maturities
 our intent to
redeem
 or put rights of certain note holders are $1
250.6 million in fiscal 2015
 $1
000.6 million in fiscal 2016
 $1
000.0 million in fiscal 2017
 $100.0 million in fiscal 2018
 and $1
150.0 million in fiscal 2019. 
 



 
Our principal redeemable and noncontrolling interests relate to our Yoplait S.A.S.
 Yoplait Marques S.A.S.
 Libert&eacute; Marques
 S.a.r.l.
 and General
Mills Cereals
 LLC (GMC) subsidiaries. In addition
 we have seven foreign subsidiaries that have noncontrolling interests totaling $5.8 million as of May&nbsp;25


fiscal 2012
 we recorded the $904.4 million fair value of Sodiaal&#146;s 49 percent euro-denominated interest in Yoplait S.A.S. as a redeemable interest on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Sodiaal has the ability to put a limited portion of its
redeemable interest to us at fair value once per year up to a maximum remaining term of 6 years. We adjust the value of the redeemable interest through additional paid-in capital on our Consolidated Balance Sheets quarterly to the redeemable
interest&#146;s redemption value
 which approximates its fair value. Yoplait S.A.S. pays dividends annually if it meets certain financial metrics set forth in its shareholders agreement. As of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 the redemption value of the
In addition
 a subsidiary of Yoplait S.A.S. has entered into an exclusive milk
supply agreement for its European operations with Sodiaal at market-determined prices through July&nbsp;1
 2021. Net purchases totaled $311.2 million for fiscal 2014 and $263.5 million for fiscal 2013. 
On the acquisition date in fiscal 2012
 we recorded the $263.8 million fair value of Sodiaal&#146;s 50 percent euro-denominated interest in Yoplait
 and related trademarks. Yoplait
During the third quarter of fiscal 2014
 we
formed Libert&eacute; Marques
 S.a.r.l. and sold a 50 percent euro-denominated interest in the entity to Sodiaal in exchange for $17.6 million. We recorded Sodiaal&#146;s 50 percent interest in the entity as a noncontrolling interest on our
Consolidated Balance Sheets. Libert&eacute; Marques
 and related trademarks. Libert&eacute; Marques
 S.a.r.l.
During fiscal 2014
 we paid $71.9 million of dividends to
During the first quarter of fiscal 2013
 in
conjunction with the consent of the Class&nbsp;A investor
 we restructured GMC through the distribution of its manufacturing assets
 stock
 inventory
 cash
 and certain intellectual property to a wholly owned subsidiary.&nbsp;GMC retained the
remaining intellectual property.&nbsp;Immediately following the restructuring
 the Class&nbsp;A Interests of GMC were sold by the then current holder to another unrelated third-party investor. 
The holder of the GMC Class&nbsp;A Interests receives quarterly preferred distributions from available net income based on the application of a floating
preferred return rate
 currently equal to the sum of three-month LIBOR plus 110 basis points
 to the holder&#146;s capital account balance established in the most recent mark-to-market valuation (currently $251.5 million).&nbsp;The preferred return
For
financial reporting purposes
 the assets
 liabilities
 results of operations
 and cash flows of our non-wholly owned subsidiaries are included in our Consolidated Financial Statements. The third-party investor&#146;s share of the net earnings of


 2014
 we were in compliance with all of these covenants. 
 





 without par value


 2010
 our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 100&nbsp;million shares of our common stock. The Board terminated this authorization on May&nbsp;6
 2014
 and authorized
the repurchase of up to 100&nbsp;million shares of our common stock. Purchases under the authorization can be made in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions
 including the use of call options and other derivative instruments
 Rule
10b5-1 trading plans
During fiscal 2014
 we
repurchased 35.6&nbsp;million shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $1
774.4 million. During fiscal 2013
 we repurchased 24.2&nbsp;million shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $1
014.9 million. During fiscal
2012
During the fourth quarter of
fiscal 2013
 we entered into an Accelerated Share Repurchase (ASR) agreement with an unrelated third party financial institution to repurchase an aggregate of $300.0 million of our outstanding common stock. Under the ASR agreement
 we paid $300.0
million to the financial institution and received 5.5&nbsp;million shares of common stock with a fair value of $270.0 million during the fourth quarter of 2013. We received an additional 0.6&nbsp;million shares of common stock upon completion of the
ASR agreement during the first quarter of fiscal 2014. As of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 we recorded this transaction as an increase in treasury stock of $270.0 million
 and recorded the remaining $30.0 million as a decrease to additional paid-in capital on
our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Upon completion of the ASR agreement in the first quarter of fiscal 2014
 we reclassified the $30.0 million to treasury stock from additional paid-in capital on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 


























































Net earnings
 including earnings attributable to redeemable and noncontrolling
interests










1
824.4

















































































































































































































































2
069.4



































Gain reclassified from AOCI into earnings is reported in interest
 net for interest rate swaps and in cost of sales and SG&amp;A expenses for foreign exchange
contracts. 




 




























































Net earnings
 including earnings attributable to redeemable and noncontrolling
interests










1
855.2

















































































































































































































































2
013.6



































Loss reclassified from AOCI into earnings is reported in interest
 net for interest rate swaps and in cost of sales and SG&amp;A expenses for foreign exchange
contracts. 






























































Net earnings
 including earnings attributable to redeemable and noncontrolling
interests










1
567.3



















































































































































































































(1
016.6

































































Loss reclassified from AOCI into earnings is reported in interest
 net for interest rate swaps and in cost of sales and SG&amp;A expenses for foreign exchange
contracts. 




 



In fiscal 2014
 2013
 and 2012
 except for reclassifications to earnings
 changes in other comprehensive
Accumulated other comprehensive loss balances
 net of tax effects
 were as follows: 















May&nbsp;25



May&nbsp;26











































Pension
 other postretirement
 and postemployment benefits:












(1
469.2



(1
801.5















(1
340.3



(1
585.3













 2014
 a total of 30.8&nbsp;million shares were available for
grant in the form of stock options
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 and shares of unrestricted stock under the 2011 Stock Compensation Plan (2011 Plan) and the 2011 Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors. The 2011 Plan also provides
for the issuance of cash-settled share-based units
 stock appreciation rights
 and performance awards. Stock-based awards now outstanding include some granted under the 2001
 2003
 2005
 2006
 2007
 and 2009 stock plans and the Executive Incentive
Plan
 under which no further awards may be granted. The stock plans provide for accelerated vesting of awards upon retirement
 termination


assumptions used for the Black-Scholes option-pricing model were as follows: 

































































































































The valuation of stock options is a significant accounting estimate that requires us to use judgments and assumptions
that are likely to have a material impact on our financial statements. Annually
 we make predictive assumptions regarding future stock price volatility
 employee exercise behavior
 dividend yield
 and the forfeiture rate. 
We estimate the fair value of each option on the grant date using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model
 which requires us to make predictive assumptions
regarding future stock price volatility
 employee exercise behavior
 and dividend yield. We estimate our future stock price volatility using the historical volatility over the expected term of the option
 excluding time periods of volatility we
believe a marketplace participant would exclude in estimating our stock price volatility. We also have considered
 but did not use
 implied volatility in our estimate
 because trading activity in options on our stock
 especially those with tenors of
greater than 6 months
 is insufficient to provide a reliable measure of expected volatility. 
 



Our expected term represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding based on
historical data to estimate option exercises and employee terminations within the valuation model. Separate groups of employees have similar historical exercise behavior and therefore were aggregated into a single pool for valuation purposes. The
weighted-average expected term for all employee groups is presented in the table above. The risk-free interest rate for periods during the expected term of the options is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve in effect at the time of
Any corporate income tax benefit realized upon exercise or vesting of an award in excess of that previously recognized in earnings
Realized windfall
tax benefits are credited to additional paid-in capital within the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Realized shortfall tax benefits (amounts which are less than that previously recognized in earnings) are first offset against the cumulative balance of
windfall tax benefits
 if any
 and then charged directly to income tax expense
 potentially resulting in volatility in our consolidated effective income tax rate. We calculated a cumulative memo balance of windfall tax benefits for the purpose of
Options may be priced at 100 percent or more of the fair market value on the date of grant
 and
generally vest four years after the date of grant. Options generally expire within 10 years and one month after the date of grant. 





































Balance as of May&nbsp;29
 2011


39
221.7







67
547.3

















4
069.0

















(10
279.3
























Balance as of May&nbsp;27
 2012


39
564.9







60
942.7

















3
407.7

















(16
534.6
























Balance as of May&nbsp;26
 2013


29
290.3







47
672.1

















2
789.8

















(6
181.3
























Balance as of May&nbsp;25
 2014


29
452.8







44
169.0





Stock-based compensation expense related to stock option awards was $18.2 million in fiscal 2014
 $17.5 million in fiscal
2013
Net cash proceeds from the exercise of stock options less shares used for minimum withholding taxes
and the intrinsic value of options exercised were as follows: 










































































 



Restricted Stock
 Restricted Stock Units
 and Cash-Settled Share-Based Units 
Stock and units settled in stock subject to a restricted period and a purchase price
 if any (as determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board of
Directors)
 may be granted to key employees under the 2011 Plan. Restricted stock and restricted stock units generally vest and become unrestricted four years after the date of grant. Participants are entitled to dividends on such awarded shares and
units
 but only receive those amounts if the shares or units vest. The sale or transfer of these shares and units is restricted during the vesting period. Participants holding restricted stock
 but not restricted stock units
 are entitled to vote on
Information on restricted stock unit and cash-settled share-based units activity
follows: 




























































Non-vested as of May&nbsp;26
 2013


8
042.2















2
287.8









2
069.8

























(2
004.8















(1
445.5






Forfeited
 expired
 or reclassified

























Non-vested as of May&nbsp;25
 2014


7
893.7



















































































2
144.1



2
404.9



2
785.7





























The total grant-date fair value of restricted stock unit awards that vested during fiscal 2014 was $104.6 million
 and
As of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested stock options and
restricted stock units was $117.2 million. This expense will be recognized over 17 months
Stock-based compensation expense
related to restricted stock units and cash-settled share-based payment awards was $107.0 million for fiscal 2014
 $128.9 million for fiscal 2013
 and $124.3 million for fiscal 2012. 
 


























In Millions
 Except per Share Data













1
824.4



1
855.2



1
567.3


























































Restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 and other






















































































Incremental shares from stock options and restricted stock units are computed by the treasury stock method. Stock options and restricted stock units excluded from our
computation of diluted EPS because they were not dilutive were as follows: 





























































employees in the United States
 Canada
 France
 and the United Kingdom. Benefits for salaried employees are based on length of service and final average compensation. Benefits for hourly employees include various monthly amounts for each year of
credited service. Our funding policy is consistent with the requirements of applicable laws. We made no voluntary contributions to our principal U.S. plans in fiscal 2014 and made a $200.0 million voluntary contribution in each of fiscal 2013 and
fiscal 2012. We do not expect to be required to make any contributions in fiscal 2015. Our principal domestic retirement plan covering salaried employees has a provision that any excess pension assets would be allocated to active participants if the
plan is terminated within five years of a change in control. In fiscal 2012
 we announced changes to our U.S. defined benefit pension plans. All new salaried employees hired on or after June&nbsp;1
 2013 are eligible for a new retirement program


to the majority of our retirees in the United States
 Canada
 and Brazil. The United States salaried health care benefit plan is contributory
 with retiree contributions based on years of service. We make decisions to fund related trusts for certain
employees and retirees on an annual basis. We made $24.0 million in voluntary contributions to these plans in fiscal 2014. We did not make voluntary contributions to these plans in fiscal 2013. 
 








































































We review our health care cost trend rates annually. Our review is based on data we collect about our health care claims
experience and information provided by our actuaries. This information includes recent plan experience
 plan design
 overall industry experience and projections
 and assumptions used by other similar organizations. Our initial health care cost trend
rate is adjusted as necessary to remain consistent with this review
 recent experiences
 and short-term expectations. Our initial health care cost trend rate assumption is 7.3 percent for retirees age 65 and over and 6.5 percent for retirees under
age 65 at the end of fiscal 2014. Rates are graded down annually until the ultimate trend rate of 5.0 percent is reached in 2025 for all retirees. The trend rates are applicable for calculations only if the retirees&#146; benefits increase as a
result of health care inflation. The ultimate trend rate is adjusted annually
 as necessary
 to approximate the current economic view on the rate of long-term inflation plus an appropriate health care cost premium. Assumed trend rates for health
A one percentage point change in the
health care cost trend rate would have the following effects: 




































Effect on the other postretirement accumulated benefit obligation as of May&nbsp;25
 2014


















The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act
 as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010
(collectively
 the Act) was signed into law in March 2010. The Act codifies health care reforms with staggered effective dates from 2010 to 2018. Estimates of the future impacts of several of the Act&#146;s provisions are incorporated into our


 we also provide accruable benefits to former or inactive employees in the United States
 Canada
 and Mexico
 and members of our Board of Directors
 including severance and
certain other benefits payable upon death. We recognize an obligation for any of these benefits that vest or accumulate with service. Postemployment benefits that do not vest or accumulate with service (such as severance based solely on annual pay
We use our fiscal year end
as the measurement date for our defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans. 
 



Summarized financial information about defined benefit pension
 other postretirement benefit
 and
postemployment benefit plans is presented below: 






























Pension
Plans






Benefit
Plans






























































5
066.1



4
353.9


































































































































































5
611.8



5
066.1


























































5
381.4



4
991.5



1
148.2



1
129.0

















































































































































































































































































5
618.0



5
381.4



1
074.8



1
148.2





























































The accumulated benefit obligation for all defined benefit pension plans was $5
093.1 million as of May&nbsp;25
 2014
and $4
888.8 million as of May&nbsp;26
Amounts recognized in AOCI as of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 and May&nbsp;26
 2013
 are as follows:







































Pension
Plans


Benefit
Plans


Benefit
Plans
















































(1
389.2



(1
625.1



















(1
469.2



(1
801.5







































(1
415.3



(1
643.6



















(1
495.7



(1
809.3




































 



 































Pension
Plans


Benefit
Plans


Benefit
Plans






































































1
070.0



1
132.9









































































































Pension
Plans





Benefit
Plans









































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































Pension
Plans


Benefit
Plans


Benefit
Plans















































































































 



Weighted-average assumptions used to determine fiscal year net periodic benefit expense are as follows:











































Pension
Plans


Benefit
Plans


Benefit
Plans



































































































































































































 other postretirement benefit
 and postemployment benefit plan obligations. We
also use the same discount rates to determine defined benefit pension
 other postretirement benefit
 and postemployment benefit plan income and expense for the following fiscal year. We work with our outside actuaries to determine the timing and
amount of expected future cash outflows to plan participants and
 using the Aa Above Median corporate bond yield
 to develop a forward interest rate curve
 including a margin to that index based on our credit risk. This forward interest rate curve
is applied to our expected future cash outflows to determine our discount rate assumptions. 
 





 2014 and May&nbsp;26
 2013
 by asset category were as
follows: 






































May&nbsp;25
 2014


May&nbsp;26
 2013



































































1
305.4











2
667.5



1
439.4











2
827.0









1
347.7







1
934.0















1
277.6











































































































2
170.5



2
269.9



1
171.4



5
611.8



2
216.8



1
859.3







5
066.1























































































































































































































































































































Primarily publicly traded common stock and private equity partnerships for purposes of total return and to maintain equity exposure consistent with policy allocations.
Investments include: United States and international equity securities
 mutual funds
 and equity futures valued at closing prices from national exchanges; and commingled funds
 privately held securities
 and private equity partnerships valued at
unit values or net asset values provided by the investment managers
 which are based on the fair value of the underlying investments. Various methods are used to determine fair values and may include the cost of the investment
 most recent
financing
 and expected cash flows. For some of these investments
 realization of the estimated fair value is dependent upon transactions between willing sellers and buyers. 



Primarily government and corporate debt securities for purposes of total return and managing fixed income exposure to policy allocations. Investments include: fixed
income securities and bond futures generally valued at closing prices from national exchanges
 fixed income pricing models
 and independent financial analysts; and fixed income commingled funds valued at unit values provided by the investment
managers
 which are based on the fair value of the underlying investments. 



Publicly traded common stock and limited partnerships in the energy and real estate sectors for purposes of total return. Investments include: energy and real estate
securities generally valued at closing prices from national exchanges; and commingled funds
 private securities
 and limited partnerships valued at unit values or net asset values provided by the investment managers
 which are generally based on the
fair value of the underlying investments. 



Global balanced fund of equity
 fixed income
 and real estate securities for purposes of meeting Canadian pension plan asset allocation policies
 and insurance and
annuity contracts to provide a stable stream of income for retirees and to fund postretirement medical benefits. Fair values are derived from unit values provided by the investment managers
 which are generally based on the fair value of the
underlying investments and contract fair values from the providers. 
 



The following table is a roll forward of the Level 3 investments of our pension and postretirement benefit
plans&#146; assets during the years ended May&nbsp;25
 2014 and May&nbsp;26
 2013: 































May&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2013





Net&nbsp;Purchases
&nbsp;Sales
Issuances








May&nbsp;25
&nbsp;2014













































































































$1
171.4






































































































































































May&nbsp;27
&nbsp;2012






Net&nbsp;Purchases
&nbsp;Sales
Issuances









May&nbsp;26
&nbsp;2013



















































































































































































































































The net change in level 3 assets attributable to unrealized gains at May&nbsp;25
 2014
 was $85.3 million for our pension
plan assets
 and $2.6 million for our postretirement benefit plan assets. 
 





 our historical long-term investment performance
 our estimate of future long-term returns by asset class (using input from
our actuaries
 investment services
 and investment managers)
 and long-term inflation assumptions. We review this assumption annually for each plan
 however
 our annual investment performance for one particular year does not
 by itself
Weighted-average asset allocations for the past two fiscal years for our defined benefit pension and
other postretirement benefit plans are as follows: 






















Pension
Plans


Benefit
Plans






























































































































































The investment objective for our defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans is to secure the benefit
obligations to participants at a reasonable cost to us. Our goal is to optimize the long-term return on plan assets at a moderate level of risk. The defined benefit pension plan and other postretirement benefit plan portfolios are broadly
diversified across asset classes. Within asset classes
 the portfolios are further diversified across investment styles and investment organizations. For the defined benefit pension plans
 the long-term investment policy allocation is: 25 percent to
equities in the United States; 15 percent to international equities; 10 percent to private equities; 35 percent to fixed income; and 15 percent to real assets (real estate
 energy
 and timber). For other postretirement benefit plans
 the long-term
investment policy allocations are: 30 percent to equities in the United States; 20 percent to international equities; 10 percent to private equities; 30 percent to fixed income; and 10 percent to real assets (real estate
 energy
 and timber). The
actual allocations to these asset classes may vary tactically around the long-term policy allocations based on relative market valuations. 

We do not expect to be required to make contributions to our defined benefit pension
 other postretirement benefit
 and postemployment benefit plans in
fiscal 2015. Actual fiscal 2015 contributions could exceed our current projections
 as influenced by our decision to undertake discretionary funding of our benefit trusts and future changes in regulatory requirements. Estimated benefit payments
which reflect expected future service
 as appropriate
 are expected to be paid from fiscal 2015 to 2024 as follows: 









































































































































1
596.6

















 





 hourly
 nonunion
 and certain union employees. This plan is a 401(k) savings plan that includes a number of
investment funds
 including a Company stock fund and an Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP). We sponsor another money purchase plan for certain domestic hourly employees with net assets of $20.6 million as of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 and $19.4 million as
of May&nbsp;26
 2013. We also sponsor defined contribution plans in many of our foreign locations. Our total recognized expense related to defined contribution plans was $44.8 million in fiscal 2014
 $46.0 million in fiscal 2013
 and $41.8 million
We match a percentage of employee contributions to the General Mills Savings Plan. The Company match is directed to
investment options of the participant&#146;s choosing. The number of shares of our common stock allocated to participants in the ESOP was 8.4&nbsp;million as of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 and 9.1&nbsp;million as of May&nbsp;26
 2013. The ESOP&#146;s only
The Company stock fund and the ESOP held $708.2 million and $691.9 million of
Company common stock as of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 and May&nbsp;26
 2013. 
The components of earnings before income taxes and after-tax earnings from joint ventures and the corresponding income taxes thereon are as follows:





















































2
181.4



2
051.2



1
816.5






















2
655.0



2
534.9



2
210.5




























































































































































































 



The following table reconciles the United States statutory income tax rate with our effective income tax
rate: 

















































State and local income taxes
 net of federal tax benefits





































































Other
 net








































The tax effects of temporary differences that give rise to deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows:















May&nbsp;25



May&nbsp;26
























































Stock
 partnership
 and miscellaneous investments













































1
360.9



1
649.8


















1
139.3



1
417.0








1
373.4



1
380.4




















































Stock
 partnership
 and miscellaneous investments



































2
731.2



2
678.1








1
591.9



1
261.1




We have established a valuation allowance against certain of the categories of deferred tax assets described above as
current evidence does not suggest we will realize sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character (e.g.
 ordinary income versus capital gain income) within the carryforward period to allow us to realize these deferred tax benefits.
Of the total valuation allowance of $221.6 million
 $161.2 million relates to a deferred tax asset for losses recorded as part of the
Pillsbury acquisition and $57.2 million relates to various state and foreign loss carryforwards. We have approximately $74 million of U.S. foreign tax credit carryforwards for which no valuation allowance has been recorded. As of May&nbsp;25
 2014
we believe it is more-likely-than-not that the remainder of our deferred tax assets are realizable. 
 



The carryforward periods on our foreign loss carryforwards are as follows:&nbsp;$42.4 million do not expire;
We have not recognized a deferred tax
liability for unremitted earnings of approximately $2.8 billion from our foreign operations because our subsidiaries have invested or will invest the undistributed earnings indefinitely
 or the earnings will be remitted in a tax-neutral transaction.
It is not practicable for us to determine the amount of unrecognized deferred tax liabilities on these indefinitely reinvested earnings. Deferred taxes are recorded for earnings of our foreign operations when we determine that such earnings are no
In fiscal 2010
 we recorded a non-cash income tax charge and decrease to our deferred tax assets of $35.0
million related to a reduction of the tax deductibility of retiree health cost to the extent of any Medicare Part D subsidy received beginning in fiscal 2013 under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act
 as amended by the Health Care and
Education Reconciliation Act of 2010. During fiscal 2013
 we took certain actions to restore part of the tax benefits associated with Medicare Part D subsidies and recorded a $33.7 million discrete decrease to income tax expense and an increase to
During the first quarter of fiscal 2013
 in conjunction with the consent of the Class&nbsp;A investor
 we
restructured GMC through the distribution of its manufacturing assets
 stock
 inventory
 cash
 and certain intellectual property to a wholly owned subsidiary. GMC retained the remaining intellectual property. Immediately following this
restructuring
 the Class&nbsp;A Interests were sold by the then current holder to another unrelated third party investor. As a result of these transactions
 we recorded a $63.3 million decrease to deferred income tax liabilities related to the tax
basis of the investment in GMC and certain distributed assets
 with a corresponding discrete non-cash reduction to income taxes in fiscal 2013. 
We are subject to federal income taxes in the United States as well as various state
 local
 and foreign jurisdictions. A number of years may elapse
before an uncertain tax position is audited and finally resolved. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular uncertain tax position
 we believe that our liabilities for income taxes reflect
the most likely outcome. We adjust these liabilities
 as well as the related interest
 in light of changing facts and circumstances. Settlement of any particular position would usually require the use of cash. 
The number of years with open tax audits varies depending on the tax jurisdiction. Our major taxing jurisdictions include the United States (federal and
state) and Canada. Various tax examinations by United States state taxing authorities could be conducted for any open tax year
 which vary by jurisdiction
 but are generally from 3 to 5 years. 
The Internal Revenue Service (IRS) is currently auditing our federal tax returns for the fiscal 2011 and 2012 tax years. Several state examinations are
During fiscal 2013
 the IRS concluded its field examination of our 2009 and 2010 tax years and proposed adjustments related
to the timing for deducting accrued bonus expenses. The audit closure and related proposed adjustments did not have a material impact on our results of operations or financial position. The accrued bonus issue is currently under review by the IRS
Appeals Division. We expect to make a one-time cash payment of approximately $6 million to settle this issue in fiscal 2015. As of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 we have effectively settled all issues with the IRS for fiscal years 2008 and prior. 
During fiscal 2014
 the Canadian Revenue Agency (CRA) completed its review of our Canadian income tax returns for fiscal years 2009 through 2011.
Assessments related to a prior CRA audit for fiscal years 2004 and 2005 were resolved by the U.S. and Canadian competent authority divisions during fiscal 2014. As of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 all issues associated with fiscal years 2004 and 2005 and 2009
We apply a
more-likely-than-not threshold to the recognition and derecognition of uncertain tax positions. Accordingly
 we recognize the amount of tax benefit that has a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being ultimately realized upon settlement. Future
changes in judgment related to the expected ultimate resolution of uncertain tax positions will affect earnings in the quarter of such change. 
 



The following table sets forth changes in our total gross unrecognized tax benefit liabilities
 excluding
accrued interest
 for fiscal 2014. Approximately $87 million of this total represents the amount that
 if recognized
 would affect our effective income tax rate in future periods. This amount differs from the gross unrecognized tax benefits
presented in the table because certain of the liabilities below would impact deferred taxes if recognized. We also would record a decrease in U.S. federal income taxes upon recognition of the state tax benefits included therein. 





























Balance
 beginning of year















































































Balance
 end of year


















As of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 we expect to pay approximately $20 million of unrecognized tax benefit liabilities and accrued
interest within the next 12 months. We are not able to reasonably estimate the timing of future cash flows beyond 12 months due to uncertainties in the timing of tax audit outcomes. The remaining amount of our unrecognized tax liability was
We report accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefit liabilities in income tax
expense. For fiscal 2014
 we recognized a net benefit of $4.6 million of tax-related net interest and penalties
 and had $42.0 million of accrued interest and penalties as of May&nbsp;25
 2014. For fiscal 2013
 we recognized a net benefit of $3.0
million of tax-related net interest and penalties
 and had $53.1 million of accrued interest and penalties as of May&nbsp;26
NOTE
15. LEASES
 OTHER COMMITMENTS
An analysis of rent expense by type of property for operating leases follows:

































































































Some operating leases require payment of property taxes
 insurance
 and maintenance costs in addition to the rent
payments. Contingent and escalation rent in excess of minimum rent payments and sublease income netted in rent expense were insignificant. 
 



 






































































































































These future lease commitments will be partially offset by estimated future sublease receipts of approximately $6.0
As of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 we have
issued guarantees and comfort letters of $340.6 million for the debt and other obligations of consolidated subsidiaries
 and guarantees and comfort letters of $283.8 million for the debt and other obligations of non-consolidated affiliates
 mainly
CPW. In addition
 off-balance sheet arrangements are generally limited to the future payments under non-cancelable operating leases
 which totaled $388.5 million as of May&nbsp;25


industry. We have three operating segments by type of customer and geographic region as follows: U.S. Retail
 59.2 percent of our fiscal 2014 consolidated net sales; International
 30.1 percent of our fiscal 2014 consolidated net sales; and
Convenience Stores and Foodservice
Our U.S. Retail segment reflects business with a
wide variety of grocery stores
 mass merchandisers
 membership stores
 natural food chains
 and drug
 dollar and discount chains operating throughout the United States. Our product categories in this business segment include ready-to-eat cereals
refrigerated yogurt
 soup
 meal kits
 shelf stable and frozen vegetables
 refrigerated and frozen dough products
 dessert and baking mixes
 frozen pizza and pizza snacks
 grain
 fruit and savory snacks
 and a wide variety of organic products
including granola bars
 cereal
Our International segment consists of retail and foodservice businesses outside of the United
States. Our product categories include ready-to-eat cereals
 shelf stable and frozen vegetables
 meal kits
 refrigerated and frozen dough products
 dessert and baking mixes
 frozen pizza snacks
 refrigerated yogurt
 grain and fruit snacks
 and
super-premium ice cream and frozen desserts. We also sell super-premium ice cream and frozen desserts directly to consumers through owned retail shops. Our International segment also includes products manufactured in the United States for export
mainly to Caribbean and Latin American markets
 as well as products we manufacture for sale to our international joint ventures. Revenues from export activities and franchise fees are reported in the region or country where the end customer is
In the first quarter of fiscal 2014
 we changed the name of our Bakeries and Foodservice operating segment to Convenience Stores and
Foodservice. The businesses in this segment were unchanged. Our major product categories are ready-to-eat cereals
 snacks
 refrigerated yogurt
 unbaked and fully baked frozen dough products
 baking mixes
 and flour. Many products we sell are branded
to the consumer and nearly all are branded to our customers. We sell to distributors and operators in many customer channels including foodservice
 convenience stores
 vending
 and supermarket bakeries. Substantially all of this segment&#146;s
operations are located in the United States. 
 



Operating profit for these segments excludes unallocated corporate items and restructuring
 impairment
 and
other exit costs. Unallocated corporate items include corporate overhead expenses
 variances to planned domestic employee benefits and incentives
 contributions to the General Mills Foundation
 and other items that are not part of our measurement of
segment operating performance. These include gains and losses arising from the revaluation of certain grain inventories and gains and losses from mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions until passed back to our operating segments.
These items affecting operating profit are centrally managed at the corporate level and are excluded from the measure of segment profitability reviewed by executive management. Under our supply chain organization
 our manufacturing
 warehouse
 and
distribution activities are substantially integrated across our operations in order to maximize efficiency and productivity. As a result
 fixed assets and depreciation and amortization expenses are neither maintained nor available by operating
segment. 

















































10
604.9



10
614.9



10
480.2





5
385.9



5
200.2



4
194.3





1
918.8



1
959.0



1
983.4





17
909.6



17
774.1



16
657.9



















2
311.5



2
392.9



2
295.3

































3
091.7



3
197.7



3
011.6






























Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs
















2
957.4



2
851.8



2
562.4





































































3
232.5



3
024.0



2
649.6





2
964.7



2
908.4



2
595.7





2
860.1



2
889.2



2
935.2





2
844.2



2
802.9



2
611.8





1
996.4



1
999.5



1
902.9





1
890.2



1
944.7



1
925.5





1
014.7



1
089.5



1
082.5

































17
909.6



17
774.1



16
657.9
















 



 


















































12
523.0



12
573.1



12
462.1





5
386.6



5
201.0



4
195.8





17
909.6



17
774.1



16
657.9





























May&nbsp;25



May&nbsp;26


































































May&nbsp;25



May&nbsp;26



Land
 buildings
 and equipment:












2
756.6



2
752.7





1
185.3



1
125.4





3
941.9



3
878.1



























May&nbsp;25



May&nbsp;26
















1
504.6



1
466.3















1
483.6



1
446.4


























May&nbsp;25



May&nbsp;26


























1
260.2



1
228.7

























1
559.4



1
545.5















Inventories of $904.2 million as of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 and $897.8 million as of May&nbsp;26
 2013
 were valued at LIFO. 
 

















May&nbsp;25



May&nbsp;26

































Derivative receivables
 primarily commodity-related































































May&nbsp;25



May&nbsp;26



Land
 buildings
 and equipment:






















2
228.4



2
168.3















5
979.7



5
731.1
































Total land
 buildings
 and equipment


9
393.1



8
932.9





(5
451.2



(5
054.8





3
941.9



3
878.1


























May&nbsp;25



May&nbsp;26


































































1
145.5






























May&nbsp;25



May&nbsp;26





















































Accrued interest
 including interest rate swaps




















































1
449.9



1
827.7












 

















May&nbsp;25



May&nbsp;26













Accrued compensation and benefits
 including obligations for underfunded other postretirement benefit and postemployment benefit
plans


1
341.9



1
560.2

























1
643.2



1
952.9









































































Advertising and media expense (including production and communication
costs)


























The components of interest
 net are as follows: 






















Expense (Income)
 in Millions




















































Interest
 net






































































































 









































In Millions
























































4
372.7



4
051.0



4
875.7



4
881.8



4
377.4



4
430.6



4
283.8



4
410.7















1
613.0



1
628.3



1
761.7



1
742.3



1
512.7



1
522.7



1
482.4



1
530.6



















































































































































































































































































































During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2014
 we sold certain grain elevators in our U.S. Retail segment and recorded a
pre-tax gain of $65.5 million and recorded a $10.0 million insurance receivable for a fraud-related asset loss incurred in the second quarter of fiscal 2014. 
 





payable
 long-term debt including current portion
 redeemable interest
 noncontrolling interests
 and stockholders&#146; equity excluding AOCI
 and certain after-tax earnings adjustments are used to calculate return on average total capital. The


information
 current period results for entities reporting in currencies other than United States dollars are translated into United States dollars at the average exchange rates in effect during the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year
rather than the actual average exchange rates in effect during the current fiscal year. Therefore
 the foreign currency impact is equal to current year results in local currencies multiplied by the change in the average foreign currency exchange
Accounts
receivable plus inventories less accounts payable
Depreciation associated with restructured
assets. 
 but only if impairment is
Financial instruments such as futures
 swaps
 options
 and forward contracts that we use to manage our risk
arising from changes in commodity prices
 interest rates
 foreign exchange rates
European Interbank
For purposes of fair value measurement
 we categorize assets and liabilities into one of three
levels based on the assumptions (inputs) used in valuing the asset or liability. Level 1 provides the most reliable measure of fair value
 while Level 3 generally requires significant management judgment. The three levels are defined as follows:











Observable inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1
 such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets or quoted prices for identical
assets or liabilities in inactive markets. 





The sum of earnings before income taxes and fixed charges (before tax)
 divided by the sum of the fixed charges
Guidelines
 procedures
 and practices that we are required
The difference between the purchase


 



Accounting for qualifying hedges that allows changes in a hedging instrument&#146;s
fair value to offset corresponding changes in the hedged item in the same reporting period. Hedge accounting is permitted for certain hedging instruments and hedged items only if the hedging relationship is highly effective
 and only prospectively
Notes payable
 long-term debt
 including
current portion
 cash and cash equivalents


value for financial instruments
 commodity contracts
 and related assets or liabilities based on the current market price for that item. 
Realized and unrealized gains and losses on derivative contracts that will be
The impact of list and
promoted price changes
Our consolidated results for fiscal 2014 include
one additional quarter of operating activity from the acquisitions of Yoki Alimentos S.A. in Brazil (second quarter of fiscal 2013) and the assumption of the Canadian Yoplait franchise license (second quarter of 2013). Our consolidated results for
2014 also include three additional quarters of operating activity from the acquisition of Immaculate Baking Company in the United States (third quarter of fiscal 2013).&nbsp;Our consolidated results for fiscal 2013 include operating activity from
the acquisitions of Yoki Alimentos
 Yoplait Ireland (first quarter of fiscal 2013)
 Food Should Taste Good in the United States (fourth quarter of fiscal 2012)
 Parampara Foods in India (first quarter of fiscal 2013)
 Immaculate Baking Company
 and
the assumption of the Canadian Yoplait franchise license.&nbsp;Also included in the first quarter of fiscal 2013 are two additional months of results from the acquisition of Yoplait S.A.S. (first quarter of fiscal 2012).&nbsp;Collectively
 these
items are referred to as &#147;new businesses&#148; in comparing our fiscal 2014 results to fiscal 2013 and fiscal 2013 results to fiscal 2012. 

<FONT

cash provided by operating activities
 divided by the sum of notes payable and long-term debt
Redeemable


Net earnings attributable to General Mills
 excluding after-tax net interest
 and adjusted for certain items
affecting year-over-year comparability
Segment operating profit
Costs incurred to produce and deliver product
 including costs for
ingredients and conversion
 inventory management
 logistics
Notes payable and long-term debt
 including
current portion. 
 



The impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements of foreign exchange
The impact of the conversion of our foreign affiliates&#146;
A
legal structure that is used for business purposes that either (1)&nbsp;does not have equity investors that have voting rights and share in all the entity&#146;s profits and losses or (2)&nbsp;has equity investors that do not provide sufficient
Current assets and current liabilities
 all as of the
last day of our fiscal year. 








We
 under the
supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 have evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule
13a-15(e) under the 1934 Act). Based on that evaluation
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that
 as of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the 1934 Act is (1)&nbsp;recorded
 processed
 summarized
 and reported within the time periods specified in applicable rules and forms
 and (2)&nbsp;accumulated and communicated to our
management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer


 2014
 that have materially affected
or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting. 
 



 
The management of General Mills
 Inc. is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 as such term is
defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the 1934 Act. The Company&#146;s internal control system was designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and the Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial
statements. Under the supervision and with the participation of management
 including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
 we conducted an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of
May&nbsp;25
 2014. In making this assessment
 management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in 

 management concluded that our
internal control over financial reporting was effective as of May&nbsp;25
KPMG LLP
 our independent registered public accounting firm
has issued a report on the effectiveness of the Company&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 
























July&nbsp;3


Firm&#148; in Item&nbsp;8 of this report. 








Directors


&#148; &#147;Director Nominations
&#148; and &#147;Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance&#148; contained in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. 


 including the members of the Audit Committee and audit committee financial experts
 set forth in the section entitled &#147;Board Committees and Their
Functions&#148; contained in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. 
We have adopted a Code of Conduct applicable to all employees
 including our principal executive officer
 principal financial officer
 and principal
We intend to post on our website any amendments to our Code of Conduct and any waivers from our Code of Conduct for principal officers.




The information
contained in the sections entitled &#147;Executive Compensation
&#148; &#147;Director Compensation
&#148; and &#147;Compensation Risk Assessment&#148; in our definitive Proxy Statement for our 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated
herein by reference. 
100








The information contained in the section entitled &#147;Ownership of General Mills Common Stock by Directors
 Officers and Certain Beneficial
EQUITY
The following table provides certain information as of May&nbsp;25
 2014 with respect to our equity
compensation plans: 


















be
Outstanding Options




Options
&nbsp;Warrants
Rights



Compensation
Plans





54
135
227







30
759
224





178
073













54
313
300







30
759
224























Includes 44
169
039 stock options
 7
892
072 restricted stock units
 and 2
074
116 restricted stock units that have vested and been deferred. 




Includes 178
073 restricted stock units that have vested and been deferred. These awards include stock options granted to a broad group of employees in fiscal 2003 and
2004
 and grants in lieu of salary increases and certain other compensation and benefits. We granted these awards under our 1998 Employee Stock Plan
 which provided for the issuance of stock options
 restricted stock and restricted stock units to
attract and retain employees and to align their interests with those of stockholders. We discontinued the 1998 Employee Stock Plan in September 2003
 and no future awards may be granted under that plan. 




Includes stock options
 restricted stock
 restricted stock units
 shares of unrestricted stock
 stock appreciation rights
 and performance awards that we may award
under our 2011 Stock Compensation Plan
 which had 29
621
268 shares available for grant at May&nbsp;25
 2014. Also includes stock options and restricted stock units that we may award under our 2011 Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors
 which
had 1
137
956 shares available for grant at fiscal year end. 



Certain Relationships and Related Transactions


Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. 




The information contained in the section entitled &#147;Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees&#148; in our definitive Proxy Statement for
our 2014 Annual Meeting of Stockholders is incorporated herein by reference. 
101




 




Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules 





Consolidated Statements of Earnings for the fiscal years ended May&nbsp;25
 2014
&nbsp;May&nbsp;26
 2013
 and May&nbsp;27
 2012.
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended May&nbsp;25
 2014
&nbsp;May&nbsp;26
 2013
 and
May&nbsp;27
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 and May&nbsp;26
 2013. 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended May&nbsp;25
 2014
&nbsp;May&nbsp;26
 2013
 and May&nbsp;27
 2012.
Consolidated Statements of Total Equity and Redeemable Interest for the fiscal years ended May&nbsp;25
2014
&nbsp;May&nbsp;26
 2013
 and May&nbsp;27
 2012. 







 2014
&nbsp;May&nbsp;26
 2013
 and May&nbsp;27


















Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
May 31
 2009).






By-laws of the Registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form&nbsp;8-K filed June 30
 2014).






Indenture
 dated as of February 1
 1996
 between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association (f/k/a First Trust of Illinois
 National Association) (incorporated herein by
reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Registrant&#146;s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed February 6
 1996 (File no. 333-00745)).






First Supplemental Indenture
 dated as of May 18
 2009
 between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to
Registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31
 2009).






2001 Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended
August 29
 2010).






2003 Stock Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended August 29
2010).
102















2005 Stock Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended August&nbsp;29
2010).






2006 Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended
August 29
 2010).






2007 Stock Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended August 29
2010).






2009 Stock Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended August 29
2010).






2011 Stock Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended November 27
2011).






2011 Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended
November 27
 2011).






Executive Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended August 29
2010).






Executive Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended November 28
2010).













Supplemental Savings Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form&nbsp;10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended February 22
2009).






Supplemental Retirement Plan (Grandfathered) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended
February 22
 2009).






2005 Supplemental Retirement Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended February 22
2009).






Deferred Compensation Plan (Grandfathered) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended
February 22
 2009).






2005 Deferred Compensation Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended February 22
2009).






Executive Survivor Income Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form&nbsp;10-K for the fiscal year ended May 29
2005).






Aircraft Time Sharing Agreement
 dated December 12
 2007
 between General Mills Sales
 Inc. and Kendall J. Powell (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 14
 2007).






Supplemental Benefits Trust Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended November 27
2011).






Supplemental Benefits Trust Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended November 27
2011).






Agreements
 dated November 29
 1989
 by and between the Registrant and Nestle S.A. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to Registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended May 28
 2000).






Protocol and Addendum No. 1 to Protocol of Cereal Partners Worldwide
 dated November 21
 1989
 between the Registrant and Nestle S.A. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit
 for the fiscal year ended May 27
 2001).
103















Addendum No. 2 to the Protocol of Cereal Partners Worldwide
 dated March&nbsp;16
 1993
 between the Registrant and Nestle S.A. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to
Registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May&nbsp;30
 2004).






Addendum No. 3 to the Protocol of Cereal Partners Worldwide
 effective as of March 15
 1993
 between the Registrant and Nestle S.A. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2
to Registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 28
 2000).




&nbsp;
+

Addenda Nos. 4 and 5 to the Protocol of Cereal Partners Worldwide between the Registrant and Nestle S.A. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to Registrant&#146;s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 31
 2009).






Addendum No. 10 to the Protocol of Cereal Partners Worldwide
 dated January 1
 2010
 among the Registrant
 Nestle S.A. and CPW S.A. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1
to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended February 28
 2010).




&nbsp;
+

Addendum No. 11 to the Protocol of Cereal Partners Worldwide
 dated July 17
 2012
 among the Registrant
 Nestle S.A.
 and CPW S.A. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1
to Registrant&#146;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended August 26
 2012).






Five-Year Credit Agreement
 dated as of April 16
 2012
 among the Registrant
 the several financial institutions from time to time party to the agreement
 and JPMorgan Chase Bank
N.A.
 as Administrative Agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 20
 2012).






Amendment No. 1 to Five-Year Credit Agreement
 dated as of May 18
 2012
 among the Registrant
 the several financial institutions from time to time party to the agreement
 and
JPMorgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 as Administrative Agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to Registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 27
 2012).






Five-Year Credit Agreement
 dated as of May 23
 2014
 among the Registrant
 the several financial institutions from time to time party to the agreement
 and JPMorgan Chase Bank
N.A.
 as Administrative Agent (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Registrant&#146;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 30
 2014).























































The following materials from the Registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 25
 2014 formatted in eXtensible Business Reporting Language: (i) the
Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Earnings; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Total Equity and Redeemable Interest; (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash
Flows; (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements; and (vii) Schedule II &#150; Valuation of Qualifying Accounts.








Confidential


 copies of certain instruments defining the rights of holders of our long-term debt are not filed and
 in lieu thereof
 we agree to furnish copies to
the SEC upon request. 
104






 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
 thereunto duly
authorized. 














GENERAL MILLS
 INC.






Dated: July 3
 2014





















Title:&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Executive Vice President



105




Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by
the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 





















Chairman of the Board
 Chief Executive Officer


July&nbsp;3
 2014











July&nbsp;3
 2014








Vice President
 Controller


July&nbsp;3
 2014










July&nbsp;3
 2014










July&nbsp;3
 2014










June&nbsp;24
 2014










July&nbsp;3
 2014










July&nbsp;3
 2014










July&nbsp;3
 2014










July&nbsp;3
 2014










July&nbsp;3
 2014










June&nbsp;24
 2014










July&nbsp;3
 2014










July&nbsp;3
 2014










July&nbsp;3
 2014





Henrietta H.
Fore*








Elected to the Board Directors on June&nbsp;24
 2014 
106




General Mills



































































































































































Adjustments due to acquisition
 translation of amounts
 and other





























































Additions charged to expense
 including translation amounts













































































































107




 








































































The following materials from the Registrant&#146;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended May 25
 2014 formatted in eXtensible Business Reporting Language: (i) the
Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Earnings; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Earnings; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Total Equity and Redeemable Interest; (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash
Flows; (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements; and (vii) Schedule II &#150; Valuation of Qualifying Accounts.

108














 

This
&#148;) of General Mills
&#148;). The provisions of the Program
 as amended from time to time
 reflect a comprehensive
review undertaken by the Company of its severance policies and programs
&#148;) of the Program&#146;s adoption by the Company&#146;s Board of
The provisions of the Program are set forth in two independent component plans. Plan A of the
&#148;) formalizes the Company&#146;s existing severance practices
&#148;) sets forth certain provisions that will apply in respect of terminations of employment of certain
The Program serves as the umbrella document governing severance policies of
the Company. However
 each of Part A and Part B
 as subplans of the Program
 constitute independent employee benefit plans and shall be treated for purposes of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974
 as amended
&#148;)
The Program supersedes any severance plans
 policies and/or practices in effect on the
Effective Date at the Company and its Affiliates with respect to Participants (as defined in Plan A) and Change of Control Participants (as defined in Plan B). 

 2014. 


 

This Plan A is intended to formalize the Company&#146;s separation pay and benefits policy. The purpose of this Plan A is to provide
transitional pay and benefits for a limited period of time to certain terminated employees. The Company reserves the right to amend or terminate this Plan A by action of the Committee in accordance with the amendment and termination provisions set
forth below. 
As used in
this Plan A
 the following words and phrases shall have the following respective meanings (unless the context clearly indicates otherwise): 

. An Affiliate of the Company shall mean any company controlled by
 controlling
 or under common control with
 the Company.
. With respect to a Participant
 the annual base salary in effect immediately prior to such
. The average of the applicable Participant&#146;s annual bonuses
paid or payable under the Incentive Plan (including amounts earned but deferred)
 for each of the last three full fiscal years (or such lesser number of years for which such Participant was employed by the Company) prior to the year during which
occurs the Participant&#146;s Date of Termination. In the event the Participant was not employed by the Company for the whole of any such fiscal year and not paid a full year&#146;s bonus
 said bonus amount shall be annualized. Any Participant who
. With respect to any
Participant
 any definition of &#147;Cause&#148; set forth in an employment
 severance
 or similar agreement between such Participant and the Company (or an Affiliate thereof)
 or
 if no such definition exists
 the occurrence of any of the
(a) the Participant&#146;s conviction of
 with respect to
 a felony; 


 or negligent performance of
 one&#146;s employment duties; 


 misappropriation
 breach of fiduciary duty
 fraud
 or embezzlement of the Participant with regard to the Company
(f) the violation by the Participant of any employment rules
 policies (including the Company&#146;s Code of Conduct)
(g) any intentional or gross misconduct of the Participant that injures the business
or reputation of the Company and its Affiliates. 
. The Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended from time to time. 



 
. A job offering (i)&nbsp;no reduction in base salary of more than 10%
 (ii)&nbsp;no reduction in the annual cash
compensation opportunity (i.e.
 base salary plus target bonus) of more than 10% (iii)&nbsp;no material adverse reduction in duties and responsibilities
 and (iv)&nbsp;no requirement of relocation to a job location more than 50 miles from the
. The applicable Participant&#146;s last day of active
employment (or last day of Leave of Absence)
. The Company&#146;s Executive
Incentive Plan
 or other formal incentive bonus plans maintained by the Company
 an Affiliate
 or another entity in which the Company has a significant equity interest
 or any such predecessor or successor plan. 
. Interest on the applicable delayed payment equal to the &#147;prime rate&#148; (as reported in the Wall Street Journal on
the Date of Termination) plus 1%
 which interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed from and including the Date of Termination through
 but excluding
 the date of payment. 
. Any absence from work authorized by the Company or an Affiliate thereof
 whether paid or unpaid
 including but
not limited to
 absences because of bereavement
 extended care of a family member
 personal emergencies
 sick time
 disability (short-term or long-term)
 education
 vacation
 sabbatical
 worker&#146;s compensation
 jury duty and active military
service. The duration of the applicable Leave of Absence
 including the date when the Participant is required to return to his or her active duties
 shall be determined in the Company&#146;s sole discretion
 subject to applicable legal requirements.
. With respect to any Participant
 such Participant&#146;s &#147;Multiple&#148; shall be the number so designated on
. Any employee of the
Company and its Affiliates at the level of Vice President or above who are designated by the Company as Officers
 and any other employees of the Company and its Affiliates designated as Participants on Appendix A of this Plan A. 

. The amounts and benefits payable or required to be provided in accordance with Section&nbsp;4.3 of this Plan
A. 
3.1
. A Participant shall cease to be a Participant in this Plan A if such Participant ceases to be employed by the Company and its Affiliates under circumstances not entitling such Participant to Separation Benefits or if such
No Termination
of Participation Following Termination Entitling Participant to Benefits Under Plan
 a Participant who is entitled
 as a result of a cessation of employment while a Participant
 to receive
benefits under this Plan A
 shall remain a Participant in this Plan A (and shall not be subject to a reduction of such Participant&#146;s Multiple) until the amounts and benefits payable under this Plan A have been paid or provided to such
. The following provisions apply to Participants whose primary
(a) The intent of the Plan is to cover all Company
employees who come within the definition of Participant whether or not their primary place of employment is in the United States. For purposes of clarification
 Non-U.S. Participants must be officers of the Company
 as solely determined in the
discretion of the Company on its corporate books
(b) The Company&#146;s
intent is to provide Non-U.S. Participants the same levels and amounts of benefits as other Participants
 but not more than other Participants would be entitled to under the Plan. It is acknowledged that certain Non-U.S. Participants may be covered
by laws outside the U.S.
 including national
 provincial
 and/or local laws
 governing the employment 



relationship between said Participants and the Company. It is further acknowledged that Non-U.S. Participants may have individual or collective employment agreements that contain applicable
employment separation provisions. However
 in no case shall the Company pay any amounts
 or provide any benefits
 which are related in any manner to a Participant&#146;s separation of employment from the Company
 greater than the amounts or in
addition to the benefits or coverages
(c) Any amounts due to a Non-U.S. Participant relating to
employment separation rights or claims under any non-U.S. laws (as generally referred to above) or any applicable individual or collective employment agreement shall reduce the amount of cash and benefits due under this Plan (the
&#147;Offset&#148;). Any such reduction shall be made in a manner determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion to be equivalent in value. For purposes of description and example and not limitation
 such offsetting amounts may be claims for
severance pay
 notice
 notice pay
 redundancy pay
 redundancy notice
 severance indemnity
 end-of-service payments
 wrongful or unfair dismissal awards/claims
 discriminatory termination awards/claims
 retaliatory termination
(&#147;victimization&#148;)
(d) If
 for any reason
 the Offset is not possible
 or if any
non-U.S. laws or any individual or collective agreement would require the Company to pay or provide benefits or coverages greater than an amount otherwise due under this Plan
 or if any non-U.S. laws
 or any individual or collective agreement would
prevent any Non-U.S. Participant from effectively and completely releasing the Company from all claims
 then the employee in question shall become ineligible for any payments or benefits under this Plan retroactively
 
 and any
(e) The provisions of this Section are in addition to the
other terms and conditions of the Plan. In particular
 the requirements of Sections 4.1 and 4.2 must be satisfied by Non-U.S. Participants. 
SEPARATION
. A Participant shall be entitled to receive from the Company the Separation Benefits
as provided in Section&nbsp;4.3 of this Plan A if (a)&nbsp;such Participant&#146;s employment with the Company and its Affiliates has been terminated for a reason specified in Section&nbsp;4.2(a) of this Plan A
 (b)&nbsp;such Participant has not
refused an offer of employment by the Company and its Affiliates for a Comparable Job
 and (c)&nbsp;such Participant executes within 50 days (or such shorter period as is required of such Participant by the Company) following the Date of Termination
(and does not revoke)
 in a form that is satisfactory to the Company
 such documents as the Company may require
 which shall include a separation agreement that contains an effective general release of all known and unknown claims against the
Company in a form consistent with the Company&#146;s past practice
 and may include provisions binding the Participant to confidentiality
 cooperation with litigation
 non-disparagement
 non-competition
 and/or non-solicitation agreements (in the
event that a Participant fails to execute such documents within the required time period or revokes any such document
 the Company may recover any payments or benefits paid or provided hereunder to such Participant and shall cease to pay or provide
any further payments or benefits hereunder to such Participant). 
. Any termination under the following circumstances shall be
deemed to be a termination for a reason specified in Section&nbsp;4.2(a) of this Plan A: any involuntary termination of employment initiated by the Company and its Affiliates (excluding any transfer to the Company or an Affiliate thereof) other than
for Cause or Disability (as defined below). A termination of employment will not be deemed to be described by this paragraph if it occurs in connection with a transfer by the Company and its Affiliates of assets or stock
 and the applicable
Participant receives an offer of a Comparable Job with the transferee of such assets or stock (whether before
 at the time of
 or immediately after the closing of such transfer). In the case of an involuntary termination of employment initiated by
the Company and its Affiliates other than for Cause
 the applicable Participant must remain employed (or on approved Leave of Absence) until the date of termination communicated by the Company in order for the termination to qualify as a termination
described by this paragraph. A termination of employment will not be deemed to be described by this paragraph if it follows a period of community assignment. The Company and the applicable Participant shall take all steps necessary (including with
regard to any post-termination services by such Participant) to ensure that any termination described in this Section&nbsp;4.2(a) of this Plan A constitutes a &#147;separation from service&#148; within the meaning of Section&nbsp;409A. 
. If a Participant&#146;s employment is terminated for
Cause
 Disability (within the meaning of the Company&#146;s long-term disability plan applicable to the Participant)
 as a result of the Participant&#146;s death
 or due to voluntary termination
 such termination shall not be deemed to be a
termination for a reason specified in Section&nbsp;4.2(a) of this Plan A and the Participant shall not be entitled to Separation Benefits under this Plan A. 




Section&nbsp;4.1 of this Plan A entitling such Participant to Separation Benefits
 the Company shall pay or provide
 as the case may be
 to such Participant the amounts and benefits set forth in items (i)&nbsp;through (iii)&nbsp;below (the
&#147;

 payable in a lump
sum as soon as practicable
 but in no event later than the Company&#146;s next scheduled payroll date
 following the Date of Termination; and 

 if any
 the Participant would have received for the fiscal year during
which the Date of Termination occurs had such Participant remained employed through the conclusion of such year (based on actual performance) and (2)&nbsp;a fraction
 the numerator of which is the number of days in such year through the Date of
Termination
 and the denominator of which is 365
 payable following the conclusion of such year but in no event more than two-and-a-half months following such conclusion; and 

Base Salary (or
 if the Date of Termination follows a Change of Control and the Participant&#146;s base salary was higher immediately prior to such Change of Control
 such higher salary) and (y)&nbsp;the Average Annual Bonus
 such amounts to be paid
ratably in accordance with the Company&#146;s regular payroll practices over a period of years equal to the applicable Multiple; 

 the Company shall cause the
Company&#146;s welfare plans to continue medical and dental benefits to the Participant and/or the Participant&#146;s family on the same terms applicable to similarly situated active employees
 with the Participant&#146;s share of the premiums no
greater than that applicable to such similarly situated active employees; provided
 however
 that if the Participant becomes reemployed with another employer and is eligible to receive medical and/or dental benefits under another employer provided
plan
 the medical and/or dental benefits
 as applicable
 described herein shall terminate; and
 provided
 further
 that the benefits provided hereunder shall be provided in such a manner that such benefits (and the costs and premiums thereof) are
excluded from the Participant&#146;s income for federal income tax purposes. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 if the Company reasonably determines that providing continued coverage under one or more of its welfare benefit plans contemplated herein
could adversely affect the tax treatment of other participants covered under such plans
 or would otherwise have adverse legal ramifications or adverse economic impact
 the Company may
 in its discretion
 provide other insurance coverage
Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this
Section&nbsp;4.3
 in the event that the applicable Participant is a &#147;specified employee&#148; (within the meaning of Section&nbsp;409A) (as determined in accordance with the methodology established by the Company as in effect on the Date of
Termination) (a &#147;Specified Employee&#148;) on the Date of Termination
 any amounts that would be payable within the first six months following the Date of Termination pursuant to Section&nbsp;4.3(a)(i)(C) of this Plan A that exceed the amount
referenced in Treas. Regs. Section&nbsp;1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii)(A) with respect to such Participant shall be paid
 with Interest from the date on which payment would otherwise have been made
 on the first business day of the first calendar month that
begins after the six-month anniversary of such Participant&#146;s &#147;separation from service&#148; within the meaning of Section&nbsp;409A of the Code (the &#147;Delayed Payment Date&#148;); provided
 however
 that if such Participant who is a
Specified Employee is a Change of Control Participant (as defined in Plan B of this Program)
 all amounts that would have been paid within the first six months following the Date of Termination pursuant to Section&nbsp;4.3(a)(i)(C) of this Plan A
shall be paid
 with Interest from the date on which payment would otherwise have been made
Reductions
(i) The Separation Benefits provided under this Plan A shall be reduced (but not below zero) by
the amount of any severance or separation pay and benefits and/or salary-based guaranteed compensation payments provided for under the terms of any other written employment
 change in control
 severance
 consulting or similar agreement (including an
offer letter) to which the applicable Participant and the Company (or an Affiliate thereof) are party or any other severance plan
 policy or arrangement in which the Participant participates
 or any statutory severance scheme applicable to the
Participant
 including
 without limitation
 or any similar state or local statute to the extent not preempted by ERISA
(collectively
&#148;). Nothing in this Plan A shall be construed to provide separation pay or benefits that are duplicative of any separation pay
 which shall include the payment of salary-based guaranteed
compensation
 or benefits provided to a Participant pursuant to any Severance Arrangement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing
 if any federal
 state or local law (to the extent not preempted by ERISA)
 including without limitation
worker&#146;s compensation laws (and excluding applicable state or 



federal laws regarding jury duty or active military service) or any Company policy
 benefit or practice
 including
 without limitation
 disability benefits or vacation pay (excluding vacation
accrued but unused prior to the Date of Termination) either provides or requires the Company to provide a Participant with income in place of such Participant&#146;s salary or vacation pay accruing after the Date of Termination
 then the Separation
Benefits to which the Participant would have been entitled under this Plan A shall be reduced by the amount of such replacement pay or such post-Date of Termination vacation pay received by the Participant. For clarity
 the Company&#146;s qualified
and non-qualified retirement plans are not considered Severance Arrangements for purposes of this paragraph and amounts payable under this Plan A shall not be reduced pursuant to this paragraph as a result of amounts payable under such qualified and
(ii) The Company also reserves the right
 subject to Section&nbsp;409A of the Code
 to
offset any separation pay or benefits under this Plan A by any advances
 expenses
 loans
 claims for damages or other monies (including any tax withholding due in respect of payments hereunder or otherwise) the applicable Participant owes the
Company or any of its Affiliates (except for any personal or business loan for which the Participant may have contracted with the Company or any of its Affiliates). 

Section&nbsp;280G of the Code
 such payment or benefit shall be reduced to the maximum amount that may be paid or provided without any payment or benefit to the applicable Participant being non-deductible as a result of the application of
Section&nbsp;280G of the Code. Such reduction of the amounts payable hereunder
 if applicable
 shall be made by reducing the payments and benefits under the following sections of this Plan A in the following order:
(1)&nbsp;Section&nbsp;4.3(a)(i)(C)
 (2)&nbsp;Section&nbsp;4.3(a)(ii)
 
(iv) If a
Participant obtains employment within the Company or any of its Affiliates following a termination entitling such Participant to Separation Benefits and prior to the expiration of the number of weeks of such Separation Benefits
 any Separation
(v) Notwithstanding the provisions of any other section of this Plan A
 Separation
Benefits may be discontinued if the applicable Participant is determined by the Administrator (1)&nbsp;to have engaged in conduct at any time while employed by the Company that would have provided a basis for a for-Cause termination
 (2)&nbsp;to
have violated any of the representations or obligations undertaken by the Participant by executing such documents as the Company may require pursuant to Section&nbsp;4.1(c) of this Plan A in order for the Participant to be eligible for Separation
Benefits under this Plan A
 or (3)&nbsp;to have engaged in any conduct or act that was injurious
 detrimental or prejudicial to the interest of the Company. This paragraph shall have no application following a Change of Control. 

5.1
. The separation pay and benefits and costs of this Plan A are payable by the Company out of its general assets
 with the exception of any portion of the premiums or costs for continued benefit coverage for which
Participants will be responsible. The right of a Participant to receive payments or benefits under this Plan A shall be only that of an unsecured creditor against the assets of the Company and payments and benefits under this Plan A shall be made
solely from the assets of the Company. No Participant shall have any right to any specific assets of the Company by virtue of this Plan A. 
. The general administration of this Plan A and the responsibility for carrying out its provisions shall be vested in
the Administrator. The Company shall be the &#147;Administrator&#148; within the meaning of Section&nbsp;3(16) of ERISA and shall have all the responsibilities and duties contained therein. The Administrator shall have the authority to appoint and
delegate its responsibilities under this Plan A and to designate other persons to carry out any of its responsibilities under this Plan A. The Administrator and/or its designee(s) shall have such discretionary powers as are necessary or appropriate
to discharge his
 her or its duties
 including but not limited to
 discretionary interpretation and construction of this Plan A
 and the determination of all questions of eligibility
 participation and benefits and all other related or incidental
matters
 provided that during the two-year period following a Change of Control (and thereafter
 to the extent the issue in question relates to a termination of employment during such period)
 decisions of the Administrator shall be subject to de
novo review in the courts. The Administrator&#146;s (and/or its designee&#146;s) decision will be binding on the applicable Participant
 the Participant&#146;s spouse or other dependent or beneficiary and all other interested parties
 subject to
review or correction only to the extent that such a decision
 determination or construction is shown by clear and convincing evidence to be arbitrary and capricious
 provided that during the two-year period following a Change of Control (and
thereafter
 to the extent the issue in question relates to a termination of employment during such period)
 decisions of the Administrator shall be subject to de novo review in the courts. The Administrator and/or its designee may adopt rules and
regulations of uniform applicability in his/her interpretation and implementation of this Plan A. In order for a Participant to be eligible for Separation Benefits
 the Administrator and/or its designee shall require each Participant to execute (and
not revoke)
 such documents as the Administrator 



and/or its designee may require pursuant to Section&nbsp;4.1(c) of this Plan A and to provide proof of any information that the Administrator finds necessary or desirable for the proper
. Any claim for benefits under this Plan A must be submitted in writing to the
Administrator. If a claim for benefits under this Plan A is denied in whole or in part
 the claimant (or his or her authorized representative) will be notified by the Administrator within 90 days of the date the claim is delivered to the
Administrator
 unless special circumstances require an extension of time for processing the claim
 in which case the claimant will be provided written notification
 prior to the termination of the initial 90-day period
 of the special circumstances
requiring an extension and the date (not to exceed a period of an additional 90 days) by which the Administrator expects to render a final decision. The notification will be written in understandable language and will state (a)&nbsp;specific reasons
for denial of the claim
 (b)&nbsp;specific references to any provision of this Plan A on which the denial is based
 (c)&nbsp;a description (if appropriate) of any additional material or information necessary for the claimant to perfect the claim and
an explanation of why such material or information is necessary
 and (d)&nbsp;an explanation of this Plan A&#146;s review procedure and the time limits applicable to such procedures
 including the claimant&#146;s right to bring a civil action under
section 502(a) of ERISA following an adverse benefit determination on review. A claim that is not acted upon within 90 days may be deemed by the claimant to have been denied. 
. Within 60 days after a claim has been denied
 or deemed denied
 the claimant or his or her authorized
representative may make a request for a full and fair review by submitting to the Administrator a written statement (a)&nbsp;requesting a review of the denial of the claim
 (b)&nbsp;setting forth all of the grounds upon which the request for review
is based and any facts in support thereof
 and (c)&nbsp;setting forth any issue or comments which the claimant deems relevant to the claim. The claimant or his or her authorized representative
 shall have
 upon request and free of charge
 reasonable
access to
 and copies of
 all documents
 records and other information relevant to the claimant&#146;s claim for benefits and may submit comments
 documents
 records and other information relating to the claim in writing. The review shall take into
account all comments
 documents
 records and other information submitted by the claimant relating to the claim
 without regard to whether such information was submitted or considered in the initial benefit determination. The Administrator shall make
a decision on review within 60 days after the receipt of the claimant&#146;s request for review
 unless the Administrator determines that special circumstances require an extension of time for processing a review is required
 in which case the
claimant will be notified and a decision will be made within 120 days of receipt of the request for review. If the Administrator determines that an extension of time is required
 written notice shall be furnished to the claimant prior to the
termination of the initial 60-day period which shall indicate the special circumstances requiring the extension and the date by which the Administrator expects to render a final decision. The decision will be in writing and in understandable
language. The decision shall set forth (i)&nbsp;specific reasons for the denial of the claim
 (ii)&nbsp;specific references to any plan provision on which the benefit determination is based
 (iii)&nbsp;a statement that the claimant is entitled to
receive
 upon request and free of charge
 reasonable access to
 and copies of
 all documents
 records
 and other information relevant to the claimant&#146;s claim for benefits
 and (iv)&nbsp;a statement describing any voluntary appeal procedures
offered by this Plan A and the claimant&#146;s right to obtain information about such procedures and a statement of the claimant&#146;s right to bring an action under section 502(a) of ERISA. The decision of the Administrator on review shall be
final and conclusive upon all persons unless it is shown by clear and convincing evidence to be arbitrary and capricious. The claimant may pursue a grievance in a federal court if he or she is improperly denied any right or remedy to which he or she
is entitled under the Claim Review Procedure. No legal action may be brought to recover benefits allegedly due under this Plan A unless a claimant has exhausted the Claim Review Procedure set forth in this Plan A; and in no event may a claimant
commence such a legal action more than one year from the date of the claim denial. 
6.1
. This Plan A may be terminated or amended in any respect by resolution adopted by a majority of the Committee
 provided that this Plan A may not be terminated or amended in any manner which would adversely affect the
rights or potential rights of Participants if such action is taken in connection with
 in anticipation of
 during the six-month period prior to
 or during the two-year period following
 a Change of Control. No amendment or termination shall give the
Company the right to recover any amount paid to a Participant prior to the date of such action or to cause the reduction
 cessation or discontinuance of Separation Benefits to any person or persons under this Plan A already receiving or entitled to
receive separation pay or benefits under this Plan A. No vested rights are provided under this Plan A
 subject to Section&nbsp;3.2 of this Plan A and to the Change of Control-related limitations set forth above on amendments and terminations. 
. This Plan A shall bind any successor of the Company
 its assets or its businesses (whether direct or indirect
 by
purchase
 merger
 consolidation or otherwise)
 in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be obligated under this Plan A if no succession had taken place. The Company will require any successor (whether direct or indirect
 by
purchase
 merger
 consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the Company to assume expressly and to honor this Plan A in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to honor
it if no such succession had taken place. The term &#147;Company
&#148; as used in this Plan A
 shall mean the Company as hereinbefore defined and any successor or assignee to the business or assets which by reason hereof becomes bound by this Plan
A. 


. Notwithstanding anything else contained in this Plan A
 the
Company shall not be required to make any payment or take any other action prohibited by law
 including
 but not limited to
 any regulation
 directive
 or order of federal or state regulatory authorities. 
. This Plan A does not constitute a contract of employment or impose on any Participant
 the Company
 or any
. Subject to
Section&nbsp;4.3 of this Plan A
 payments and benefits under this Plan A are not assignable or subject to alienation since they are not vested and are solely for the support and maintenance of the applicable Participant. Likewise
 such payments and
benefits shall not be subject to attachment by creditors or through legal process against the Company
 the Administrator or any Participant. 
. The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Plan A such Federal
 state
 local or foreign taxes as
. The invalidity or unenforceability
of any provision of this Plan A shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Plan A
 which shall remain in full force and effect
 and any prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or
render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. The captions of this Plan A are not part of the provisions hereof and shall have no force or effect. 
. This Plan A is subject to ERISA
 but is intended to qualify as a plan which is unfunded and is maintained primarily
for the purpose of providing deferred compensation for a select group of management or highly compensated employees. To the extent not superseded by federal law
 this Plan A shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State
of Minnesota
. This Plan A is intended to comply with
the requirements of Section&nbsp;409A of the Code or an exemption or exclusion therefrom and shall in all respects be interpreted and administered in accordance with Section&nbsp;409A of the Code. If any provision of the Plan would otherwise
conflict with or frustrate this intent
 that provision will be interpreted and deemed amended so as to avoid the conflict. Each payment under this Plan A shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Section&nbsp;409A of the Code. In no
event may a Participant
 directly or indirectly
 designate the calendar year of any payment to be made under this Plan A. All reimbursements and in-kind benefits provided under this Plan A shall be made or provided in accordance with the
requirements of Section&nbsp;409A of the Code
 including
 without limitation
 that (i)&nbsp;in no event shall reimbursements by the Company under this Plan A be made later than the end of the calendar year next following the calendar year in which
the applicable fees and expenses were incurred
 provided
 that the applicable Participant shall have submitted an invoice for such fees and expenses at least 10 days before the end of the calendar year next following the calendar year in which such
fees and expenses were incurred; (ii)&nbsp;the amount of in-kind benefits that the Company is obligated to pay or provide in any given calendar year shall not affect the in-kind benefits that the Company is obligated to pay or provide in any other
calendar year; (iii)&nbsp;the applicable Participant&#146;s right to have the Company pay or provide such reimbursements and in-kind benefits may not be liquidated or exchanged for any other benefit; and (iv)&nbsp;in no event shall the
Company&#146;s obligations to make such reimbursements or to provide such in-kind benefits apply later than the applicable Participant&#146;s remaining lifetime (or if longer
 through the 20th anniversary of the Date of Termination). 


 

 the applicable Multiple shall be the Multiple set forth next to such
Participant&#146;s name. For other Participants
 the applicable Multiple shall be determined based on such Participant&#146;s position immediately prior to the Date of Termination
 in accordance with the following table: 































Notwithstanding the foregoing table
 the Multiples for the following Participants shall be as set forth below: 












 


continued dedication of its senior executives
 notwithstanding the possibility
 threat or occurrence of a Change of Control (as defined below) of the Company. The Board believes it is essential to diminish the inevitable distraction to its senior
executives by virtue of the personal uncertainties and risks created by a pending or threatened Change of Control and to encourage its senior executives&#146; full attention and dedication to the Company currently and in the event of any threatened
or pending Change of Control
 and to provide its senior executives with compensation and benefit arrangements upon a Change of Control which ensure that the compensation and benefits expectations of its senior executives will be satisfied and which
are competitive with those of other corporations. This Plan B is intended to serve the aforementioned purposes. The Company reserves the right to amend or terminate this Plan B by action of the Committee (as defined below) in accordance with the
amendment and termination provisions set forth below. 
As used in
this Plan B
 the following words and phrases shall have the following respective meanings (unless the context clearly indicates otherwise): 
. An Affiliate of the Company shall mean any company controlled by
 controlling
 or under common control with
 the Company.
. With respect to a Change of Control Participant
 twelve times the higher of the monthly base salary paid or
payable
 including any base salary which has been earned but deferred
 to such Change of Control Participant by the Company and its Affiliates in respect of the month immediately preceding the month in which (i)&nbsp;the Change of Control occurs or
. The average of the
applicable Change of Control Participant&#146;s annual bonuses paid or payable under the Incentive Plan (including amounts earned but deferred)
 for each of the last three full fiscal years (or such lesser number of years for which such Change of
Control Participant was employed by the Company) prior to the Change of Control (annualized in the event that such Change of Control Participant was not employed by the Company for the whole of any such fiscal year and not paid a full year&#146;s
bonus for such year). In the case of a Change of Control Participant who has not yet received any bonuses
 Average Annual Bonus shall equal such Change of Control Participant&#146;s target bonus
 as calculated using a 1.50 corporate/unit rating and
the target individual rating at the Change of Control Participant&#146;s level under the Incentive Plan for the fiscal year during which occurs the Change of Control. 


 entity or group (within the meaning of Section&nbsp;13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934
&#148;) of beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the 1934 Act) of 20% or more of the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting
&#148;); provided
 however
 that for purposes of this subsection (a)
 the following acquisitions shall not
constitute a Change of Control: (1)&nbsp;any acquisition directly from the Company; (2)&nbsp;any acquisition by the Company; (3)&nbsp;any acquisition by any employee benefit plan (or related trust) sponsored or maintained by the Company or any
corporation controlled by the Company; or (4)&nbsp;any acquisition by any corporation pursuant to a transaction which complies with clauses (i)
 (ii)&nbsp;and (iii)&nbsp;of subsection (c)&nbsp;of this Section&nbsp;2.4; and provided
 further
 that if
any Person&#146;s beneficial ownership of the Outstanding Company Voting Securities reaches or exceeds 20% as a result of a transaction described in clause (i)&nbsp;or (ii)&nbsp;above
 and such Person subsequently acquires beneficial ownership of
additional voting securities of the Company
 such subsequent acquisition shall be treated as an acquisition that causes such Person to own 20% or more of the Outstanding Company Voting Securities; or 

 as of the date hereof
&#148;) cease for any reason to constitute at
least a majority of the Board; provided
 however
 that any individual becoming a director subsequent to the date hereof whose election
 or nomination for election by the Company&#146;s shareholders
 was approved by a vote of at least a majority of
the directors then comprising the Incumbent Board shall be considered as though such individual were a member of the Incumbent Board
 



but excluding
 for this purpose
 any such individual whose initial assumption of office occurs as a result of an actual or threatened election contest with respect to the election or removal of
(c)
Consummation of a reorganization
 merger
 statutory share exchange or consolidation or similar transaction involving the Company or any of its subsidiaries
 a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of the Company
 or the
acquisition of assets or stock of another entity by the Company or any of its subsidiaries (each
&#148;); excluding however such a Business Combination pursuant to which (i)&nbsp;all or substantially all of the
individuals and entities who were the beneficial owners of the Outstanding Company Voting Securities immediately prior to such Business Combination beneficially own
 directly or indirectly
 more than 60% of
 respectively
 the then outstanding shares
of common stock and the combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors
 as the case may be
 of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination (including
 without
limitation
 a corporation which as a result of such transaction owns the Company or all or substantially all of the Company&#146;s assets either directly or through one or more subsidiaries) in substantially the same proportions as their ownership
immediately prior to such Business Combination of the Outstanding Company Voting Securities
 (ii)&nbsp;no Person (excluding any corporation resulting from such Business Combination or any employee benefit plan (or related trust) of the Company or
such corporation resulting from such Business Combination) beneficially owns
 directly or indirectly
 20% or more of
 respectively
 the then outstanding shares of common stock of the corporation resulting from such Business Combination or the
combined voting power of the then outstanding voting securities of such corporation except to the extent that such ownership existed prior to the Business Combination and (iii)&nbsp;at least a majority of the members of the board of directors of the
corporation resulting from such Business Combination were members of the Incumbent Board at the time of the execution of the initial agreement
 or of the action of the Board
 providing for such Business Combination; or 

. With respect to any Change of Control Participant
 such Change of Control Participant&#146;s
&#147;Change of Control Multiple&#148; shall be as follows: 
























. An employee of the Company and its Affiliates who is an officer of
the Company in good standing and has been appointed by the Company&#146;s Senior Human Resources Officer to
 and remains on
 the Corporate Operating Committee
 or is otherwise designated by the Committee (or its delegate) as a Change of Control
Participant. Individuals may be removed from the Corporate Operating Committee by the Company&#146;s Senior Human Resources Officer by written action or by the Committee through written action
 and shall no longer be Change of Control Participants.
The Committee may also otherwise act to remove an individual from status as a Change of Control Participant. This section 2.6 is subject to the provisions and protections of Section&nbsp;3.1. 
. The amounts and benefits payable or required to be provided in accordance with
. The Internal Revenue Code of 1986
 as amended from time to time. 


. If a Change of Control Participant&#146;s employment is terminated by the Company for Cause
 or by the Change
of Control Participant for Good Reason
 the Date of Termination shall be the date of receipt of the Notice of Termination (as described in Section&nbsp;4.2(c) of this Plan B) or any later date specified therein
 as the case may be. If a Change of
Control Participant&#146;s employment is terminated by the Company other than for Cause or Disability
 the Date of Termination shall be the date on which the Company notifies such Change of Control Participant of such termination. If a Change of
Control Participant&#146;s employment is terminated by the Change of Control Participant without Good Reason
 the Date of Termination shall be the date on which the Change of Control Participant notifies the Company of such termination. If a Change
of Control Participant&#146;s employment 



is terminated by reason of death or Disability
 the Date of Termination shall be the date of death of such Change of Control Participant or the Disability Effective Date
 as the case may be. 
. The Company&#146;s Executive Incentive Plan
 or other formal incentive bonus plans maintained by the Company
 an
Affiliate
 or another entity in which the Company has a significant equity interest
2.13
. Interest on the applicable delayed payment equal to the &#147;prime rate&#148; (as reported in the Wall Street Journal on the Date of Termination (or
 if it is not reported on such date
 on the next following business day on which
it is reported)) plus 1%
 which interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 365-day year and the actual number of days elapsed from and including the Date of Termination through
 but excluding
 the date of payment. 

. Section&nbsp;409A Change of Control means a Change of Control that also constitutes a
&#147;change in the ownership or effective control&#148; of the Company or &#147;a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets&#148; of the Company (each as defined in Section&nbsp;409A(a)(2)(A)(v) of the Code and the regulations
. A Change of Control Participant who is a &#147;specified
employee&#148; (within the meaning of Section&nbsp;409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code)
 as determined in accordance with the methodology established by the Company as in effect on the Date of Termination of such Change of Control Participant. 

3.1
. Individuals who are within the definition of Change of Control Participant may be added or removed as provided in Section&nbsp;2.6
 and the Change of Control Multiples may be altered
 provided that no Change of Control
Participant may be so removed nor may any Change of Control Multiple be altered (a)&nbsp;in connection with or in anticipation of a Change of Control or during the two-year period following a Change of Control
 or (b)&nbsp;subject to
Section&nbsp;3.2(b) of this Plan B
 without providing the applicable Change of Control Participant at least one year&#146;s notice of such removal or reduction. 
. A Change of Control Participant shall cease to be a Change of Control Participant in this Plan B if
(a)&nbsp;such Change of Control Participant is removed as permitted by Section&nbsp;3.1 of this Plan B or (b)&nbsp;such Change of Control Participant ceases to be employed by the Company and its Affiliates under circumstances not entitling such
No Termination of Participation Following Termination
Entitling Change of Control Participant to Benefits Under Plan
 a Change of Control Participant who is entitled
 as a result of a cessation of employment while a Change of Control Participant
to receive benefits under this Plan B shall remain a Change of Control Participant in this Plan B (and shall not be subject to a reduction of such Change of Control Participant&#146;s Change of Control Multiple) until the amounts and benefits
Special Rules for Non-U.S.
Change of Control Participants
 if any
 whose primary place of employment is outside the United States (&#147;Non-U.S. Change of Control Participants&#148;): 

(b) The Company&#146;s intent is to provide Non-U.S. Change of Control
Participants the same levels and amounts of benefits as other Change of Control Participants
 but not more than other Change of Control Participants would be entitled to under the Plan. It is acknowledged that certain Non-U.S. Change of Control
Participants may be covered by laws outside the U.S.
 including national
 provincial
 and/or local laws
 governing the employment relationship between said Change of Control Participants and the Company. It is further acknowledged that Non-U.S.
Change of Control Participants may have individual or collective employment agreements that contain applicable employment separation provisions. However
 in no case shall the Company pay any amounts
 or provide any benefits
 which are related in any
manner to a Change of Control Participant&#146;s separation of employment from the Company
 greater than the amounts or in addition to the benefits or coverages
 otherwise provided for under this Plan B. 



rights or claims under any non-U.S. laws (as generally referred to above) or any applicable individual or collective employment agreement shall reduce the amount of cash and benefits due under this Plan (the &#147;Offset&#148;). Any such reduction
shall be made in a manner determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion to be equivalent in value. For purposes of description and example and not limitation
 such offsetting amounts may be claims for severance pay
 notice
 notice pay
redundancy pay
 redundancy notice
 severance indemnity
 end-of-service payments
 wrongful or unfair dismissal awards/claims
 discriminatory termination awards/claims
 retaliatory termination (&#147;victimization&#148;)
 or other employment
(d) If
 for any reason
 the Offset is not possible
 or if any non-U.S. laws or any individual or collective
agreement would require the Company to pay or provide benefits or coverages greater than an amount otherwise due under this Plan B
 or if any non-U.S. laws
 or any individual or collective agreement would prevent any Non-U.S. Change of Control
Participant from effectively and completely releasing the Company from all claims
 then the employee in question shall become ineligible for any payments or benefits under this Plan retroactively
 
 and any and all claims under
(e) The provisions of this Section are in addition to the other terms and
conditions of this Plan B. In particular
 the requirements of Sections 4.1 and 4.2 must be satisfied by Non-U.S. Change of Control Participants. 
SEPARATION
. A Change of Control Participant shall be entitled to receive from
the Company the Change of Control Separation Benefits as provided in Section&nbsp;4.3 of this Plan B if such Change of Control Participant&#146;s employment with the Company and its Affiliates has been terminated for any reason specified in
Section&nbsp;4.2(a) of this Plan B
 and such termination occurred either (a)&nbsp;after a Change of Control and on or before the second anniversary thereof or (b)&nbsp;at the request of a third party who had taken steps reasonably calculated to
effect a Change of Control or in connection with or anticipation of a Change of Control (a termination of employment described in this Section&nbsp;4.1(b)
 an &#147;

. Any termination under the following
(i) any involuntary
termination of employment of a Change of Control Participant initiated by the Company and its Affiliates (excluding any transfer to the Company or an Affiliate thereof) other than for Cause or Disability; or 

(A) the assignment to the applicable Change of Control Participant of any
duties inconsistent in any material respect with such Change of Control Participant&#146;s position (including status
 offices
 titles and reporting requirements)
 authority
 duties or responsibilities
 as in effect prior to the Change of Control
(measured by reference to the most significant of those held
 exercised
 and assigned during the 180-day period immediately preceding the Change of Control)
 or any other action which results in a material diminution in such position
 authority
duties or responsibilities (whether or not occurring solely as a result of the Company&#146;s ceasing to be a publicly traded entity)
 excluding for this purpose an isolated
 insubstantial and inadvertent action not taken in bad faith and that is
(B) a
decrease in the applicable Change of Control Participant&#146;s base salary below the base salary in effect immediately prior to the Change of Control; 

 for any fiscal year
 to provide the applicable Change of Control Participant (no later than two and a half
months following such fiscal year
 subject to any deferral elected by the Change of Control Participant on terms compliant with Section&nbsp;409A) with an annual bonus at least equal to the Average Annual Bonus
 other than an isolated
 insubstantial
and inadvertent failure not occurring in bad faith and which is remedied promptly after receipt of notice thereof given by the Change of Control Participant; 



levels)
 including equity- and cash-based programs
 below the greatest of those offered to the applicable Change of Control Participant under the programs in which such Change of Control Participant participated any time during the 180-day period
(E) the Company&#146;s requiring the applicable Change of Control
Participant to be based at any office or location 50 or more miles from the location where such Change of Control Participant was employed immediately preceding the Change of Control or the Company&#146;s requiring the applicable Change of Control
Participant to travel on Company business to a substantially greater extent than required immediately prior to the Change of Control; or 


 (x)&nbsp;a Change of Control Participant&#146;s ability to terminate employment for Good Reason shall
be conditioned on the Change of Control Participant providing notice of the event or action giving rise to the right to terminate for Good Reason within 30 days of becoming aware of such event or action and the Company&#146;s failing to cure such
event or action
 if curable
 within 30 days of receipt of such notice
 (y)&nbsp;any good faith determination of &#147;Good Reason&#148; made by the Change of Control Participant shall be conclusive
 and (z)&nbsp;a Change of Control
Participant&#146;s mental or physical incapacity following the occurrence of an event described above in clauses (A)&nbsp;through (F)&nbsp;of Section&nbsp;4.2(a)(ii) shall not affect such Change of Control Participant&#146;s ability to terminate
employment for Good Reason. The Company and the applicable Change of Control Participant shall take all steps necessary (including with regard to any post-termination services by such Change of Control Participant) to ensure that any termination
(b)
. If a Change of Control Participant&#146;s employment is terminated for Cause or Disability (as those terms are defined below)
 as a result of the
Change of Control Participant&#146;s death
 or due to voluntary termination other than for Good Reason
 such termination shall not be deemed to be a termination for a reason specified in Section&nbsp;4.2(a) of this Plan B and the Change of Control
Participant shall not be entitled to Change of Control Separation Benefits under this Plan B
 regardless of the occurrence of a Change of Control; provided
 however
 that in the event of any such termination during the two-year period following a
Change of Control
 the Change of Control Participant (or the Change of Control Participant&#146;s estate
 as applicable) shall be entitled to receive Accrued Obligations (except that in the event of a termination by the Company for Cause or by the
Change of Control Participant without Good Reason
 Accrued Obligations shall not for purposes of this sentence include the amount described in Section&nbsp;4.3(a)(i)(A)(2) of this Plan B)
 provided that in the event that the Change of Control
Participant is a Specified Employee and the termination is due to the Change of Control Participant&#146;s Disability
 the portion of Accrued Obligations described in Section&nbsp;4.3(a)(i)(A)(2) of this Plan B shall be paid
 with Interest from the
Date of Termination
 on the first business day after the date that is six months following such Change of Control Participant&#146;s &#147;separation from service&#148; within the meaning of Section&nbsp;409A of the Code. In addition
 in the event
of such a termination that is due to death or Disability
 the applicable Change of Control Participant (or such Change of Control Participant&#146;s estate and/or beneficiaries
 as applicable) shall be entitled to receive death or disability
benefits
 as applicable
 at least equal to the most favorable benefits provided by the Company and its Affiliates under such plans
 programs
 practices and policies relating to death or disability benefits
 as applicable
 as in effect with respect
to other peer executives and their beneficiaries at any time during the 180-day period immediately preceding the Change of Control or
 if more favorable to the applicable Change of Control Participant (or such Change of Control Participant&#146;s
estate and/or beneficiaries
 as applicable)
 as in effect on the date of the Change of Control Participant&#146;s death or disability with respect to other peer executives of the Company and its Affiliates and their beneficiaries. 
&#148; shall have occurred where the applicable Change of Control Participant is
absent from such Change of Control Participant&#146;s duties with the Company and its Affiliates on a full-time basis for 180 consecutive business days as a result of incapacity due to mental or physical illness which is determined to be total and
permanent by a physician selected by the Company or its insurers and acceptable to such Change of Control Participant or such Change of Control Participant&#146;s legal representative. In such event
 such Change of Control Participant&#146;s
&#148;) after receipt of the applicable Notice of Termination (as defined in Section&nbsp;4.2(c) of this Plan B) by
the Change of Control Participant
 provided that
 within the 30 days after such receipt
 the Change of Control Participant shall not have returned to full-time performance of the Change of Control Participant&#146;s duties. 
&#148; shall have occurred where the applicable Change of Control Participant is
terminated because of: 



perform substantially the Change of Control Participant&#146;s duties with the Company and its Affiliates (other than any such failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness)
 after a written demand for substantial performance
is delivered to the Change of Control Participant by the Board or the Chief Executive Officer of the Company which specifically identifies the manner in which the Board or the Chief Executive Officer believes that the Change of Control Participant
has not substantially performed the Change of Control Participant&#146;s duties
(B) the Change of Control
Participant&#146;s conviction of
 or plea of guilty or no contest to
 a felony
(C) the Change of Control
Participant&#146;s misappropriation or theft of Company assets
(D) the willful engaging by the Change of Control
For purposes of this
Section&nbsp;4.2(b)(ii)
 no act or failure to act
 on the part of the Change of Control Participant
 shall be considered &#147;willful&#148; unless it is done
 or omitted to be done
 by the Change of Control Participant in bad faith or without
reasonable belief that the Change of Control Participant&#146;s action or omission was in the best interests of the Company. Any act
 or failure to act
 based upon authority (A)&nbsp;given pursuant to a resolution duly adopted by the Board
 or if
the Company is not the ultimate parent corporation of the Company and its Affiliates and is not publicly traded
&#148;)
 (B)&nbsp;except with respect to
an act or failure to act of the Chief Executive Officer
 upon the instructions of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company or a senior officer of the Company who is senior to the applicable Change of Control Participant
 or (C)&nbsp;based upon the
advice of counsel for the Company
 shall be conclusively presumed to be done
 or omitted to be done
 by the Change of Control Participant in good faith and in the best interests of the Company. The cessation of employment of the Change of Control
Participant shall not be deemed to be for Cause unless and until there shall have been delivered to the Change of Control Participant a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than a majority of the members of the
Applicable Board who are not officers or employees of the Company at a meeting of the Applicable Board called and held for such purpose (after reasonable notice is provided to the Change of Control Participant and the Change of Control Participant
is given an opportunity
 together with counsel for the Change of Control Participant
 to be heard before the Applicable Board)
 finding that
 in the good faith opinion of the board
 the Change of Control Participant is guilty of the conduct
described in this Section&nbsp;4.2(b)(ii)
. Any
termination by the Company for Cause or Disability
 or by a Change of Control Participant for Good Reason
 shall be communicated by a Notice of Termination to the other party. For purposes of this Plan B
&#148;
means a written notice which (i)&nbsp;indicates the specific termination provision in this Plan B relied upon
 (ii)&nbsp;to the extent applicable
 sets forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination
of the Change of Control Participant&#146;s employment under the provision so indicated and (iii)&nbsp;if the Date of Termination is other than the date of receipt of such notice
 specifies the termination date (which date shall be not more than 30
days after the giving of such notice (except in the case of a termination due to Disability
 in which case such date shall be the Disability Effective Date)). The failure by the Change of Control Participant or the Company to set forth in the Notice
of Termination any fact or circumstance which contributes to a showing of Good Reason
 Cause
 or Disability shall not waive any right of the Change of Control Participant or the Company
 respectively
 hereunder or preclude the Change of Control
Participant or the Company
 respectively
 from asserting such fact or circumstance in enforcing the Change of Control Participant&#146;s or the Company&#146;s rights hereunder. 


entitling such Change of Control Participant to Change of Control Separation Benefits
 the Company shall pay or provide
 as the case may be
 to such Change of Control Participant the amounts and benefits set forth in items (i)&nbsp;through
(i) the Company shall pay to the Change of
Control Participant in a lump sum in cash within 30 days after the Date of Termination the aggregate of the following amounts: 

theretofore paid
 and (2)&nbsp;the Change of Control Participant&#146;s 



Average Annual Bonus
 multiplied by a fraction
 the numerator of which is the number of days in the current fiscal year through the Date of Termination
 and the denominator of which is 365 (the
amounts described in this Section&nbsp;4.3(a)(i)(A)
(B) the amount
equal to the product of (1)&nbsp;the Change of Control Multiple and (2)&nbsp;the sum of (x)&nbsp;the Change of Control Participant&#146;s Annual Base Salary and (y)&nbsp;the Average Annual Bonus; 

Multiple
 or such longer period as may be provided by the terms of the appropriate plan
 program
 practice or policy
 the Company shall cause its applicable welfare plans to continue medical and dental benefits to the Change of Control Participant
and/or the Change of Control Participant&#146;s family at least equal to those which would have been provided to them in accordance with the plans
 programs
 practices and policies
 as in effect immediately prior to the Change of Control
 or if more
favorable to the Change of Control Participant
 as in effect immediately before the Date of Termination; provided
 however
 that if the Change of Control Participant becomes reemployed with another employer and is eligible to receive medical and/or
dental benefits under another employer provided plan
 the medical and/or dental benefits
 as applicable
 described herein shall be secondary to those provided under such other plan during such applicable period of eligibility; and
 provided
further
 that the benefits provided hereunder shall be provided in such a manner that such benefits (and the costs and premiums thereof) are excluded from the Change of Control Participant&#146;s income for federal income tax purposes.
Notwithstanding the foregoing
 if the Company reasonably determines that providing continued coverage under one or more of its welfare benefit plans contemplated herein could adversely affect the tax treatment of other participants covered under
such plans
 or would otherwise have adverse legal ramifications or adverse economic impact
 the Company may
 in its discretion
 provide other insurance coverage substantially similar in the aggregate to the continued coverage otherwise required
Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this Section&nbsp;4.3(a)
 in the event that the Change of Control Participant is a Specified
Employee
 amounts to be paid pursuant to Sections 4.3(a)(i)(A)(2) and 4.3(a)(ii) of this Plan B shall be paid
 with Interest from the Date of Termination
&#148;) after the date that is
six months following such Change of Control Participant&#146;s &#147;separation from service&#148; within the meaning of Section&nbsp;409A. 

 in the event the applicable Change of Control is not a Section&nbsp;409A
Change of Control
 the payments under Section&nbsp;4.3(a)(i)(B) of this Plan B shall be paid as follows: (i)&nbsp;the amount of such payments that would have been paid under Plan A of this Program upon a termination described in Section&nbsp;4.2(a)
thereof shall be paid in installments on the same payment schedule as would have applied under Plan A of this Program upon such a termination
 and (ii)&nbsp;any additional amounts due under Section&nbsp;4.3(a)(i)(B) of this Plan B shall be paid in a
lump sum in accordance with the provisions of Section&nbsp;4.3(a)(i)(B) of this Plan B (subject to the delay required by the final paragraph of Section&nbsp;4.3(a)
 if applicable). 
. If it is determined that Change of Control Separation Benefits are payable hereunder
 the Company shall cause
its independent auditors promptly to review
 at the Company&#146;s sole expense
 the applicability of Section&nbsp;4999 of the Code to the Total Payments to be received by the Change of Control Participant. If such auditors determine that any of the
Total Payments would be subject to the excise tax imposed by Code Section&nbsp;4999 (or any successor provision thereto)
 or any interest or penalties with respect to such tax
 by reason of being &#147;contingent on a change in ownership or
control&#148; of the Company
 within the meaning of Section&nbsp;280G of the Code (or any successor provision thereto) or to any similar tax imposed by state or local law
 or any interest or penalties with respect to such excise tax (such excise
tax
 together with interest and penalties
&#148;)
 then
 if a reduction in the amount of Change of Control Separation Benefits sufficient to avoid the Excise Tax would result in
an increase in the Total Payments that would be retained by the Change of Control Participant
 net of all applicable taxes
 then and only then
 the Change of Control Separation Benefits shall be reduced to the amount that
 when considered with all
of the Total Payments taken into account under Section&nbsp;280G
 is One Dollar ($1.00) less than the smallest sum that would subject the Change of Control Participant to the Excise Tax. For the avoidance of doubt
 in the event that the amount of
payments due to the Change of Control Participant is not so reduced
 the Change of Control Participant and not the Company
 shall be solely responsible for the payment of all taxes
 including any Excise Taxes
 that become due thereon. 

&#148; shall mean
 collectively
 any payment or benefit received or to be received by the Change of Control
Participant in connection with a Change of Control of the Company or termination of the Change of Control Participant&#146;s employment (whether payable pursuant to the terms of this Plan or any other plan
 contract
 agreement
 or arrangement with
the Company
 with any person whose actions result in a Change of Control of the Company
&#148; as defined in Section&nbsp;280G(d)(5) of the Code) with the Company or with
any person whose actions result in a Change of Control of the Company. For purposes of calculating Total Payments
 (i)&nbsp;no portion of the Total Payments the receipt or enjoyment of which the Change of Control Participant shall have effectively
waived in writing prior to the date of payment shall be 



taken into account; (ii)&nbsp;no portion of the Total Payments shall be taken into account which
 in the opinion of tax counsel selected by the Company and acceptable to the Change of Control
Participant
&#148; within the meaning of Section&nbsp;280G(b)(2) of the Code; and (iii)&nbsp;the value of any other non-cash benefit or of any deferred cash payment included in the Total Payments
shall be determined by the Company&#146;s independent auditors in accordance with the principles of Sections 280G(d)(3) and (4)&nbsp;of the Code. 
. The Company has established a Supplemental Benefits Trust with Wells Fargo Bank Minnesota
 N.A. as
trustee to hold assets of the Company under certain circumstances as a reserve for the discharge of the Company&#146;s obligations under this Plan B and certain plans of deferred compensation of the Company. In the event of a termination entitling a
Change of Control Participant to Change of Control Separation Benefits hereunder
 the Company shall be obligated to immediately contribute such amounts to such trust as may be necessary to fully fund all benefits that may become due to such Change
of Control Participant under this Article IV (except under Section&nbsp;4.3(a)(ii) of this Plan B). All assets held in such trust shall remain subject only to the claims of the Company&#146;s general creditors whose claims against the Company are
not satisfied because of the Company&#146;s bankruptcy or insolvency (as those terms are defined in the applicable trust agreement). Change of Control Participants do not have any preferred claim on
 or beneficial ownership interest in
 any assets
of the trust before the assets are paid to them and all rights created under the trust
 as under this Plan B
 are unsecured contractual claims of Change of Control Participants against the Company. In the event the funding of the trust described in
this paragraph does not occur
 upon written demand by the applicable Change of Control Participant given at any time after the Date of Termination
 the Company shall deposit in trust with an institutional trustee designated by the Change of Control
Participant in such demand amounts which may become payable to the Change of Control Participant pursuant to this Article IV (except under Section&nbsp;4.3(a)(ii) of this Plan B) with irrevocable instructions to pay amounts to the Change of Control
Participant when due in accordance with the terms of this Plan B. All fees
 expenses and other charges of any trustee of a trust described in this paragraph shall be paid by the Company. The trustee of any trust described in this paragraph shall be
entitled to rely conclusively on the Change of Control Participant&#146;s written statement as to the fact that payments are due under this Plan B and the amount of such payments. Notwithstanding any other provision of this paragraph
 (x)&nbsp;no
trust shall be funded pursuant to this paragraph if the funding thereof would result in taxable income to any Change of Control Participant by reason of Section&nbsp;409A(b) of the Code
 and (y)&nbsp;in no event shall any assets of the trust
contemplated by this paragraph at any time be located or transferred (within the meaning of Section&nbsp;409A(b) of the Code) outside of the United States. 
. Upon a Change of Control
 subject to Section&nbsp;4.4(a) of this Plan B
 the obligations of the
Company to pay or provide the Change of Control Separation Benefits described in Section&nbsp;4.3 of this Plan B shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstances
 including
 without limitation
 any set-off
counterclaim
 recoupment
 defense or other right which the Company and its Affiliates may have against any Change of Control Participant. In no event shall a Change of Control Participant be obligated to seek other employment or take any other
action by way of mitigation of the amounts payable to a Change of Control Participant under any of the provisions of this Plan B
 nor shall the amount of any payment under this Plan B be reduced by any compensation earned by a Change of Control
Participant as a result of employment by another employer. Nothing in this Plan B shall prevent or limit a Change of Control Participant&#146;s continuing or future participation in any plan
 program
 policy or practice provided by the Company and
its Affiliates and for which the Change of Control Participant may qualify
 nor shall anything herein limit or otherwise affect such rights as the Change of Control Participant may have under any contract or agreement with the Company and its
Affiliates. Amounts which are vested benefits or which a Change of Control Participant is otherwise entitled to receive under any plan
 policy
 practice or program of or any contract or agreement with the Company or any of its Affiliates at or
subsequent to the Date of Termination shall be payable in accordance with such plan
 policy
 practice or program or contract or agreement except as explicitly modified by this Plan B. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing
 a Change of
Control Participant&#146;s resignation under this Plan B with or without Good Reason
 shall in no way affect such Change of Control Participant&#146;s ability to terminate employment by reason of such Change of Control Participant&#146;s
&#147;retirement&#148; under any compensation and benefits plans
 programs or arrangements of the Company and its Affiliates
 including without limitation any retirement or pension plans or arrangements or to be eligible to receive benefits under
any compensation or benefit plans
 programs or arrangements of the Company and its Affiliates or substitute plans adopted by the Company or its successors
 and any termination which otherwise qualifies as Good Reason shall be treated as such even if
it is also a &#147;retirement&#148; for purposes of any such plan. Notwithstanding the foregoing
 if a Change of Control Participant receives payments and benefits pursuant to Section&nbsp;4.3(a) of this Plan B
 such Change of Control Participant
shall not be entitled to any severance pay or benefits under any severance plan
 program or policy of the Company and its Affiliates (including Plan A of this Program)
 unless otherwise specifically provided therein in a specific reference to this
Plan B. 

. As a condition of participation in this Plan B
 all Change of Control Participants agree to abide by the
provisions of this Section&nbsp;5.1. Each Change of Control Participant will hold in a fiduciary capacity for the benefit of the Company all secret or confidential information
 knowledge or data relating to the Company or any of its Affiliates
 and
their respective 



businesses
 which shall have been obtained by the Change of Control Participant during the Change of Control Participant&#146;s employment by the Company or any of its Affiliates and which shall
not be or become public knowledge (other than by acts by the Change of Control Participant or representatives of the Change of Control Participant in violation of this paragraph). After termination of the Change of Control Participant&#146;s
employment with the Company
 the Change of Control Participant shall not
 without the prior written consent of the Company or as may otherwise be required by law or legal process
 communicate or divulge any such information
 knowledge or data to
. As a condition of participation in this Plan B
 all
Change of Control Participants agree (and
 at the request of the Company
 shall enter into a separate written agreement) to abide by the provisions of this Section&nbsp;5.2 in the event of a termination of employment entitling such Change of Control
Participant to Change of Control Separation Benefits. During the one-year period immediately following any termination of employment which entitles a Change of Control Participant to Change of Control Separation Benefits hereunder
 such Change of
Control Participant shall not enter into Competition with the Company. For purposes of this Section
 &#147;Competition&#148; means (i)&nbsp;participating
 directly or indirectly
 as an individual proprietor
 partner
 stockholder
 officer
 employee
director
 joint venturer
 investor
 lender
 consultant or in any capacity whatsoever (within the United States of America) in a business in competition with any business conducted by the Company or any of its Affiliates
 with regard to which the
Change of Control Participant worked or otherwise had non-incidental responsibilities or had access to non-incidental confidential information
 while employed by the Company or any of its Affiliates; provided
 however
 that such participation shall
not include: (x)&nbsp;the mere ownership of not more than 1% of the total outstanding stock of a publicly held company; (y)&nbsp;the performance of services for any enterprise to the extent such services are not performed
 directly or indirectly
for
 or with regard to
 a business unit of the enterprise in the aforesaid competition; or (z)&nbsp;any activity engaged in with the prior written approval of the Company; or (ii)&nbsp;directly or indirectly
 recruiting
 soliciting or inducing
 of
any employee or employees of the Company or any of its Affiliates to terminate their employment with
 or otherwise cease their relationship with
 the Company or any of its Affiliates or hiring or assisting another person or entity to hire any
employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates. If any restriction set forth with regard to Competition is found by any court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable because it extends for too long a period of time or over too great a range
of activities or in too broad a geographic area
 it shall be interpreted to extend over the maximum period of time
 range of activities or geographic area as to which it may be enforceable. 
. The Company may require that a Change of Control Participant affirm the requirements of this Article V in connection with
receipt of Change of Control Separation Benefits hereunder
 provided that in no event shall an asserted violation of the provisions of this Article V constitute a basis for deferring or withholding any amounts otherwise payable to a Change of
Control Participant under this Plan B. 
6.1
. This Plan shall bind any successor of the Company
 its assets or its businesses (whether direct or indirect
 by purchase
 merger
 consolidation or otherwise)
 in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be
obligated under this Plan B if no succession had taken place. The Company will require any successor (whether direct or indirect
 by purchase
 merger
 consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business and/or assets of the
Company to assume expressly and to honor this Plan B in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to honor it if no such succession had taken place. The term &#147;Company
&#148; as used in this Plan B
 shall mean the
Company as hereinbefore defined and any successor or assignee to the business or assets which by reason hereof becomes bound by this Plan B. 
. The Plan may be terminated or amended in any respect by resolution adopted by the Committee
 provided
that this Plan B may not
 without the consent of all Change of Control Participants
 be terminated or amended in any manner which would adversely affect the rights or potential rights of Change of Control Participants unless (i)&nbsp;such
termination or amendment takes effect only upon the first anniversary of its adoption (and becomes null and void in the event of a Change of Control prior to such first anniversary) and (ii)&nbsp;such termination or amendment is not adopted in
connection with
 in anticipation of
 during the six-month period prior to
 or during the two-year period (or such longer period as is necessary to ensure that all potential obligations under this Plan B have been satisfied) following a Change of
. The Company agrees to pay as incurred (within 10 days following the Company&#146;s receipt of an invoice
from the applicable Change of Control Participant)
 at any time from the date of a Change of Control through such Change of Control Participant&#146;s remaining lifetime (or
 if longer
 through the
 anniversary of the Change of Control)
 to the full extent permitted by law
 all legal fees and expenses which a Change of Control Participant may reasonably incur as a result of any contest
(regardless of the outcome thereof) by the Company
 such Change of Control Participant or others of the validity or enforceability of
 or liability under
 any provision of this Plan B or any guarantee of performance thereof (including as a result of
any contest by the Change of Control Participant about the amount of any payment pursuant to this Plan B)
 plus in each case Interest on any delayed payment; 



provided
 however
 that in connection with a contest initiated by a Change of Control Participant related to an Anticipatory Termination
 if a Change of Control has not occurred during the
pendency of such contest relating to an Anticipatory Termination (and unless and until such time as a Change of Control does occur during the 12 months following the date of such Anticipatory Termination)
 the Company shall not pay such legal fees
and expenses as incurred
 but shall reimburse the Change of Control Participant for such legal fees and expenses within 30 days following the final resolution of such contest if the Executive substantially prevails in such contest. In order to
comply with Section&nbsp;409A
 in no event shall payments by the Company under this Section&nbsp;6.3 be made later than the end of the calendar year next following the calendar year in which the applicable fees and expenses were incurred (or
 in
connection with a contest related to an Anticipatory Termination where such fees are reimbursable due to the resolution of such contest
 following the calendar year in which such contest is finally resolved)
 provided that the applicable Change of
Control Participant shall have submitted an invoice for such fees and expenses at least 10 days before the end of the calendar year next following the calendar year in which such fees and expenses were incurred (or
 in connection with a contest
related to an Anticipatory Termination where such fees are reimbursable due to the resolution of such contest
 following the calendar year in which such contest is finally resolved). The amount of such legal fees and expenses that the Company is
obligated to pay in any given calendar year shall not affect the legal fees and expenses that the Company is obligated to pay in any other calendar year
 and a Change of Control Participant&#146;s right to have the Company pay such legal fees and
. Notwithstanding anything else contained
herein
 the Company shall not be required to make any payment or take any other action prohibited by law
 including
 but not limited to
 any regulation
 directive
 or order of federal or state regulatory authorities. 
. If notice is to be provided to the Company pursuant to the terms of this Plan B
 such notice shall be delivered to the
Senior Vice President of Human Resources
 or if otherwise designated
Employment
Status
 the Company
 or any Affiliate of the Company any obligation to retain any Change of Control Participant as an employee. 
. The Company may withhold from any amounts payable under this Plan B such Federal
 state
 local or foreign taxes as
. The invalidity or unenforceability
of any provision of this Plan B shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Plan B
 which shall remain in full force and effect
 and any prohibition or unenforceability in any jurisdiction shall not invalidate or
render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction. The captions of this Plan B are not part of the provisions hereof and shall have no force or effect. Neither a Change of Control Participant&#146;s nor the Company&#146;s failure to
insist upon strict compliance with any provision of this Plan B or the failure to assert any right a Change of Control Participant or the Company may have hereunder
 including
 without limitation
 the right of the Change of Control Participant to
terminate employment for Good Reason
 shall not be deemed to be a waiver of such provision or right or any other provision or right of this Plan B. 
. This Plan B is not subject to ERISA. This Plan B shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
the State of Minnesota
. This Plan B is intended to
comply with the requirements of Section&nbsp;409A of the Code or an exemption or exclusion therefrom and shall in all respects be interpreted and administered in accordance with Section&nbsp;409A of the Code. If any provision of the Plan would
otherwise conflict with or frustrate this intent
 that provision will be interpreted and deemed amended so as to avoid the conflict. Each payment under this Plan B shall be treated as a separate payment for purposes of Section&nbsp;409A of the Code.
In no event may a Participant
 directly or indirectly
 designate the calendar year of any payment to be made under this Plan B. All reimbursements and in-kind benefits provided under this Plan B shall be made or provided in accordance with the
requirements of Section&nbsp;409A of the Code
 including
 without limitation
 that (i)&nbsp;in no event shall reimbursements by the Company under this Plan B be made later than the end of the calendar year next following the calendar year in which
the applicable fees and expenses were incurred
 provided
 that the applicable Participant shall have submitted an invoice for such fees and expenses at least 10 days before the end of the calendar year next following the calendar year in which such
fees and expenses were incurred; (ii)&nbsp;the amount of in-kind benefits that the Company is obligated to pay or provide in any given calendar year shall not affect the in-kind benefits that the Company is obligated to pay or provide in any other
calendar year; (iii)&nbsp;the applicable Participant&#146;s right to have the Company pay or provide such reimbursements and in-kind benefits may not be liquidated or exchanged for any other benefit; and (iv)&nbsp;in no event shall the
Company&#146;s obligations to make such reimbursements or to provide such in-kind benefits apply later than the applicable Participant&#146;s remaining lifetime (or if longer
 through the 20th anniversary of the Date of Termination). 













 






























In Millions
 Except Ratios

May 25




May 26




May 27




May 29




May 30










2
655.0


































































Plus: Amortization of capitalized interest
 net of interest capitalized



























3
134.5





































































































































































For purposes of computing the ratio of earnings to fixed charges
 earnings represent earnings before income taxes and
after-tax earnings of joint ventures
 distributed income of equity investees
 fixed charges
 and amortization of capitalized interest
 net of interest capitalized. Fixed charges represent gross interest expense (excluding interest on taxes) and
subsidiary preferred distributions to noncontrolling interest holders
 plus one-third (the proportion deemed representative of the interest factor) of rent expense. 













 


























































































































































































































































































































































































































 Republic of














 NYON




















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































 Republic of


















 

General Mills
 Inc.:
 and 333-179621)
on Form S-3 and registration statements (Nos. 2-50327
 2-53523
 2-95574
 33-27628
 33-32059
 333-32509
 333-90012
 333-109050
 333-131195
 333-139997
 333-148820
 333-163849
 and 333-179622) on Form S-8 of General Mills
 Inc. of our report dated
July&nbsp;3
 2014
 with respect to the consolidated balance sheets of General Mills
 Inc. as of May&nbsp;25
 2014 and May&nbsp;26
 2013
 and the related consolidated statements of earnings
 comprehensive income
 total equity and redeemable interest
and cash flows for each of the fiscal years in the three-year period ended May&nbsp;25
 2014
 and the related financial statement schedule
 and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of May&nbsp;25
 2014
 which report
appears in the May&nbsp;25
 of General Mills
 Inc. 

July&nbsp;3
 2014 













 


 Kendall J. Powell
 certify that: 




 Inc.; 




 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 




 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 




control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules&nbsp;13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 





 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its
consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 





 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 





 as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 





in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and 





 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 





process
 summarize and report financial information; and 





 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 






 2014
























 


 Donal L. Mulligan
 certify that: 




 Inc.; 




 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such
statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 




 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report; 




control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules&nbsp;13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 





 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its
consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 





 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 





 as of the end of
the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 





in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting; and 





 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
 to the registrant&#146;s auditors and the audit committee of the
registrant&#146;s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 





process
 summarize and report financial information; and 





 whether or not material
 that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&#146;s internal control over financial reporting. 






 2014
























 


 Kendall J. Powell
 Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of General Mills
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 certify
 pursuant to
Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 18&nbsp;U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 that: 




 2014
 (the &#147;Report&#148;) fully complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 (15&nbsp;U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and 




 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 






 2014
























 


 Donal L. Mulligan
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of General Mills
 Inc. (the &#147;Company&#148;)
 certify
 pursuant to
Section&nbsp;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 18&nbsp;U.S.C. Section&nbsp;1350
 that: 




 2014
 (the &#147;Report&#148;) fully complies with the requirements of Section&nbsp;13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 (15&nbsp;U.S.C. 78m or 78o(d)); and 




 in all material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 






 2014



























      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      
      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      


      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        
        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      
      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      


      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      




      

        



      
      



    


    




        


        




    


    


    


    


    




        


        




    


    

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  





 we have changed the reporting period of certain countries within our International segment from an April fiscal year end to a May fiscal year end to match our fiscal calendar. Accordingly
 in the year of change


 therefore




  
  
  
  
  

 using the last-in
 first-out (LIFO) method

 using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method
 or market.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;Shipping costs associated with the distribution of finished product to our customers are recorded as cost of sales
 and are recognized when the related finished product is shipped to and accepted by the customer.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;margin-left:0px;&gt;Land
 Buildings
 Equipment

 including capitalized interest and internal engineering costs
 are recorded at cost and depreciated over estimated useful lives
 primarily using the straight-line method. Ordinary maintenance and repairs are charged to cost of sales. Buildings are usually depreciated over 40 to 50 years
 and equipment
 furniture


 if any
 are recognized in earnings. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;May 25
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 assets held for sale were insignificant.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset (or asset group) may not be recoverable. An impairment loss would be recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows from the operation and disposition of the asset group are less than the carrying amount of the asset group. Asset groups have identifiable cash flows and are largely independent of other asset groups. Measurement of an impairment loss would be based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset group over its fair value. Fair value is measured using a discounted cash flow model or independent appraisals

 including goodwill
 to the fair value of the unit. Carrying value is based on the assets and liabilities associated with the operations of that reporting unit
 which often requires allocation of shared or corporate items among reporting units. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 we revalue all assets and liabilities of the reporting unit
 excluding goodwill
 to determine if the fair value of the net assets is greater than the net assets including goodwill. If the fair value of the net assets is less than the carrying amount of net assets including goodwill
 impairment has occurred. Our estimates of fair value are determined based on a discounted cash flow model. Growth rates for sales and profits are determined using inputs from our long-range planning process. We also make estimates of discount rates
 perpetuity growth assumptions

 and other factors. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;We evaluate the useful lives of our other intangible assets
 mainly brands
 to determine if they are finite or indefinite-lived. Reaching a determination on useful life requires significant judgments and assumptions regarding the future effects of obsolescence
 demand
 competition
 other economic factors (such as the stability of the industry
 known technological advances
 legislative action that results in an uncertain or changing regulatory environment
 and expected changes in distribution channels)
 the level of required maintenance expenditures

 over their useful lives









 are also tested for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. We performed our fiscal 2014 assessment of our brand intangibles as of November 25
 2013. Our estimate of the fair value of the brands was based on a discounted cash flow model using inputs which included projected revenues from our long-range plan
 assumed royalty rates that could be payable if we did not own the brands

 primarily acquired franchise agreements and customer relationships


 incur various expenses (primarily research and development)
 and record the tax impact of certain joint venture operations that are structured as partnerships. In addition
 we make advances to our joint ventures in the form of loans or capital investments. We also sell certain raw materials
 semi-finished goods
 and finished goods to the joint ventures
 generally at market prices.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;In addition

 but not limited to
 ongoing&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; operating losses
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; projected decreases in earnings

 royalty rates
 capital spending
 depreciation and taxes

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; and a discount rate. By their nature
 these projections and assumptions are uncertain. If we were to determine the current fair value of our investment was less than the carrying value of the investment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;





 capital spending
 depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; taxes
 foreign currency rates

 trade promotion and other costs
 including estimated allowances for returns
 unsalable product
 and prompt pay discounts. Sales
 use
 value-added
 and other excise taxes are not recognized in revenue. Coupons are recorded when distributed
 based on estimated redemption rates. Trade promotions are recorded based on estimated participation and performance levels for offered programs at the time of sale. We generally do not allow a right of return. However
 on a limited case-by-case basis with prior approval
 we may allow customers to return product. In limited circumstances
 product returned in saleable condition is resold to other customers or outlets. Receivables from customers generally do not bear interest. Terms and collection patterns vary around the world and by channel. The allowance for doubtful accounts represents our estimate of probable non-payments and credit losses in our existing receivables


 and the annual expenditures are comprised primarily of internal salaries
 wages
 consulting
 and other supplies attributable to time spent on R&amp;amp;D activities. Other costs include depreciation and maintenance of research facilities



 and are recorded in either current or noncurrent assets or liabilities based on their maturity. Changes in the fair values of derivatives are recorded in net earnings or other comprehensive income

 if so




&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; or death of eligible employees and directors. We consider a stock-based award to be vested when the employee's retention of the award is no longer contingent on providing subsequent service. Accordingly
 the related compensation cost is recognized immediately for awards granted to retirement-eligible individuals or over the period from the grant date to the date retirement eligibility is achieved
 if less than the stated vesting period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;We report the benefits of tax deductions in excess of recognized compensation cost as a financing cash flow
 thereby reducing net operating cash flows and increasing net financing cash flows.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;font-weight:bold;font-style:italic;margin-left:0px;&gt;Defined Benefit Pension


 health care
 and other welfare benefits to retired employees. Under certain circumstances
 we also provide accruable benefits to former or inactive employees in the United States and Canada and members of our Board of Directors

 disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates include our accounting for promotional expenditures
 valuation of long-lived assets
 intangible assets
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; redeemable interest
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; stock-based compensation
 income taxes
 and defined benefit pension

  

 using the last-in
 first-out (LIFO) method

 using the first-in
 first-out (FIFO) method
 or market.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;Shipping costs associated with the distribution of finished product to our customers are recorded as cost of sales


 Buildings
 Equipment

 including capitalized interest and internal engineering costs
 are recorded at cost and depreciated over estimated useful lives
 primarily using the straight-line method. Ordinary maintenance and repairs are charged to cost of sales. Buildings are usually depreciated over 40 to 50 years
 and equipment
 furniture


 if any
 are recognized in earnings. As of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;May 25
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 assets held for sale were insignificant.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset (or asset group) may not be recoverable. An impairment loss would be recognized when estimated undiscounted future cash flows from the operation and disposition of the asset group are less than the carrying amount of the asset group. Asset groups have identifiable cash flows and are largely independent of other asset groups. Measurement of an impairment loss would be based on the excess of the carrying amount of the asset group over its fair value. Fair value is measured using a discounted cash flow model or independent appraisals


 including goodwill
 to the fair value of the unit. Carrying value is based on the assets and liabilities associated with the operations of that reporting unit
 which often requires allocation of shared or corporate items among reporting units. If the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 we revalue all assets and liabilities of the reporting unit
 excluding goodwill
 to determine if the fair value of the net assets is greater than the net assets including goodwill. If the fair value of the net assets is less than the carrying amount of net assets including goodwill
 impairment has occurred. Our estimates of fair value are determined based on a discounted cash flow model. Growth rates for sales and profits are determined using inputs from our long-range planning process. We also make estimates of discount rates
 perpetuity growth assumptions

 and other factors. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;We evaluate the useful lives of our other intangible assets
 mainly brands
 to determine if they are finite or indefinite-lived. Reaching a determination on useful life requires significant judgments and assumptions regarding the future effects of obsolescence
 demand
 competition
 other economic factors (such as the stability of the industry
 known technological advances
 legislative action that results in an uncertain or changing regulatory environment
 and expected changes in distribution channels)
 the level of required maintenance expenditures

 over their useful lives









 are also tested for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. We performed our fiscal 2014 assessment of our brand intangibles as of November 25
 2013. Our estimate of the fair value of the brands was based on a discounted cash flow model using inputs which included projected revenues from our long-range plan
 assumed royalty rates that could be payable if we did not own the brands

 primarily acquired franchise agreements and customer relationships


  
  

 incur various expenses (primarily research and development)
 and record the tax impact of certain joint venture operations that are structured as partnerships. In addition
 we make advances to our joint ventures in the form of loans or capital investments. We also sell certain raw materials
 semi-finished goods
 and finished goods to the joint ventures
 generally at market prices.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;In addition

 but not limited to
 ongoing&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; operating losses
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; projected decreases in earnings

 royalty rates
 capital spending
 depreciation and taxes

&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; and a discount rate. By their nature
 these projections and assumptions are uncertain. If we were to determine the current fair value of our investment was less than the carrying value of the investment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;





 capital spending
 depreciation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; taxes
 foreign currency rates


 trade promotion and other costs
 including estimated allowances for returns
 unsalable product
 and prompt pay discounts. Sales
 use
 value-added
 and other excise taxes are not recognized in revenue. Coupons are recorded when distributed
 based on estimated redemption rates. Trade promotions are recorded based on estimated participation and performance levels for offered programs at the time of sale. We generally do not allow a right of return. However
 on a limited case-by-case basis with prior approval
 we may allow customers to return product. In limited circumstances
 product returned in saleable condition is resold to other customers or outlets. Receivables from customers generally do not bear interest. Terms and collection patterns vary around the world and by channel. The allowance for doubtful accounts represents our estimate of probable non-payments and credit losses in our existing receivables



  

 and the annual expenditures are comprised primarily of internal salaries
 wages
 consulting
 and other supplies attributable to time spent on R&amp;amp;D activities. Other costs include depreciation and maintenance of research facilities





 and are recorded in either current or noncurrent assets or liabilities based on their maturity. Changes in the fair values of derivatives are recorded in net earnings or other comprehensive income

 if so





&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; or death of eligible employees and directors. We consider a stock-based award to be vested when the employee's retention of the award is no longer contingent on providing subsequent service. Accordingly
 the related compensation cost is recognized immediately for awards granted to retirement-eligible individuals or over the period from the grant date to the date retirement eligibility is achieved
 if less than the stated vesting period.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;We report the benefits of tax deductions in excess of recognized compensation cost as a financing cash flow




 health care
 and other welfare benefits to retired employees. Under certain circumstances
 we also provide accruable benefits to former or inactive employees in the United States and Canada and members of our Board of Directors


 disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
 and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates include our accounting for promotional expenditures
 valuation of long-lived assets
 intangible assets
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; redeemable interest
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; stock-based compensation
 income taxes
 and defined benefit pension

  
  
  
  
  
  
  


&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; subject to a working capital adjustment

 2012

 a privately held food company headquartered in Sao Bernardo do Campo
 Brazil
 for an aggregate purchase price of $939.8 million

 including snacks
 convenient meals
 basic foods

  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 IMPAIRMENT

 the project begins to deliver cash savings and/or reduced depreciation. These activities result in various restructuring costs

 exit charges including severance
 contract termination fees
 and decommissioning and other costs. Depreciation associated with restructured assets&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 we r&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;ecorded restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs pursuant to approved plans as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 388px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:388px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Expense



 we recorded restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs pursuant to approved plans as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 391px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:391px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Expense




 we&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; recorded restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs pursuant to approved plans as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 391px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:391px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Expense

 we recorded a $100.6 million restructuring charge related to a productivity and cost savings plan approved in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012. The plan was designed to improve organizational effectiveness and focus on key growth strategies
 and included organizational changes to strengthen business alignment and actions to accelerate administrative efficiencies across all of our operating segments and support functions. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;In connection with this initiative
 we eliminated approximately 850 positions globally. The restructuring charge consisted of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;$87.6 million of employee severance expense and a non-cash charge of $13.0 million related to the write-off of certain long-lived assets in our U.S. Retail segment. All of our operating segments and support functions were affected by these actions including $69.9 million related to our U.S. Retail segment
 $12.2 million related to our Convenience Stores and Foodservice segment
 $9.5 million related to our International segment
 and $9.0 million related to our administrative functions. In &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;fiscal 2012

 included in other current liabilities

Termination&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 11px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:11px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 61px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:61px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Other


 including foreign


 including foreign


 including foreign


 asset impairment charges
 the gain or loss on the sale of&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; restructured assets



 we r&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;ecorded restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs pursuant to approved plans as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 388px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:388px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Expense

 we recorded restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs pursuant to approved plans as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 391px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:391px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Expense

 we&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; recorded restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs pursuant to approved plans as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 391px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:391px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Expense

  
  

Termination&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 11px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:11px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 61px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:61px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Other


 including foreign


 including foreign


 including foreign


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 23px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:23px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 50px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:50px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26




494.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 50px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:50px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2
552.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2

030.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:2px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 50px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:50px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
057.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:2px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 23px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:23px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 50px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:50px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26


129.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 23px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:23px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 50px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:50px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

779.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 23px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:23px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 50px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:50px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

  
  
  

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 23px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:23px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 50px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:50px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




494.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 50px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:50px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2
552.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2

030.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:2px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 50px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:50px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
057.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:2px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 23px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:23px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 50px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:50px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26


129.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 23px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:23px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 50px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:50px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

779.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 23px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:23px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 50px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:50px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 22px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:22px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 59px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:59px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26



504.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 22px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:22px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 59px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:59px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 4

 customer relationships

014.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 22px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:22px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 59px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:59px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 5


637.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;B&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;ased on the carrying value of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;finite-lived intangible assets as of &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;May 2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 201&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:inherit;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;




616.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 195px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:195px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Other activity

 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 1px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:1px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 56px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:56px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 5



 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 1px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:1px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 56px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:56px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 5
841.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 1px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:1px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 77px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:77px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1







 2013

 we will continue to monitor these businesses.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:10pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;The changes in the carrying amount of other intangible assets for fiscal 2012
 2013






108.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 202px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:202px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Other activity

 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 75px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:75px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 3
297.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 4px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:4px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 15px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 78px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:78px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1



 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 75px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:75px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 3
312.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 4px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:4px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 15px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 78px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:78px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

015.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 202px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:202px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Other activity




014.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:10pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;We performed our fiscal 2014 impairment assessment as of November 25
 2013. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of our assessment date
 there was no impairment of any of our indefinite-lived intangible assets as their related fair values were substantially in excess of the carrying values



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 22px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:22px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 59px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:59px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26



504.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 22px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:22px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 59px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:59px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 4

 customer relationships

014.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 22px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:22px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 59px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:59px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 5



  
  
  
  
  
  
  




616.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 195px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:195px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Other activity

 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 1px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:1px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 56px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:56px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 5



 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 1px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:1px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 56px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:56px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 5
841.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 1px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:1px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 77px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:77px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1







  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  






108.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 202px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:202px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Other activity

 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 75px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:75px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 3
297.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 4px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:4px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 15px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 78px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:78px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1



 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 75px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:75px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 3
312.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 4px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:4px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 15px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 78px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:78px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

015.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 202px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:202px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Other activity





  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



 receivables
 accounts payable
 other current liabilities
 and notes payable approximate fair value. Marketable securities are carried at fair value. As of May 25
 2014
 and May 26
 2013

 the security's maturity date
 or both. The aggregate unrealized gains and losses on available-for-sale securities
 net of tax effects


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 including the current portion
 were $8
188.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; million and $7

 respectively
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; as of May 25


 we may enter into various derivative transactions (e.g.
 futures
 options

 including grains (oats
 wheat
 and corn)
 oils (principally soybean)

 natural gas
 and diesel fuel. Our primary objective when entering into these derivative contracts is to achieve certainty with regard to the future price of commodities purchased for use in our supply chain. We manage our exposures through a combination of purchase orders
 long-term contracts with suppliers
 exchange-traded futures and options
 and over-the-counter options and swaps. We offset our exposures based on current and projected market conditions and generally seek to acquire the inputs at as close to our planned cost as possible.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;We use derivatives to manage our exposure to changes in commodity prices. We do not perform the assessments required to achieve hedge accounting for commodity derivative positions. Accordingly
 the changes in the values of these derivatives are recorded currently in cost of sales in our Consolidated Statements of Earnings. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:10.5pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;Although we do not meet the criteria for cash flow hedge accounting
 we nonetheless believe that these instruments are effective in achieving our objective of providing certainty in the future price of commodities purchased for use in our supply chain. Accordingly
 for purposes of measuring segment operating performance these gains and losses are reported in unallocated corporate items outside of segment operating results until such time that the exposure we are managing affects earnings. At that time we reclassify the gain or loss from unallocated corporate items to segment operating profit
 allowing our operating segments to realize the economic effects of the derivative without experiencing any resulting mark-to-market volatility




 2014


 LIBOR

 and commercial paper rates in the United States and Europe. We use interest rate swaps
 forward-starting interest rate swaps
 and treasury locks to hedge our exposure to interest rate changes
 to reduce the volatility of our financing costs
 and to achieve a desired proportion of fixed versus floating-rate debt
 based on current and projected market conditions. Generally under these swaps


 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 we entered into $250.0 million of treasury locks with an average fixed rate of 1.99 percent. All of these treasury locks were cash settled for $17.9 million during the third quarter of fiscal 2014

 we entered into swaps to convert $250.0 million of 0.875 percent fixed-rate notes due January&amp;#160;29
 2016
 to floating rates. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:10.5pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;As of May 25
 2014











Balance Sheet (e)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 64px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:64px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 64px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:64px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 61px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:61px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 64px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:64px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 64px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:64px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2  style=width: 128px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:128px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 8pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Gross Amounts Not Offset in the



     exchange


Balance Sheet (e)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 64px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:64px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 64px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:64px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 64px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:64px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 64px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:64px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 64px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:64px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2  style=width: 128px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:128px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 8pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Gross Amounts Not Offset in the



     exchange

 intercompany loans
 product shipments
 and foreign-denominated commercial paper. We are also exposed to the translation of foreign currency earnings to the U.S. dollar. Our principal exposures are to the Australian dollar
 Brazilian real
 British pound sterling
 Canadian dollar

 euro
 Japanese yen
 Swiss franc
 and Mexican peso. We mainly use foreign currency forward contracts to selectively hedge our foreign currency cash flow exposures. We also generally swap our foreign-denominated commercial paper borrowings and nonfunctional currency intercompany loans back to U.S. dollars or the functional currency of the entity with foreign exchange exposure; the gains or losses on these derivatives offset the foreign currency revaluation gains or losses recorded in earnings on the associated borrowings. We generally do not hedge more than 18 months forward.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;As of May 25
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 we entered into a net investment hedge for a portion of our net investment in foreign operations denominated in euros by issuing &amp;#8364;500.0&amp;#160;million of euro-denominated bonds. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;As of May 25
 2014



 2014


 liabilities
 net sales

 2014

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 liabilities

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; and May 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 210px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:210px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8  style=width: 253px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:253px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;May 25
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 4px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:4px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8  style=width: 256px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:256px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;May 25




 liabilities
 and derivative


 other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; or other liabilities
 as appropriate

 as appropriate

 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 4px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:4px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8  style=width: 253px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:253px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;May 26




 liabilities
 and derivative



 as appropriate

 as appropriate

 fair value hedges
 and other derivatives not designated as hedging instruments for the fiscal years ended May 25
 2014
 and May 26
 2013


 Relationships:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 36px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:36px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 35px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:35px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 35px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 226px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:226px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 8pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;  Amount of gain recognized in other



 Relationships:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 36px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:36px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 35px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:35px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 30px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 226px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:226px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 8pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;  Amount of net gain recognized








 2014

 2014


 2014

 2014

 Wal-Mart Stores

 2014
 Wal-Mart accounted for 31&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; percent of our U.S. Retail receivables
 5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; percent of our International receivables

 the five largest customers in our International segment accounted for 25 percent of its fiscal 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; net sales

 foreign exchange
 and certain commodity and equity derivatives
 primarily with a diversified group of highly rated counterparties. We continually monitor our positions and the credit ratings of the counterparties involved and
 by policy
 limit the amount of credit exposure to any one party. These transactions may expose us to potential losses due to the risk of nonperformance by these counterparties; however
 we have not incurred a material loss. We also enter into commodity futures transactions through various regulated exchanges.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;The amount of loss due to the credit risk of the counterparties
 should the counterparties fail to perform according to the terms of the contracts


 the third party
 or any financial institutions concerning this service. All of our accounts payable remain as obligations to our suppliers as stated in our supplier agreements. As of May 25
 2014

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  











  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


Balance Sheet (e)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 64px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:64px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 64px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:64px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 61px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:61px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 64px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:64px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 64px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:64px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2  style=width: 128px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:128px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 8pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Gross Amounts Not Offset in the



     exchange


Balance Sheet (e)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 64px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:64px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 64px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:64px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 64px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:64px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 64px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:64px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 64px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:64px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2  style=width: 128px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:128px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 8pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Gross Amounts Not Offset in the



     exchange

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 4px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:4px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8  style=width: 256px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:256px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;May 25




 liabilities
 and derivative


 other current liabilities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; or other liabilities
 as appropriate

 as appropriate

 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 4px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:4px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8  style=width: 253px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:253px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;May 26




 liabilities
 and derivative



 as appropriate

 as appropriate

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 Relationships:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 36px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:36px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 35px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:35px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 35px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 226px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:226px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 8pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;  Amount of gain recognized in other



 Relationships:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 36px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:36px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 35px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:35px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 44px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:44px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 30px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 226px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:226px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 8pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;  Amount of net gain recognized








  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 30px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:30px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3  style=width: 149px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:149px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;May 26

Payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 7px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:7px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 84px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:84px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Weighted-
Average
Interest Rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 30px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:30px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 67px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:67px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Notes
Payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 77px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:77px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Weighted-
Average





 we entered into a $1.0 billion fee-paid committed credit facility that is scheduled to expire in May 2019. Concurrent with the execution of this credit facility
 we terminated our credit facility that provided $1.0 billion of revolving credit which was scheduled to expire in April 2015.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;The credit facilities contain covenants



 we issued $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.65 percent fixed-rate notes due February&amp;#160;15
 2024 and $250.0 million aggregate principal amount of floating-rate notes due January&amp;#160;28
 2016. Interest on the fixed-rate notes is payable semi-annually in arrears. The fixed-rate notes may be redeemed in whole
 or in part
 at our option at any time prior to November&amp;#160;15
 2023 for a specified make whole amount and any time on or after that date at par. The floating-rate notes bear interest equal to three-month LIBOR plus 20 basis points
 subject to quarterly reset. Interest on the floating-rate notes is payable quarterly in arrears. The floating-rate notes are not redeemable prior to maturity. The fixed-rate and floating-rate notes are senior unsecured obligations that include a change of control repurchase provision. The net proceeds were used for general corporate purposes and to reduce our commercial paper borrowings. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:10.5pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;In November 2013
 we issued &amp;#8364;500.0&amp;#160;million aggregate principal amount of 2.1 percent fixed-rate notes due November&amp;#160;16
 2020. Interest on the notes is payable annually in arrears. The notes may be redeemed in whole
 or in part
 at our option at any time prior to August&amp;#160;16
 2020 for a specified make whole amount and any time on or after that date at par. These notes are senior unsecured obligations that include a change of control repurchase provision. The net proceeds were used for general corporate purposes and to reduce our commercial paper borrowings. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:10.5pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;In January 2013
 we issued $250.0 million aggregate principal amount of floating-rate notes due January&amp;#160;29
 2016. In October 2013
 we issued an additional $250.0 million aggregate principal amount of these notes. The notes bear interest equal to three-month LIBOR plus 30 basis points
 subject to quarterly reset. Interest on the notes is payable quarterly in arrears. The notes are not redeemable prior to maturity. These notes are senior unsecured obligations that include a change of control repurchase provision. The net proceeds were used to reduce our commercial paper borrowings.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:10.5pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;In August 2013
 we repaid $700.0 million of 5.25 percent notes.  &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:10.5pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;In January 2013

 2016 and $500.0 million 4.15 percent notes due February&amp;#160;15

 2016 may be redeemed in whole
 or in part

 2043 may be redeemed in whole
 or in part
 at our option at any time prior to August&amp;#160;15

 we repaid $520.8 million of 5.65 percent notes.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;Certain of our long-term debt agreements contain restrictive covenants. As of May 25
 2014
 we were in compliance with all of these covenants.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;As of May 25
 2014

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 22px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:22px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 317px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:317px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: left;&gt;5.65% notes due February 15


150.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 317px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:317px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: left;&gt;5.7% notes due February 15
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 89px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:89px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
000.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 22px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:22px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
000.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 317px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:317px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: left;&gt;3.15% notes due December 15
 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 89px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:89px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
000.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 22px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:22px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
000.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 317px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:317px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: left;&gt;5.2% notes due March 17












 0.02% to 6.4%


674.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 22px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:22px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 7

250.6)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 22px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:22px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; (1



 our intent to redeem
 or put rights of certain note holders are &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;$1
250.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; million in fiscal 2015
 $1
000.6 million in fiscal 2016
 $1
000.0 million in fiscal 2017
 $100.0 million in fiscal 2018



 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 30px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:30px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3  style=width: 149px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:149px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;May 26

Payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 7px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:7px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 84px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:84px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Weighted-
Average
Interest Rate&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 30px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:30px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 67px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:67px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Notes
Payable&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 77px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:77px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Weighted-
Average



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 22px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:22px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 317px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:317px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: left;&gt;5.65% notes due February 15


150.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 317px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:317px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: left;&gt;5.7% notes due February 15
 2017&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 89px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:89px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
000.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 22px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:22px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
000.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 317px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:317px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: left;&gt;3.15% notes due December 15
 2021&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 89px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:89px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
000.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 22px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:22px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
000.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 317px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:317px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: left;&gt;5.2% notes due March 17












 0.02% to 6.4%


674.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 22px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:22px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 7

250.6)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 22px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:22px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; (1



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

month

  

month

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  










 2014

 a subsidiary of Yoplait S.A.S. has entered into an exclusive milk supply agreement for its European operations with Sodiaal at market-determined prices through July 1









 stock
 inventory
 cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; and certain intellectual property to a wholly owned subsidiary.&amp;#160;GMC retained the remaining intellectual property.&amp;#160;Immediately following the restructuring

 currently equal to the sum of three-month LIBOR plus 110 basis &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;points

 the assets
 liabilities
 results of o&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;perations

 2014

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 without par value
 is authorized but unissued.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;On June 28
 2010

 2014

 including the use of call options and other derivative instruments
 Rule 10b5-1 trading plans
 and accelerated repurchase programs. The authorization has no specified termination date.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;During fiscal 2014
 we repurchased 35.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; million shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $1
774.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; million. During fiscal 2013
 we repurchased 24.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; million shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $1
014.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; million. During fiscal 2012



 2013
 we recorded this transaction as an increase in treasury stock of $270.0 million


 including earnings
  attributable to redeemable and





 including earnings
  attributable to redeemable and





 including earnings
  attributable to redeemable and





 2013

 e&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;xcept for reclassifications to earnings

 net of tax effects

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 61px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:61px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26

 other postretirement

469.2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 61px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:61px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; (1



  

 including earnings
  attributable to redeemable and





 including earnings
  attributable to redeemable and





 including earnings
  attributable to redeemable and





  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 61px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:61px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26

 other postretirement

469.2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 61px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:61px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; (1



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2014


 restricted stock units

 stock appreciation rights

 2003
 2005
 &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;2006
 2007


 termination

 we make predictive assumptions regarding future stock price volatility
 employee exercise behavior
 dividend yield&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 which requires us to make predictive assumptions regarding future stock price volatility
 employee exercise behavior
 and dividend yield. We estimate our future stock price volatility using the historical volatility over the expected term of the option
 excluding time periods of volatility we believe a marketplace participant would exclude in estimating our stock price volatility. We also have considered
 but did not use
 implied volatility in our estimate
 because trading activity in options on our stock
 especially those with tenors of greater than 6 months

 if any
 and then charged directly to income tax expense



Price Per Share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 169px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:169px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Balance as of May 29
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 78px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:78px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt; 39




 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 78px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:78px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt; 39




 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 78px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:78px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt; 29




 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 78px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:78px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt; 29


 $17.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; million in fiscal 2013

 Restricted Stock Units
 and Cash-Settled Share-Based Units&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;Stock and units settled in stock subject to a restricted period and a purchase price
 if any (as determined by the Compensation&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; Committee of the Board of Directors)


 but not restricted stock units

Grant-Date

Grant-Date

Grant-Date
Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 190px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:190px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Non-vested as of May 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 11px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:11px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 72px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:72px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 8





 expired

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 11px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:11px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 72px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:72px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 7

144.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2
404.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2


 2014




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 which requires us to make predictive assumptions regarding future stock price volatility
 employee exercise behavior
 and dividend yield. We estimate our future stock price volatility using the historical volatility over the expected term of the option
 excluding time periods of volatility we believe a marketplace participant would exclude in estimating our stock price volatility. We also have considered
 but did not use
 implied volatility in our estimate
 because trading activity in options on our stock
 especially those with tenors of greater than 6 months
 is insufficient to provide a reliable measure of expected volatility.

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


Price Per Share&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 169px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:169px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Balance as of May 29
 2011&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 78px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:78px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt; 39




 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 78px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:78px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt; 39




 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 78px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:78px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt; 29




 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 78px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:78px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt; 29


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Grant-Date

Grant-Date

Grant-Date
Fair Value&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 190px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:190px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Non-vested as of May 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 11px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:11px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 72px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:72px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 8





 expired

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 11px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:11px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 72px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:2px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:72px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 7

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

144.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2
404.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  





 restricted stock units






 restricted stock units

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Canad&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;a


 we announced changes to our U.S. defined benefit pension plans. All new salaried employees hired on or after June 1




 plan design
 overall industry experience and projections
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;assumptions used by other similar organizations. Our initial health care cost trend rate is adjusted as necessary to remain consistent with this review
 recent experiences

 as necessary

Percentage
Point
Increase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 69px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:69px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;One
Percentage
Point


 as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 we also provide accruable benefits to former or inactive employees in the United States
 Canada
 and Mexico
 and members of our Board of Directors


 and postemployment benefit plans is presented below:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 50px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 229px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:229px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 11px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:11px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 120px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:120px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Defined Benefit
Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 11px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:11px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 122px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:122px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Other
Postretirement
Benefit Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 11px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:11px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 108px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:108px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Postemployment















 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 and &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;$4


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;

Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 10px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:10px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 108px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:108px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Other Postretirement
Benefit Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 10px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:10px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 95px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:95px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Postemployment





 accumulated other





Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 121px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:121px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Other Postretirement
Benefit Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 106px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:106px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Postemployment

070.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1




Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 91px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:91px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Other
Postretirement
Benefit Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 97px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:97px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Postemployment

Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 130px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:130px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Other Postretirement
Benefit Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 134px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:134px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Postemployment

Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6  style=width: 170px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:170px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Other Postretirement
Benefit Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6  style=width: 170px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:170px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Postemployment


 other &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;postretirement

 other &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;postretirement
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; and postemployment benefit plan income and expense for the following fiscal year. We work with our outside actuaries to determine the timing and amount of expected future cash outflows to plan participants and

 to develop a forward interest rate curve


 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 by asset category were as follows:&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;margin-top:20px;&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 20px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 233px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:233px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8  style=width: 260px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:260px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;May 25
 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8  style=width: 284px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:284px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;May 26

















 mutual funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 privately held securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; and private equity partnerships valued at unit values or net asset values provided by the investment managers

 most recent financing
 and e&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;xpected cash flows. For some of these investments

 fixed income pricing models&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 private securities
 and limited partnerships valued at unit values or net asset values provided by the investment managers

 fixed income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;






 Sales
Issuances
 and
Settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 74px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:74px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Net
Gain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 87px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:87px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Balance as of May 25


May 27
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 67px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:67px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Net Transfers
Out&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 112px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:112px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Net Purchases
 Sales
Issuances
 and
Settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 74px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:74px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Net
Gain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 87px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:87px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Balance as of
May 26



 2014


 our historical long-term investment performance
 our estimate of future long-term returns by asset class (using input from our actuaries
 investment services
 and investment managers)
 and long-term inflation assumptions. We review this assumption annually for each plan
 however
 our annual investment performance for one particular year does not
 by itself

Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 18px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:18px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 158px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:158px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Other Postretirement

 the portfolios are further diversified across investment styles and investment organizations. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;For the defined benefit pension plans
 the long-term investment policy allocation is: 25 percent to equities in the United States; 15 percent to international equities; 10 percent to private equities; 35 percent to fixed income; and 15 percent to real assets (real estate
 energy
 and timber). For other postretirement benefit plans
 the long-term investment policy allocations are: 30 percent to equities in the United States; 20 percent to international equities; 10 percent to private equities; 30 percent to fixed income; and 10 percent to real assets (real estate
 energy



 as influenced by our decision to undertake discretionary funding of our benefit trusts and future changes in regulatory requirements. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;Estimated benefit payments
 which reflect expected future service
 as appropriate

Benefit
Pension
Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 94px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:94px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Other
Postretirement
Benefit Plans
Gross Payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Medicare
Subsidy
Receipts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 99px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:99px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Postemployment
Benefit


 hourly
 nonunion

 including a Company stock fund and an Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP). We sponsor another money purchase plan for certain domestic hourly employees with net assets of $20.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; million as of May 25
 2014
 and $19.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; million as of May 26
 2013. We also sponsor defined contribution plans in many of our foreign locations. Our total recognized expense related to defined contribution plans was $44.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; million in fiscal 2014
 $46.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; million in fiscal 2013

 2014
 and 9.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; million as of May 26

 2014
 and May 26

  
  
  
  
  
  

Percentage
Point
Increase&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 69px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:69px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;One
Percentage
Point


  
  
  
  

Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 11px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:11px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 122px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:122px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Other
Postretirement
Benefit Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 11px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:11px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 108px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:108px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Postemployment














  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 10px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:10px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 108px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:108px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Other Postretirement
Benefit Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 10px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:10px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 95px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:95px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Postemployment





 accumulated other





  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 121px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:121px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Other Postretirement
Benefit Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 106px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:106px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Postemployment

070.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 91px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:91px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Other
Postretirement
Benefit Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 97px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:97px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Postemployment

  
  
  
  
  
  

Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 130px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:130px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Other Postretirement
Benefit Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 134px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:134px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Postemployment

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6  style=width: 170px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:170px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Other Postretirement
Benefit Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=6  style=width: 170px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:170px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Postemployment


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=8  style=width: 284px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:284px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;May 26

















 mutual funds&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 privately held securities&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; and private equity partnerships valued at unit values or net asset values provided by the investment managers

 most recent financing
 and e&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;xpected cash flows. For some of these investments

 fixed income pricing models&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;


 private securities
 and limited partnerships valued at unit values or net asset values provided by the investment managers

 fixed income&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 Sales
Issuances
 and
Settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 74px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:74px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Net
Gain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 87px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:87px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Balance as of May 25


May 27
 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 67px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:67px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Net Transfers
Out&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 112px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:112px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Net Purchases
 Sales
Issuances
 and
Settlements&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 74px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:74px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Net
Gain&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 8px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:8px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 87px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:87px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Balance as of
May 26



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Pension Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 18px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:18px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 6px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:6px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=4  style=width: 158px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:158px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: center;&gt;Other Postretirement

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Benefit
Pension
Plans&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 94px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:94px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Other
Postretirement
Benefit Plans
Gross Payments&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Medicare
Subsidy
Receipts&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 2px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:2px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 21px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:21px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 99px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:99px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Postemployment
Benefit


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  











 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 65px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:65px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26

 partnership

360.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 65px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:65px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

139.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 65px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:65px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

373.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 65px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:65px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

 partnership

731.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 65px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:65px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2


261.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;We have established a valuation allowance against certain of the categories of deferred tax assets described above as current evidence does not suggest we will realize sufficient taxable income of the appropriate character (e.g.


 2014



 as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010.  During fiscal 2013


 we restructured GMC through the distribution of its manufacturing assets
 stock
 inventory
 cash&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;
&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; and certain intellectual property to a wholly owned subsidiary. GMC retained the remaining intellectual property. Immediately following this restructuring

 we recorded a $63.3 million decrease to deferred income tax liabilities related to the tax basis of the investment in GMC and certain distributed assets

 local
 and foreign jurisdictions. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;A number of years may elapse before an uncertain tax position is audited and finally resolved. While it is often difficult to predict the final outcome or the timing of resolution of any particular uncertain tax position
 we believe that our liabilities for income taxes reflect the most likely outcome. We adjust these liabilities
 as well as the related interest

 which vary by jurisdiction


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;
 we have effectively settled all issues with the IRS for fiscal years 2008 and prior.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;During fiscal 2014

 2014


 excluding accrued interest

 if recognized



 2014



 2014. For fiscal 2013



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  









  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 65px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:65px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26

 partnership

360.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 65px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:65px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

139.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 65px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:65px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

373.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 65px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:65px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

 partnership

731.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 65px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:65px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



 insurance

Leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 63px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:63px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Capital

 2014
 we have issued guarantees and comfort letters of $340.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; million for the debt and other obligations of consolidated subsidiaries
 and guarantees and comfort letters of $283.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt; million for the debt and other obligations of non-consolidated affiliates
 mainly CPW. In addition
 off-balance sheet arrangements are generally limited to the future payments under non-cancelable operating leases


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

Leases&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 63px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:63px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;Capital

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




 mass merchandisers
 membership stores
 natural food chains
 and drug
 dollar and discount chains operating throughout the United States. Our product categories in this business segment include ready-to-eat cereals
 refrigerated yogurt
 ready-to-serve soup
 dry dinners
 shelf stable and frozen vegetables
 refrigerated and frozen dough products
 dessert and baking mixes
 frozen pizza and pizza snacks
 grain
 fruit and savory snacks
 and a wide variety of organic products including granola bars
 cereal
 and soup.&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:10.5pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;Our International segment consists of retail and foodservice businesses outside of the United States. In Canada
 our product categories include ready-to-eat cereals
 shelf stable and frozen vegetables
 dry dinners
 refrigerated and frozen dough products
 dessert and baking mixes
 frozen pizza snacks
 refrigerated yogurt
 and grain and fruit snacks. In markets outside North America
 our product categories include super-premium ice cream and frozen desserts
 refrigerated yogurt
 snacks
 shelf stable and frozen vegetables
 refrigerated and frozen dough products
 and dry dinners. Our International segment also includes products manufactured in the United States for export
 mainly to Caribbean and Latin American markets
 as well as products we manufacture for sale to our international joint ventures. Revenues from export activities and franchise fees are reported in the region or country where the end customer is located. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:0pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;In the first quarter of fiscal 2014
 we changed the name of our Bakeries and Foodservice operating segment to Convenience Stores and Foodservice. The businesses in this segment were unchanged. Our major product categories are ready-to-eat cereals
 snacks
 refrigerated yogurt
 unbaked and fully baked frozen dou&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;gh products
 baking mixes
 and flour. Many products we sell are branded to the consumer and nearly all are branded to our customers. We sell to distributors and operators in many customer channels including foodservice
 convenience stores
 vending
 and supermarket bakeries. Substantially all of this segment's operations are located in the United States. &lt;/font&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt;'&gt;&lt;/p&gt;&lt;p style='margin-top:12pt; margin-bottom:0pt'&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;margin-left:0px;&gt;Operating profit for these segments excludes unallocated corporate items and restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs. Unallocated corporate items include corporate overhead expenses
 variances to planned domestic employee benefits and incentives
 contributions to the General Mills Foundation
 and other items that are not part of our measurement of segment operating performance. These include gains and losses arising from the revaluation of certain grain inventories and gains and losses from mark-to-market valuation of certain commodity positions until passed back to our operating segments. These items affecting operating profit are centrally managed at the corporate level and are excluded from the meas&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;ure of segment profitability reviewed by executive management. Under our supply chain organization
 our manufacturing
 warehouse
 and distribution activities are substantially integrated across our operations in order to maximize efficiency and productivity. As a result




385.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 5
200.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 4

918.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
959.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1







091.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 3
197.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 3

 impairment







964.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;2
908.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2

860.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;2
889.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2

844.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;2
802.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2

996.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;1
999.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

890.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;1
944.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

014.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;1
089.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1







386.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 58px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:58px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 5
201.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 4




 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 58px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:58px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 58px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:58px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 238px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:238px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Land
 buildings



185.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 58px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:58px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1







385.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 5
200.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 4

918.8&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
959.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1







091.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 3
197.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 3

 impairment




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




964.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;2
908.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2

860.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;2
889.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2

844.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;2
802.9&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2

996.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;1
999.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

890.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;1
944.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1

014.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;1
089.5&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 73px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:73px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  




386.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 58px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:58px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 5
201.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 4




 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 58px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:58px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 58px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:58px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:center;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 57px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:57px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 238px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:238px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Land
 buildings



185.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 5px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:5px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 58px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:58px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26





 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 59px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:59px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26

260.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 59px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:59px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;1



 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 2013

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 315px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:315px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Land
 buildings

228.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2

979.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 5

 buildings
 and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 60px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:60px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 9
393.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 8

451.2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; (5



 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26


 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26




 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26

 including
      obligations for underfunded other postretirement










 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26





  
  
  
  

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 59px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:59px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26

260.2&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 19px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:19px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 59px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:59px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;1



 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;font style=font-family:Times New Roman;font-size:10pt;&gt;

 2013

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26
 2013&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 17px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 315px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:315px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt;Land
 buildings

228.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 2

979.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 5

 buildings
 and equipment&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 60px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:60px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 9
393.1&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; border-top-style:solid;border-top-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 8

451.2)&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 55px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:55px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; (5



  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26


  
  
  
  

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26




  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 2014&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 12px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:12px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; border-bottom-style:solid;border-bottom-width:1px;text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: right;&gt;May 26

 including
      obligations for underfunded other postretirement





  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  



  
  
  
  
  
  
  

 Except Per









613.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
628.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 7px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:7px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 15px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 56px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:56px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
761.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 15px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
742.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 7px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:7px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 56px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:56px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
512.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 18px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:18px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
522.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 7px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:7px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 67px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:67px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
482.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 15px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
530.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 34px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 201px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:201px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: left;&gt;Net earnings attributable



 Except Per









613.0&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 13px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:13px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
628.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 7px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:7px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 15px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 56px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:56px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
761.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 15px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
742.3&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 7px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:7px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 14px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:14px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 56px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:56px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
512.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 18px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:18px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
522.7&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 7px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:7px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 17px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:17px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 67px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:67px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-WEIGHT: bold;FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
482.4&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 15px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:15px;&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 51px; text-align:right;border-color:#000000;min-width:51px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;&gt; 1
530.6&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr style=height: 34px&gt;&lt;td   style=width: 201px; text-align:left;border-color:#000000;min-width:201px;&gt;&lt;font style=FONT-FAMILY: Times New Roman;FONT-SIZE: 10pt;COLOR: #000000;TEXT-ALIGN: left;&gt;Net earnings attributable

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


 translation of amounts























                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 IMPAIRMENT

                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 OTHER COMMITMENTS

                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 RISK MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES

                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 Impairment

                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 Risk Management Activities

                
                
                



 Risk Management Activities

                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 Other Commitments

                
                
                



 Other Commitments

                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 Impairment

                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 Risk Management Activities

                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 Risk Management Activities

                
                
                



 Risk Management Activities

                
                
                



 Risk Management Activities

                
                
                



 Risk Management Activities

                
                
                



 Risk Management Activities

                
                
                



 Risk Management Activities

                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 other postretirement

                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 Impairment
 and Other Exit Costs (Schedule of restructuring
 impairment

                
                
                



 Impairment

                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                




                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                




                
                
                



 Other Commitments

                
                
                



 Other Commitments

                
                
                


                
                
                
                


                
                
                
                




                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 Risk Management Activities

                
                
                


                
                
                
                



 Risk Management Activities

                
                
                





















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































        










        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        










        


        


        


        


        



 Cumulative Changes in Net Gain (Loss) from Cash Flow Hedges Effect



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Share-based Compensation







        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Amortized Cost Basis







        






        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Cash Equivalents



        


        


        


        


        



 OTHER COMMITMENTS




 OTHER COMMITMENTS



        






        


        


        



 754.6 shares issued








 Common Stock
 Shares




 Common Stock
 Shares



        


        


        


        



 Net of Tax



        


        


        



 Net of Tax



        


        


        



 Net of Tax



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        



 Interest Rate



        



 Interest Rate Stated Percentage Rate Range








 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage Rate Range







        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits



        


        






        


        


        


        






        






        


        


        



 Tax
 Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits



        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        



 Goodwill and Intangible Assets



        










        






        



 Business Combination



        


        


        



 Expected Future Benefit Payments



        


        






        


        














        










        



 Expected Future Benefit Payments



        



 Expected Future Benefit Payments



        


        


        






        


        


        






        



 Expected Future Benefit Payments







        






        



 Business Combinations and Acquisitions



        



 Expected Future Benefit Payments



        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        



 Expected Future Benefit Payments







        






        


        


        






        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        



 Sales Issuances



        


        


        


        






        


        



 Collateral








 Collateral








 Fair Value



        



 Collateral







        






        


        



 Fair Value



        


        


        


        



 Collateral








 Fair Value of Derivative Liability



        



 Fair Value



        


        



 Fair Value of Derivative Asset



        



 Fair Value of Derivative Liability



        



 Fair Value of Derivative Asset



        



 Fair Value



        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Gain (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Effective Portion



        


        


        



 Gain (Loss) Reclassified from Accumulated OCI into Income
 Effective Portion



        


        


        


        










        


        


        


        


        



 Common Stock



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Deductions



        










        


        


        


        


        



 Nonvested Awards



        



 Nonvested Awards
 Total Compensation Cost Not Yet Recognized



        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        



 Summarized Financial Information



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Summarized Financial Information



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        










        






        


        


        


        



 Measurement Inputs



        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 RISK MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES



        














        


        






        






        






        














        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        






        


        


        


        










        


        


        






        


        


        










        


        


        


        


        






        










        


        






        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        






        


        


        


        










        






        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        










        


        










        


        






        


        



 at Fair Value



        


        






        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        



 RISK MANAGEMENT ACTIVITIES



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        






        






        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        






        


        






        


        


        


        


        






        






        


        


        






        






        







 Period Contributions







        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        






        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        



 Related Parties



        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 rent expense



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        










        



 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Adjustment



        



 Available-for-sale Securities Adjustment



        



 Amortization Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans for Net Prior Service Cost (Credit)



        



 Amortization Adjustment from AOCI



        



 Amortization Adjustment from AOCI
 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans for Net Prior Service Cost (Credit)



        



 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI on Derivatives



        



 Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI on Derivatives



        



 Pension and Other Postretirement Benefit Plans
 Net Unamortized Gain (Loss) Arising During Period



        


        


        


        






        


        


        










        


        


        


        


        


        










        






        


        










        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Gain (Loss) Arising During Period



        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        






        






        


        






        



 buildings




 buildings



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Other Postretirement Benefit



        


        


        


        


        






        


















        






























        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        







 buildings



        


        







 Plant and Equipment







        



 buildings




 buildings




 Buildings
 Equipment




 Plant and Equipment



        



 buildings



        


        







 Plant and Equipment




 Plant and Equipment







        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Equity
 Other




 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
 Equity
 Other




 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest
 Equity
 Other



        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 impairment



        


        










        


        


        






        


        


        


        







 IMPAIRMENT



        



 Impairment




 IMPAIRMENT




 impairment



        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Fair Value Assumptions



        


        


        


        






        






        






        


        


        






        


        


        



 Stock Options



        


        


        


        






        


        


        



 Stock Options



        


        






        


        


        


        






        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        



 Impairment



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 general



        


        


        


        


        



 Options
 Grants in Period



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        



 Equity Instruments Other Than Options
 Forfeitures




 expired



        



 expired




 Options
 Exercises in Period



        


        



 Options
 Grants in Period



        


        










        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        










        






        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        



 Options



        










        


        


        


        


        










        


        







 Options



        


        










        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Shares




 Shares








 Shares



        



 Value
 Restricted Stock Award




 Shares












 Value



        



 Options



        







 Value



        










        


        


        


        


        






        



 Stockholders' Equity




 Stockholders' Equity



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Value
 Acquired



        



 Shares







        







 Treasury Stock




 Treasury Stock



        


        


        










        







 Pretax



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        










        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Charged to Cost and Expense







        


        






        


        






        



 translation of amounts



        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        



 showing separately
 if applicable
 the effects of the following: actual return on plan assets
 foreign currency exchange rate changes
 contributions by the employer
 contributions by plan participants
 benefits paid
 business combinations
 divestitures
 settlements
 and service cost
 interest cost
 contributions by plan participants
 actuarial gains and losses
 foreign currency exchange rate changes
 benefits paid
 plan amendments
 business combinations
 divestitures
 curtailments
 settlements



        


        



 as of the balance sheet date
 for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans



        


        



 including assumed discount rates



        


        



 including assumed discount rates
 rate increase in compensation increase



        


        



 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1)
 Significant other observable inputs (Level 2)



        


        



 after tax
 included in accumulated other comprehensive income associated with a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan(s) because they have yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost. Gains and losses are due to changes in the value of either the benefit obligation or the plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed or from a change in an actuarial assumption



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 their beneficiaries
 and covered dependents after employment but before retirement
 except for: a) benefits provided through a pension or postretirement benefit plan
 b) individual deferred compensation arrangements
 c) termination benefits pertaining to exit or disposal activities
 and d) stock compensation plans. Benefits may be provided in cash or in kind and may be paid as a result of disability
 layoff
 death



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets and goodwill related to equity method investments
 as of the balance sheet date



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 in the aggregate
 material in relation to the financial position or results of operations of an investor
 it may be necessary to present summarized information as to assets of the investee
 or group of investments for which combined disclosure is appropriate
 either by individual financial statement caption or in groups
 as appropriate. Such summarized financial information may
 at a minimum



        


        


        


        


        



 including letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before



        






        



 including pension benefits
 death benefits
 and benefits due on termination of employment. Also includes payments made under a postretirement benefit plan
 including prescription drug benefits
 health care benefits
 life insurance benefits
 and legal



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 when the entities to the transaction are consolidated
 combined



        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 such as for individual instruments




 General Mills Cereals



        






        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 partnership







        


        



 excluding brand intangibles
 and the basis of intangible assets computed in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. The difference in basis
 whether due to amortization or other reasons
 will increase future taxable income when such difference reverses. Intangible assets excluding brands include
 but are not limited to
 assets such as patents



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        







 as of the balance sheet date



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 depreciable assets that include building structures held for productive use including any addition
 improvement
 or renovation to the structure
 such as interior masonry
 interior flooring
 electrical



        


        






        


        


        


        







 if longer) and for underfunded plans recognized in the balance sheet that is associated with the defined benefit pension plans
 postemployment



        


        


        


        






        






        


        


        


        


        


        



 other than those for employee severence and and contract termination
 resulting from the consolidation and relocation of operations



        






        


        






        


        






        


        






        


        






        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        



 partnership



        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        






        






        


        






        


        


        






        


        






        


        






        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        







 net of income taxes







        







 Net of Tax
 for the period
 including portion attributable to redeemable interest. Includes deferred gains (losses) on qualifying hedges
 unrealized holding gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities
 minimum pension liability







        






        


        


        



 including both controlling (parent)
 noncontrolling interests
 and redeemable interests. It includes all changes in equity during a period except those resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 including: (1) mortgages
 mortgage-backed and asset backed securities; (2) US government and agency obligations; (3) state and municipal government obligations; (4) other sovereign government debt; (5) corporate obligations; (6) corporate equities; (7) principal investments; (8) derivative contracts; and (9) physical commodities
 in addition to the carrying amounts of cash and cash equivalent items which are restricted as to withdrawal or usage. Restrictions may include legally restricted deposits held as compensating balances against borrowing arrangements
 contracts entered into with others
 or entity statements of intention with regard to particular deposits; however



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Stockholders' Equity
 and Redeemable Interest items (or Partners' Capital
 as applicable)
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any
 and redeemable interest



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        










        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 (2) at the option of the holder of the noncontrolling interest



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 other postretirement



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        










        






        






        


        



 Number Invested In



        


        


        


        



 weeks
 or days







        


        


        


        



 partners
 or other equity holders in one or more of the entities consolidated into the reporting entity's financial statements other than joint ventures
 limited partnerships



        


        


        






        














        


        


        











 which may be presented in a variety of ways (for example
 year
 month and year
 day
 month and year



        



 such as LIBOR or the US Treasury rate and the maturity of the reference rate used







        


        


        










        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 included in the consolidation of the parent entity



        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        






        







 included in the consolidation of the parent entity



        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 restricted stock units



        






        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        










        


        


        










        






        






        


        


        


        


        


        






        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Pre-Tax




 before taxes
 related to the increase (decrease) in fair value of interest rate derivatives designated as cash flow hedging instruments



        


        


        


        


















        


        



 but is under no obligation to provide a specific amount of money







        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        



 Options










































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    
  
      

Leases
 Other Commitments
 and Contingencies (Tables)

        

      






LEASES
 OTHER COMMITMENTS
 AND CONTINGENCIES [Abstract]
        


        
        


        
Operating
Capital
Leases




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 all of the following: (a.) The basis on which contingent rental payments are determined
 (b.) The existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses
 (c.) Restrictions imposed by lease agreements
 such as those concerning dividends
 additional debt
 and further leasing.
              
 -Subparagraph (Note 1
3)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 contingent rentals
 and sublease rentals.  Rental payments under leases with terms of a month or less that were not renewed need not be included.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














 2014



          



        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified



















        
        
        
        
        


        

650.5

622.2

182.5

750.8


        
        
        
        
        


        

504.1

499.5
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


Franchise agreements
 customer relationships and other finite-lived intangibles
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        


        

014.3

015.1

704.9

813.3


        

664.8

637.3
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
              
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill. Goodwill is an asset representing the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized. Intangible assets are assets
 not including financial assets
 lacking physical substance.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Restructuring
 Impairment
 and Other Exit Costs (Schedule of restructuring and other exit cost reserves) (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Restructuring charges
 including foreign currency translation
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Restructuring charges
 including foreign currency translation
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Restructuring charges
 including foreign currency translation
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Restructuring charges
 including foreign currency translation
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subsection 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subsection 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M``````````````````````````````````````#
W


A)AH

M9FT#OWJTFW#OW/PQCFVSUX.RT33KT5_93F90SG\UNWA6S87:Z3@1HHB;:71Z
M=MWV
\67_66W79N^#+M3]]F\3HWH;!I]L;#[
VH9KGOFN4\TGCJ[%]
F5U

Q7:N#

6O
M:;J(GM_D2

MI*@J*:Q*BJN2`JNDR)I09$THLB8461.*K`E%UH0B:T*1-:'(FE!D32BRIA19


O+G)E;'



M=N5#9@NIS]NHFD++28


\WXIS

$%``&``@````A










MSZ:RQU06=O&(P.J);!!&,+(!F&$(.2?;B`(YQWRG#$X$`APZYE`TO9L$%H





2.S22;!VV

^=<U8K!FFY2&'F79%+:0PIY-80\I
M'-F@B9`TD4WA"DL_^%-/E@]\QY_S]BNR2QF14U9\@QD
2.36*'2:S8X1%U
MBD_[[)\T7/T$``#__P
^M9D/%JV0=QB_WS:7_\-NPV<CR(%X'41*K^^:;RII_?/KO?SZ^)NGW;TGR
MO0&!.+MO;O-\_^'N+EMMU2[(?D_V*L8OFR3=!3G].4NVZ<J6&=;I?)==-=N



MEC]]=?Y%K^W6JW3=T\J?-GF[U]_H[HEP[B.N5G(R[+FSJ3Y=RT?6G84XE/

ZRJ

M.$N;FS

M&/MM1K\&KF4_0^J(O&7+/QT+93S#F24N0?UH4_Z%ANZCXTR_6+-9Z:7C/YDN







MP
-N%Z1O



?3:;RO\5VO!&=.2GW*

XY:$27QR8[2%


B*[1



MBM9


M.Z_`6\E*??5*+*D615P@NDF*NTZA$BT-\ZO/JLJE0^MCNZ]H::#7*_'Z:/L5

`


M
0SG]M0-S1R

H1(ST_[


3H:QN@LG

MCL'DQDT4@8I6Y^7)L%X5)R0;LV6\@8




(%.AIH`D#72V$@UR





V@3+
KN`


560UA<<9H4VT
MB:FSVGDCNRUNML\KC.+&XB0R-EE,'0N2%JD!H7S<'AMO#[&E/G0JC1#/+(T

M=G=!*=/WSN,XW+[(2X6UPO?YW\```#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0\_S\2
M*`

`R&
M[P?L'0S?UZ?8.2%)T:3K5F`#AF&':\668Z&V94A*T[[]2GV+=SFXLV%G^1

(\/GN<LI?<\/5:T5L:)H51P\+ULC66Y6^QUU%Q-.Q





'/P

$%``&``@`

MYZ+UZVMY@99#W9R+#OYLGI?MM2F+?7_3^;2


MO+O_\GRIF^+I!./^%B;%[A:[_\

MN@9@Z

M=J?I3QKO;P*Y+5Q]?0R3*'E8OD*:=@;*#`3Y'*B((OF`Z&3IR&IZ90GB!H4P





WUE.#+M-#=W




N*B)QM\




MFXZ$OW3%2

0D7+5IC

30]1[S#W9D#U
M:G=Z?\U(T+Q8DEDA9H82%.5N1(D(%0UZ)-&ZF9=S;(E&:G1!MB')$P2$42D1
MH9(AC19-UN2V9J0P8Y;4Z-D]E:0&T4C#'F$2I9]L`$K8O97^'-=1\=V@G

HE(E3RC`5.BB.=LT#K
M%(RA!$6Y&U$B0D5KHWM_W4AUL[LXD!)%.Q%E^IJ/0D5KAQ)$HX%!CY/%SBX.
MI,;B8!_;YD\WKZ)5R))4
823)NIG[8

M+IOG
B]/IW:QJU\ND-(0WKN'JWA&
H
Z@[.+/:_'N$P:@FG^0(?X$-==[<_]#%*?;BR
M/X#X^#\```#__P


!1]G[3_8/F]&`@D:112-8FZ
M3=JD:=K'LV

6

M*

@1MK



M8D?).QM(-&^I!?VF$;TYLTGV'CI)]?VQOV)*]D!Q$*VP3YX4(\E67^I.:7IH

6KI9:W5
!UP
D4
MLALASBS'O+\\(2!N5`AU7R@\W&G4R%Y
I:=`:UO(+4.%J`O3JL9GBQ
MJO=S<U`6-LT_-O`%Y3#<03@2BE[?G'+/WZ3-W\!``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(

8HHZ$9L;.SAFD94H@4
H+MGWGZS*#E4

H/R39:2[_\[?WQ9&E


MX+F_ZV88-;'KDT'X-(F*O
R/E0+A5-[1X3-/U(D*D1:S0P)/P-(N%?%Q+G_3




M!

JND'+




M$9#$CB3VCPC!-[F[UM=Q7K3C\GPCNYY8W8#H#9GR1&'3S_-5)^$G1X42/=

MB6^P$P'+4E`!VPN`98][CR!X!5/DD5=
%KVR=50REIQY--=(PB6)-4EX)+$A

M;C
M9:SU_I!).P&V+?PBW(NZ_3


MMO9(-[OZ)LP[V!6\;QC_8!=6_FC2+^MKYW)K&


?JNI,E#=K?+D8C+N_EU\713U
M-S/'W\TY]7WJNOK]K)S`M=W5M6E;`_UY67G_//WYP^IL^J'XG(HSNVEVCD_




MQP]&^*8NN[9OCX

M41`FSNJYZH?/M?JNLRI?^Z%M_D-1H(X^!0DI2`R8-.^[89H$R?I^%`^)QI7D
MQ5`\/7;MVPK*`X[97PM5;
$#1%9+@)01Q[0HR&VIU)^4'*20*A#V
/S]*8B#
MX-'[#GDJ2;6WJ$(NR2:)6J(*G2]'/*;$&'A\0;B1H=26X!]C@2CE!QL$EC


)V(X8\8B?TJ0FH44\OQHB]^C-(\)7$^UIB,[*XB
MEQ2,%U@LZ5.C4(8+A35(/:HV8P)#8
X#GPM91E3Q'Z\U14Y4VQ2*/HY!L.$
M;PP];2J62.MT72QJ3M422E]:XBEQ2
=\UX;U6I1N^E%34IUFGJQEN^C&PY
M'\&\OUW\VW!QSL0;-YR#
=H-H]6SJV8Y-5S4VN6S1Y&4W;N*7%(P7F616EM:


M)07C5)U[D=@;Z#C
SJAH@!^3FO6SE).
M




NX23*H.Q9!5]!\)
E@Y$*6<-X:VZ\2&$'H;1*)L=9E8/
)6!T`S08K1L8


I+
M+*1H
4M22R]`$7E9ZD;ZIBN4C(I()0DCA7M9&^DXK%]?NAN0$E#RD)I)(5

M*
.)NS90
8R(*DDX*B1Q4;5Z4XC4-*\)N
,C1OUITC2YV'#P:LI%:=4-F*VW`C=A;<'X_2C:-[4)*;]


)V)$DX*86RD:ICGU-(3U$M=4!$JO'V&^_+YGW8U9J06N3&@78+<

MQ




[NTNM[UY%
MA_9


?-FR/%





MD4Y41_1AD:R/E'7_RX_S:?&]O?;'[O*P5$FZ7+270_=\O+P^+/_WWR^K[7+1
MW_:7Y_VIN[0/R[_:?OG+X]__=O_17;_V;VU[6T`+E_YA^7:[O=^MU_WAK3WO

M6MT=OIW;RPT;N;:G_0W\]V_']]ZU=C[\3'/G_?7KM_?5H3N_0Q-/Q]/Q]M?0
MZ')Q/MS]]GKIKONG$_3[ARKV!]?V\$?0_/EXN'9]]W)+H+DU&@W[O%OOUM#2

MC)



&C

M:;S:;9





[H8_R%Z%+3L
`N'X^;-`013)8B,DJ,.GH(R9Q)JB5T;]93*W

0=9:#G!8S[05QTS*H
@E4[%-J*T+3PZ:`\Y4I

M7*:3(%=L

MDNINGA=

<+'UWA!!7F[#LN6H)G6%^C3\*F5(5:F9:LJ^?[$BM!G




MA!:5

6Y0I5/P



M



M73



W6KI



M288T(A`C`N
]$5E
)%Z




MS`*8&G

ZIC-OO^09_]4@/9PX-EK7.E95
M-(!$Y*&


MKRAH%_UYOY9I3&WJUQHTO'1-5#X!C&\Y=9)0+^`5;4]T1\N26SF[U*!4\08]



A*@6MLWCC!286ZPB)5A2
M5A=8P&.]MWE5$YPT3D5NNXX3V@6FI:DB+.KWQ&!I2F-RS^)#04JA@M0DQP+X
P(%P]4^II&


/II%`_M6M_NN


MVX]X:)!PTC





X




`\0X60=]7&'?^GPFUR6



MC9$Q]
^.`T=I6BH+L@=Z

MO#6C]\`5O';
90G_)RC

&YNMSH-V'_#V7_#P``__\#`%!+`P04``8`


-4











M_LM1FM?%PI2)'

\XF^Q:0^.6KJ
PL4.6$G
M@/LKQRB+F.*1)@!O&1
?[D
B



M0*I
MO7QUL(].4Z;L?2=(MU0AA$F07%C)E4FV_N$

MS7](GHD3CR'4:
PP_
)
4&84(DC1!JJZ0JI0E




MT@V&?G2U2HXF0?K0R(D4216KXZW(G_E88K`#TDT]\^7-8`^+H^JG38H_8E**

M@9G9:`6!]640G7`4

M7@7GPRO1$!\UXIDLGF0667W





5]N.HS@0?5]I_P'Q

MW_-BM\)%;:L(Z_8C


M]


?5WBA.;8U.F\0&=D4!K7
M@V(=D2TA-#;AE$TX5%]XMS9\]XF@^BL]UUZ!EM@L(30V$&14FWO]A56O29P8
M'=XKS$HI(`@<HT'9V!^DL9/VA]`(Q+,$A-4D8/9$843IWG9!$CEF1S1_&(_\
M&H%DEHPF@2


2IO#^5I@*M
1F:&Q03:1\6Y*U.:]:I
I=F!YCOSP*DG


B

M(S'T#$8C`2

Z-A!7J@X7FG7H[Y
MR8H^

1&Q`L'#(\;]Y)EZ


M[%_]O\7[/X'``#__P,`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0+E]A6K0(``(0&```9````


M8G0;L`'#L
NS8LNV4

WL;I]X@QZI5$RT
M*0Z]`/:YJ)@;97B7S_O;]88*4W:@C2BI2E^I@K?[C]^V%V$?%`UI1H!0ZM2
M7&O=;7U?Y37E1'FBHRUX2B$YT74E:\Z24EA@WCC1T&P]#EA+78




M;K

MT:R
;.H/DN40/]$7OZK/6%


M@I17VFBL

M42@7YQ:N

ME)?;CJ

M+L-

M^J(Y%!?9B*W]573VI]W//VUNLGWMSD+T%C@TW=8^]_WUT76[\BSJHG/D530P




M$
2^,IGF`WE8P5&C6QLBJ

F:1/
S

MF&K4Q(R-Q*
&
1\BEC`]%

?[+C*AFVV`^!A;]$6U0
MX



MA(EMQ
`T




M


%-](B\%L:)-LP([2)PG]6L@0


MA`

R&1-P^
*QQG&'5
K]8AHW8=



M`@_`):6BOX$'^\?^W]GZ'P```/__`P!02P
$%``&``@````A`+!WOIAB`P``
]@`B&)DE0-;;=)FS1-^WAVB!.L`D:VT[3_?M<V(9A0VCRTX?KXW'



M$^-/(B=$.L!0B96;2UDO?%]D.2FQ\%A-*CC9
UYB8_\X(N:$[S3E\K#X-@
6K)G6=,EM\.U2,XVT!<;^@&=G;OUP15_2C#/!]M(#.M\(O8YY[L]]


A?[/25T$

M=/RB_Y_H3N8K=S+UXB28H#!VG2T1\I&JNZZ3'85DY3\#0@V5(0D;D@G(;
X#

[=:HQ8!9@

6KO
NXT!H2@Q

!*`H(Y/9`%;;Y2

MZX'


&ULE)K;DJ(Z%(;O=]5^!XO[1H+BH:N[IT;E*#LVH=K6K&;&A5+

ZWV2'








M\QUMB;[W]AG3`+WTY&?U^9%MRO=G93!2C;$V(+JA]%[3HK0R5E?IK;\79;[_

0


M:8



7=S4O:&G4
MKB56W-2'*XX1)OZ-%Q!8L$),F3;![I14`W#?)!6$.8=C4R`W4TG-Z^)@VO


Z<$47`_4F$+O-+A*

M@O72T#5U?+M*NB[P!(41FB._#6ZUQ*IR26.Z/._

M-@N
F!BQ+DBUU!RK4HQ+_9/.^)@Q,6(AY$E1GR,!!@),;+2'1!JJ$E\M#&


MSP)CQ
2(A1$;(PY&7(QX&%EBQ
=(@)$0(RN

V1AR
N!CQ

-




!(B)$51B*






M

03C/9
Z2=NUF*4')46Y3\'
M(@V5(XD;DA'(;/Q1$

H2M*`M@THMOXQF<W'/F#7`XSCZ`P(0<99

(3P5
T]%

MM&3RP':L*!1*Q+&^\%







M9&]-6Y7_H4A1*DP24I((;%(\\


M

5JO8EY_


QOGX5
MFC;9$&Q[/63H:K-'$31TV+51F(.D8YBYJ+K2A0









M]Q.4I2_I2'M6)+C%E:\UL3;MQ#[4DES9
75.9.+AW@MR%#-\8F6E
MK7G;1RII:D4)=R3#-T;XSDPMJ41'F
@MX8XT(.]?%
;(3Z-&)F1(=:=3F
(

M812&\Y#CMH)48N]Z'H^)QA
:=R13.791V3HWD
H\D*@Z;F0S%XE
Y2YL4=GL



J]?\T-^N32+K'J[0ET4?`(\
MO(I/.^SA:8?NB8'E$(!G$&[I:_Y'6K\6UV9QR4_PUL!?0]5J?%P!_VBK6_?M
M^DO5PM

``/__`P!02P
$%``&





MG??7W[Y]/!PNYP_;Q9?3V^G^A^]T.CD?/OWMZ_OENO_R9L_[=]/N#[%O_P?K







2TQUJ'US1V(%C&T]7`\@C#N@5

MUE($5*HC38(=R4PU(E0S%
/E

12)=B18QQQ-%ANW4U.G:5!I3JCF0)=B2S
M=#F*I4%%@P#L*#3BT66*+D=1-*@*HP\)FF.*1\?T9/DA4;2EZ\E20V284V





M.RLZ@H@.$T:$+
MVHA'Q\RDZVT'R



M'Y&4XNAR(QX=`Y1%0P)IQR[9R


$5I2%82

M&D0B+IV%!^$IX@H+2D\1UQBF/C+V&Z9HQC?3C.WRU@KVB$%E4S/%CT9&E:!I

4%A\W+L+GX@X0UYFMR`#BL
'1.5Y8=$UH[DXG8=T:F01)-@1QBPS!$0LI8?D:.*(TV'&TP;6.$_&%*



M@BL%@J$@JY8^J6Y+&C$&S



MU'*Q0(E%73U]MFM2V982*%6#`^5+L/)%SEV-VQFG2B[-562TI&N,*93V.22
M+X;G5-8EC13EC1:^OCRK3P[V0=0M)8^J?I+\Q&!K/K`*/91&NYZQ#*PGJ%0



MD#*%RC$XSGR0U-A&&=UBA?D84SQF?'57G@D6'[&
K
_W2GXLZV3$IEG5D/@X


9XW$XYX^-3:IJDRYJE4-F1M'RAP?




M4_)%U1!7A?VQ6&7&\R75D+EHK=@O$$RQG;APA
USDR/ECM=7IE0W!GN:V085







!:8NSQN)OBON

W()'&
-*G(C=Q7V



?^^O7T?IN\

MAWM5?'J'_]/_!0```/__`P!02P









165T
:DS#W'9'QLI0
M:WW909I!/:
-C]R.U^%N-0Y=*LOKKY

M=VH6UN-3O0`3:HF/Y#OF1UH(+R


M
?^!X&ZA!;$X;$\4^[[O-QG+-M&`$EN=__[*5'PZN2E?3X8!OE5ZE:E`\)


?O;
M#;+_//W]U\.GY_\(WETWS''8_8?0_#TWTN%VS?W8
3:-[)/7+EU?
/3LA?
M^F^YX.2[SLNYT6&?
W6]D#LXNV-6.-S[MWAXKZ^[K5OSMA\']Q@*$]_=.R'O
\B7VXZ:;+T]/Q/_G3GLHFN`#]WY=?[[N7L)
MWQ^S5D&SB[IEF'8V\^P&86


GZ&M1_H[)TK6CH9:L(

NXM[APM#.\R7Y%(99%\AOCA@!_]

WU[E+`[2!5`=



U
M2.9/;U?%QC!UZ<VK(JTB@2)FB,?/'\Q&=K!5N__C'K=U+!K4//ANQ9O';4
M==6S3U;U-/2#%OI61NZ=*B+K1EE\E-2/+O0LR=[FGG@V?_C%@/:PM0
.J.&


M!VDNJ06`U$WNDE8W(UFJFY8E34Y%0G]J4*B!HDZ)!J0:$*B!8DV)#J0Z$*B
M!XD^)`:0&$)B!(DQ):0F$)B!HDY)!:06$)B!8DU)#:08`PC.'4
QX[%N;O4

DCV58G)SO@3@Z`K@K:-(78BR.3JQ;
M5\DEQ2/:QG.UR^!2/*+#4O&0UJ@BD/(Y^7=\OX2NV=<?2M`5JU(ZG[?D-:T)
M(F7-ZI!H0*()B18DVI#H0*(+B1XD^I`80&((B1$DQI80&(*B1DDYI!80&()
MB14DUI#80((QC
0)3$D



O



M37K(OCB0

MRC2-Q6IY?X?(;=!X65^\K!5C;BY7/Q





M1VP?G



MB&1C!%^LFZOC\$=



.)C)
!(B)$(
M(S%&DE%$E`0MMHQ)@K9+DX1J7HHQ;*U(B^V$&LGW#B
61FR
.!AQ

=(
M@)$0(]$51%/E-5)\A9*J-


=(@)$0(Q%&8HPDHXBH`Y*@
MO@X&



11F*
)*.(*`I:HNJ)8C!

W\0XC

11F*


6(AQ$?(P%&0HQ$&(DQ0G?\LH?'RP*'


V$
??*_4[(-X7

R%.
M@A9PA



9%06T+H?XLY/T@P.5P

4@2@81U'-4^:HD'26B6)S-K_B`MQ($6;$=Y!Q%459$'4





[&K:GFA*
MJXI;!;LVT+4$WA3&J_)HG


O









M:-/(H.3'#FXH?2T/5KL6


$%``&``@````A

M_ZO]^?/UZ?+R
%FL;LOU;%'


3^OG2SG



MM\T/$S
YAK=S&;W0K2-FZ@OD^E3MFWL'104%@X)#(:04@H-!0U%$U.D/A
M
KGX;+




UA)M.;=G*3+F9O;_#I,*$8<(Q$9A(
M3!0F.A;X6(6K^!(<[$9&(;=?FU']693CJWBKM0[X78G;:TV^FQT!0+KX=3
M'Y]]-(@/DLH_5^9-P##AF`A,)8*$XU)C4F3)70HVD5[+\5D.G6+^OY07$8S
M^[9PIG353+*4;

M.U(24Z+^$6J&SB%ZD]N&_W@QE;R_@YZDB497H4=/O2]U&NUKU?A`9GWO39
MX&P[/;
QP_!Z4/7#T*G
`-J9:V%@I%:8
$PX)@(3B8G1'OB8C5E?LT2K=;

M



M^'CH339#7*G!O3!

MHC)-XMSYA3F6C)MIUWA83QHQ\F%28
$XZ)P$1BHC#1@=CHBOZJP&?7[;=V
99*=
]EA!TGEGRG3\.$8R(PD9@H
M3#0F-29-EM`,;35@X/1E[JH$)H*PF$CN;?$FL_=WF%28,$PX)@(3B8G1`=B

MPX1C(C1FA

M)DV6T#1!J6;^*Z4:C[)AXE(-[H5APC$1F$A

*]


M3!0F&I
:DR9+:(8CI9G%+Y1FO
EFZ+K)D`KWPC#AF`A



MJ3!AF'!



:DR9+:(8C%9KE+U1HO
EFV%4C
L
/$H:?B&
B
)&8
M*$QT(.U)9U*J4F[*9!&9X--W'Z]J$ZC,SL^5Z)9VG8Z@R8E&F^R$;IN,J3
MO3!
.8$XF)PD0'8B


+@7A@G'1&`B



M)+/#I

MOM`HZ;T$6V^RP])UDR$5[H5APC$1F$A

MZ9E-\G%?;[(9NFXRI
*]


M



5+@7A@G'1&`B
5&8

-&8U)@T64*SC`HRR;0Z4)A)UH@K7)G!I


MAR:\R0Y$UTV&5+@7A@G'1&`B
5&8Z$!L=O'5AUQC
])($[
%@M[93%A3N
)!

.8$XF)PD1C4F/29`G-
*K1A`S3VDQR]6$%
MR\[3I




MG)=;KZHX%
??)YGO0'C?W/$6]>0@



M54FOI
'%/PPR.RDF8G4B\-N)F(9F+5S3G?T'%;M3F0TJ_Z
K\TYD.8A8MC8W
MC:4]EXY'9]ZTGOI)DVS7-;XI
$]A]*1*Z*PW5R!
S;0-R&E*@]]IM&6@F4#K
WZ;+
M?P7:/X


/L:Y&V0G&J7
^$4O
8Y+:EZ/+)

M/=$6I)B1?1_]


M:$
K.T9YY@IV
/0D-`3@=%

$%``&``@````A


MYF$WV&?&YXQGF
SFRWM9&&^TX3FKMB:Q'-.@5

S+5-NL9I6L'-D39FV





X.[86N+
ET:GFV(YM\+3;'')0(
)N-/2X-1_).B$KT]YMN@#]F]
K
M5[X;_




G[/N?MDBP16P%6-]*
MC2'2)[JS]D94ZEOLZOI\79\$0:I\6-^+B&0.@?C&4[Y*?8O=Q?J6H#F^BXAD
M#H'XBN:A!'@H\&X91W9:X3UHR!S?DBL?MMRLJ8F$PQB88)+

MU%P1+$.260@F+1JB1EJI6R+[)?P=WR$03+WC]:A9TG.-M[NL9-8+)@TG*:3'

S9,0:JVR6M`-DM5(P1P\K[

K!B1M
M_4D
?=W8-F[`*%:G)_I7VISRBAL%/8)+QUI!JC1R:I

8=W7
M


BYX;6R
G=UNX\@1

W:_

MPB]M!O@-H[J^K0K0CD7MD


=

MZU:J$_1QG#/CZBUE9NH$G0*AC^IR:3Y`!ME?IUAEUFDS*]41ARKRIOCD-@2
M#R72="0,IV=@XX!99`EJJ!IG@A(/)Q%F@X8`J:94JK2NG.XQ+)P!=36W7*6
MDURP755+U;GI.I1LWW*^R0-DT8;SJ
1AF?M0_G9T57H^YN+T3`E'LXB30?N


)^56$6[G$

AA15BX0R*)I

#P[`W7+B*K0T^FFJ9UUA%X*-MU27VZ
`C
:-4;A
#PS/
5L







4J3H8Z##T:]..@'8D$_-(E)C8J03N5JPJUR4VU/BX2RRN@42YM5E
M@%F1
#'7KTR)AQ)I&I-PQ0SFD7W'MW

9!78T
`57)0IVZCIX


+ZH!EF5YZ_0
MFI#KZ:T/QGYY*)&F

6]*F\U2$8?-ZM&$5-&U*

ML\CJ%BB81X+A934*$W%]8TH\E$C3F((-\\V*!*OBI8;;.OCL/


MIL.PKO3L.G7#JB)

1XW
M3#4K$B;[^C@12(V'$FD:XW'#5+.Z2&)?N/C85'4&![Y%C--P9M;TYKI%0P
L2+JC(\M&/3CH(D/^O@.-!J&



PTCM&W[:`OJ;2+ZI$%2QXHN-TY-33
M
P]GD:8+`


MQCP1D'@XBZPQ3:--Y\$(P^;U9\LJX*BW)1Y*I&F
PY8I9@4CL2Z0945@R9]N

QC4L!B4RDH[-J$Q=+F^+[*EG@HD17'/&P98U;_
M


VLT:
MRBPHU$`8]Y`F!L*M6O=ET8VESS!9;XJ%$5KD`Q#P:C#HK&C80.U/BH42:
MQD#L&'56`TE`#&RASR4HRO=Q%HX.O55

M1Y+%WM'./@FG!'01.[Z


M/4--

M&%1ZII@5&KC
3'*.@#AHR#G2J)H'2B'G85RU\OG=C1O7F@FA6='285-C2+YY


R](

M#FO(*



#








#*IE;W7Q21Q
I2%TN%-C5D&FF4
M\P(O14088%0%2!VX8DURCE@X:



WDGY6K]F2&LM)[:&^=KL



WSOU_?P[[



M__R^^SA'LQVV)M

M_]CYS3::^_J3'_8;4_^V7^]9.1TV?!`Z3F7L^6LG.GQ_F4GSRX[*F3]_J0


'4?CAU`GXT=0)^/'4?C)U`GXZ=0)^.?H$[&
MSZ!.\F
.=3+_`NID_B74R?@5U

H'@'0XPGD(7H
R$3T
M&)+Z`S(1G0&Y

M@6HF4-T$:IA`31.H90*U3:.=0U@7HF4-\$&IA`0Q-H9`*-3:)3350?D2
MS

:&T+B:4UL:$TOJ84%HC
M$TKK9$)IK:Q0H';F8.V
TZCHMHP
M@9H:R'70KJ]E`K6U4!%ZKF






O%:[I4]9P\UJ]
EG^A


M#AVJ

^)$G

M2PC!([&QKE4`)X&H1C

ML;4.8^WJH+WE4@T%JA995BSHAO`((QK50ZE:6$DFH52]18HLX2#99HLD2+
M)=HLT6&);D0$^L47'3B[.DI\*2+8--/KHC[0.XF`P/5!A_03=411L?U$A5
MY;T*I=C54;I,DG0II'V?45CB1E+S%EBP1)+EEBQQ)HEA.1V'Y!
A5)E:A&
M



3$R+GAM;)1676^;
!1]G[3_@'@O

ME?5(N*L6=O(\6R+-!G+:7-8V[]^WE]=VY:0N,EQQ1JRMI^)L&\W'S^L3HP_
MB)(0:0%#(]9V*64;NZ[(2E)CX;6-#!2



MJQ!

K)P4^5O('.WTF]%!*J':HIF2L@I7@:M54M0`XQT_Z?J*Y


M@H/!!B3XS$:O5D7':D

MM




BYS&#?F/#`[
M8$WX@22DJH25L6


`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!FQY%YKP(``'8&```:

2YX;6R
5=MNVS`
?1^P?Q#T7M]B

M)R85%UV&0R_`B'54%+RK

MK
SP7;C*$^QOUK8_?S@[JM%OI&IQ_)Y\8UW#)H-UV0N8_$HX$^%
8$P?Y5
M]+V]@!\2%:PDAT;_%


M_MW4'T?!U)]/_4$R'_P3?;


MNL7A#EKT=JKW0L

7DC@`;@40I\/9C4-_QB;?P```/__`P!02P
$

JD'3.M522$E7:'DRI#=\$R7R!OO=+Y^4/)49R].Z)F
MQR^<EM]H1R#9495@!UCCPKZ4H3;/8N=M_K`OS@3DDJ?&CD3W;\2NB^EE#M
M6&TI6`,GP:_34M4$#E^UO]'6LHZ0]'<C1=^%(0Q<G9$R'NJ]B*G.`C)VK\&



M63



-[9ZW\```#__P
`

M:&5E=#$P.2YX;6R
55UOFS`4?9^T_X#\7L!\A41)JB:H6Z5-FJ9]/#M@@E7`










*9LWT44_T
X
D'*&S;J53B-%Q)PDE[)

3^

P1:&Y*HHO:BZ&CUT*OC-I8C#4RS^873MC=MO'1





FEUOX[82AN\/T/]@^'YM
MX?7A_F?__OZ1<YG_;`^/*]WW:%]
MF/_3]O.?'W_ZU_UG=_S6O[7M,(,1#OW#_&T8WN^6RW[SUN[7_:)[;P_0\](=
M]^L!?CV^+OOW8[M^'C^TWRW3)F7^_7V


.`@




AEOB1'W-U;):PDB/]\];4&6?79L

M^FR:X


IA66
M=SX[7\VS00A(6#V&*HJX2^2C0Q@BB!V096U+3)CZ;IRX$&0D[IHBR1=<
M!P'RLEQD=DT`I&E:&($D0&#!&285BZ#S;)&QAR)[X]?4K9O%.D5U4)6Y(<)

CB!)3U$^)=$H]II4&1!:2[HH:&=QAN:AHKR*]
M3\B4^_E4,0((J`*CM7`;8HV






M*$*%F?+NYX

34W(`9+
1&S8INC3J=Z


A;73&$ZC*%
M-A`@K+\T0&RF=8H0'I@J\SVR(H2LLM0/4JS06S$QA(B!AYJ0F+&99V=6%&L+

7@7
((%1


MS2PBO.[7%D(A0G@O-14%4N]EM79`1
ID+D((C4G8&&2^
0@D:80P20OAO]-4
M=AB[O?*




M



$.GR8?EP5_YFA(__F+8RHD[`YRK
FP3UV!D9+[4`OA


DX/T:
M.]&*`.D*+HE$SIIV].6C%$6H
%.$_4I48&T^%^:G`M974G!SXFB@/$:P=$
MI.!
PF&D4DSY#4C!JGPNQ
67M2MRI4+L6=SK4

`4$L#!!0`!@`(````





LWCURPY54JD


M^SMWHOBB7?\9R&=I7.1EOJL8R!EJH


.&


J=J

L!U2[D

2;1@A


MEHE[FE\3H0XOKI!

M(QUJ9)O6@4E\&BL.E


%


MD9KU:3HT9A.$PW(A


M89@X&&)4B*[
RU^DJSEFDS`M



M83K`27QGF``/?D((


MC
\:X\/1;QK]7T)-E*^BE\I@;%I0L


.8YK^!L

M03I+%&

L7%9=)D
M^B&=N([+Q^6J.N#MEX_B8KV+JLYEN;.9X]F6*#-YR



MR3UJ3ZC=\\=M$GX+PJ^-X



`HC0HR/G+GC#^M@
M'E`S-2;$N/B

M-9F9A8089
:-_A7K1O8@?1
=3-*7


MQX=;K#X:MA6EYK;IQMU
[=V=WAPQJ3VD(OGV9'0CS0[*!!57HQ$U24$SVH
MT`R
6L;E]IZD<9*OT8&4X:`<H+

MP





MB
0^']

J$^



R[6ZU4:V[^`+]]2696YU.



&0$0MZKYY_


M!WP'0SAG$E)R-QOA7#$%-G!0Z!=@GIG@H=X*TY9F6X#G&-=U=`\2@#7I_=

J6'@XBX-RYF)6Q!U@?%C&NXMCQ[6]
M60)5
PM*Q_;=D#AB[C
-29


M8BN'Q&J/C^WPNA[.CALY&2-58





Y6&`(LU)RO_6@/

+(]IV]C4MI7RFB!B$XR
T8C-Q
M@

M2+D
YJT@'NA6*KM1[ORJF)2_(%6*8?P_4T7O)W`%L3[6'O#A=EA@I#.E[7&A



MT]9)6RW;K^XT\WYGCVENPL_CZGL?/FS&7GY.)%&CNUL&-K.[;2U.#9DRD*
M0Y/L(&

25-

&G*H&AAQZ8/(#DMQS-TJV_````

M='

#WXX

M-X]?CP
?ZY
M#
%D_V;VL]R!WT=GSP[U6S?_P2^_LO9XFF&[J9C2\`Y6@F^G;T4.0.CU=_E[


9_
M!XT:#2DT!



PP/8*VP.:+';$
_J0I[!N7=!WD22*%C]2@4)!(!L6R+J21)3_BZ@^

M+!/$4AXQ(X6%U6)K;7RA((IM%(.



#


Z/X7&
\TIS5MA].M!%L9&
M'=+,,8)28]<EHM+K:!\T28V]PGQ%WUCY+OF@V@GB:2E2$(51:X2W\F)S9H59
M6=/C]?1B@J)OW&HV@DB:)7/@BC
E6!F';W2LJ=6@E26/5H3##

.0]5.
M$$-KA0*N52)%]39YMW44VZ-5([W-V!ZN=L50W;G45:5GXY&5K.LFI^%O`[P@

$%``&``@`

.+`?6

6T*M*TX^BN'BTE`=X#1]VWDK=UW$*F2D$Q0,T)
MX^N0?()PJ;C?0AUQ@=K$#W:M\+O2X*,&#:*OD2'$%QQ#LDQW9[K]M`WME'H

MJG4!.?R9F

MHT:`Y_DBU3*$/`KP4T3Q*&Q3.^RY*.&@DL]1!E4$'OYKCH5C.\JG4!Q7YR
13CYY#B(42GRJO^':K8#-3*&-U(B1BI1NA$J?8QDC<G
M*ISX2FREN)J=*&54)\Q+_TS8[#\$.X-*/#8:728Q2)QX2^6<BJY!DB3FR*D

XG!A=+0



M2P
$%``&``@````A`*?WNO:VQ```_\0`!0```!X;]S:&%R9613=')I;F=S

D+2HBR^];@U*O
AT2R2'I.PU!OLA694D
MJU6LJJZ+9/IIYL


M5?-Y



J+
M47F9K_+913F:=]X)9YE5ET

5R

^T)]<7\.0\\6D_ZZ82XJ0G.7M`/(7+/-='D^&O:+



M[1A9[HGA'

M[6$6U[C8T;V!6M6BRP

+Y!G]


D:2AJ?J5`/ECJP%Q8%?_%HDT




9I'?+V)



`'%
'X!
L*P[0
MAW(VZ.#78-LD3LO6RS$7Q5I.`?B_1[Q:6/!=]N'QN1FSSMZPO50`R0;(:O_U

])\KLA


']FZ_W_WZ=]Y5CFUV#4L!-49Q@Z
Z?.G6#UELNK@B+?^E:O#6&

86ID\

)\UKD$!M:N?JUF?0B3!E=FX

MI.4[?O:.9Q!EWV-*P!


M9G7F)T?3;AU=*=?4_35SJS



M'U
IAGM

M
:`

M];-E9OIU9@OS^?#P9#ZG&46B@]7P_Y5\:$JKDHJB:4;^U`6#G+#IE'DML@C
MD:I'[J?E.!0)5
*A\6P$8JT)JT'[R?0I+OGUE?%&?!)B=JMTA@V()M
2;X:
M#6DT


M)Z
U6^B@)572:'+


M?&VUE;%?OYJI%
SAV7EV:6?0
$=E.BKBCG/#R

8C!:&?8L!=ANN4(



\GJ
CUP?[1
MY\5UA1.#,@*CU^7L7;78*E[9ZBD\YC4!8ZRM&,(A*$I8*0G]#&5A/]),*(HV
M8+YL(Z+$)?7*I13V`E86<:*D_`7;)1W+0:!'MUD!&U1$Y6[$&
YC^1($RBA

M]-V0&P





MN5A0@P6.V]9\JB7I#;*89JO87^8[Q[2I83


QY7



MST4TZ&6XD+W%[BF01VFCFMJY]S8QMG$JO45K1+8#0:N?\A:VRJLGO[51


M5;RQ;K:Z`QNPUB++FQQ-D%7Q70OS`^Y@E#9,5PQB?V;MFBDLVF11I2N'19I
M+2.ZIZ2H#XEKMR@(LJ&S9+3E=

;$8H]I@:S:SR





1OUN$KN&39G)\A%[*M9A)Y^#C57
F/]<-?W&/^MQW
M+7NG_KUU&UBJ86


M@:5B72

M6_

3G&5)9^7T*-2^.




1X;H\&XY\$\PK[&@*
M[
_


8[CDJZCD`[%@*-IKM(Q.$P
8
783$]I,6+





[M%M[!-*Z4M:1Y0(+WFV\G(HT);KMY^'U\II5E.P7
MM`!H.OC+V.-QAO-J(/B-0!X-F7JV8(W007H3#_9E$8XI1R+E0`FW6%:3;V$

M!@G)&YXH7X5&#4H*?0RA3=9U5'8E(1X7SKWS$&Z][`*I':`EHZM@H
%RLKS$
ME*^=N7./78M_+&F[KV9XPE!
B%NQ%8337]/9!K&$:@5_&
5*96UYWBIVE]9&



M3[C





MJCX=@:ZE/TQF0*.GL:RANNRN?
WAUCTQFS/%^J&C1?Y.,A4D:@U)B+&D9E$
M%[!Q;B?'E&[\Q;9.4A0GFLR'JH(2=(`S.SUEB;X.I[:TA:UP]SJ^H#?R9[9
M/KJ5-V!$Z+F/N/)CAW2(CUKO1X!M)#NY([\-F;R!L


9)AS9N'

%5
M](Z6FC_%]QZ9PZ[T8U@'#V1


OU1'EOCV_6#\R\P(GNDZD


*Y3_?L@\[9CV


M4M&-XZ?46OA7T+5P4JH2:DA\AW@7F=C6A-Y846=KM@:^Y@C$JY!1KS9VA(
MMELED0@-A;DD-
;?-]BUE\(!YT+IMY0/I8YL-(/U`;.U
V(ZG$02C(GA*@(U
M&ZVVX.-)`ME8-GTRBKPPXE\8@([-P1(PY)^']`;J0\QL:A
.:.4Q:\D/7H
+
MO@%AFZ
B2

0!.-=-

ML;
[^#%QS.ZG)^CDUIHL2+CA9:Y7!-D=
3?

F(T(EC-9GZA-8$3/;MBB);C]$AO%^:`.H1J
&8AL
M








H!?IRPATR
?-NU$5IK.]8LWXO

0OAT8$MMVM`'


'?XEY3:TLA+JTX0]'HG9V/;40$BA+$(0TO$``/_%%(WQ/-$0FW$


2:`5!V*5D+3

M12=8I`]6'R8?34?SW6E?JV#L@2:IL0!/$%^B&;])*_9)@CAIU0_C@SS2%-


M??G?_TF[MSX]+=





!MJ&+US

AW33X\:QK\9:._-
MMV
2T]*F:A_O\/







MG^NC.;L!A$9@UA

GPYM0Q

-S/8M%
MSI#N0I/8M&M4`V$M;6W][M=*'K:WL$11C@LAL(6#T&G*'[%$G$WGK&E+#X('



`G?P99CX.N7B_/;=6Q)O:Y[2E
MZ)(2IBU]9)/0=G^`EO',F-C3*]BNTM#S4MV8PLN2&<;F<^.VM4NN8I:+;ZY

ROP*=F
VX%





WEIKJ?*EZ


M^\

M$LDER$%0.(V5]2QZ]T]MJ4L
86:]
6DT`O'0[1J
1@.4Q65=3`EL1RS'D79%
MQIML9CMEV4GH'QS^0#)
R;C3XNP^/[HX/L^(%_OB5)EG/)K0^OS;M9/'BH

S'N\DW(P/%[$M


QV:072
Z%%L.=5/;#BAA


MF0#T-YB9A@K+OML`C\MEJ?8Z

6I2\.



4N
MYS)$!X


M=W&&4%LF%B_:L-?=OEK=O&5]O:$+?+[*OG\

M80)TOL1N_15;K*E&/@WR)TZ7U^@QKMA.KL^M0ZWI)4B_MQ;)W0;%FG;X+DLC




M]



RVV@BX^$8G0!
M
M8G



M=TVCFON5JF*M'.6\&L7J;C&Z-2[\C;B8/+^I=W%CPO-.#4BTCJ

M_EJ^QN-//S`U;]UB%B
YDI

M_D.G$-N

[LLS2Q^HX&#M)*NP?'/8.=PYZK\E:JH/1


)P


MBR6N61:`DX$
/_$6-,^*;9_D],A=P,7G^5/[NOR+=_WJ5?T5S[P3`]\M?H!E\,
MT<*EK7VIMWUX9.MIS'@UO%`05O/6.1!DS7#5M!+




D:4;1:SE.[Y)'CX0

$X'HFK#L0)@
*!X


*_00^58D5?((W_R$0YA_**;7_M$];
M-.84:`/_;L*4*T7JH.L@?.?HS9NCW8.SGXKCDX.=/?



M

1A`-JS2K)@DG$(BH06$YZV+T&Q5ZP,3,
MO\'N2)*Z#?PINL4[<Y0RL=I+&!(2G\VF\^&P@ZYI4#+*#:V$CLT0F6#Y
M

Y4C\XKIT@P(^2&A45W
&@S4



M./


]@UO#0.5Q/T(:#RV0)JU\&C5/?=
M/99:N=:\\4O!-XNZMFFJVT=SCN`MR-.8







LEY[ECX0;3U_XZ
D

2.0/^$E
MSS;[*:=A




`:P-9XD
M&:8=('P_`7$
Q





MU5$[Z8/EA5]8'34K/EI^V.[H]]?
-XK%'][O=X
+
]A-=]Z'#_H7Y*5FF@ER

;

9$Z=/





*%D+\1#

1N
#GF?#WY;6



)7
MV=?@1.+
*]2M9]^PFE%\/-10J\IYGSOL^GCEM_Y9:BF__@:DGJ:.G].5/;L
M^VQK9_/Y-Z\8(KKQ+6V!TU';+`WAZ:PY/4IG?373JAC!L7(:]E0P3!J@@F-





M6O(^1-(C5/22L1N'?(VRJ?-447%R1@SOFC=&Y^4'A:6K3M!!J#)%6--['GT
M;D%RC;4'['4+0\UV*`41:4%%B*OEH)%T(74=QYPM
]
!;?BZ@I`J;X!R2``
M#UTPT6`

MERN[;K-G_6*M+BQ$&%]HXY2E4N[*H*Y0/HJRBW]FID83*4F??K6-77]$@U



MATW-



`;C#NH@E]M&!$)H=V\A/P
3`JJ9@PPWVRM@+-(5NA#T^DA;6'IH^7'A!+'%<M/\0\PKU8:K$+:S
F[

?1^IE\M`4[VOV@QF;^


:XT4^Z2&$-E!+L<91S$W

$6NE6J&&L$SC$%#



6Y1W16B)L_)AC.







J2O!:HZ[*7
4A[]7];D`IR(8%N?3Y!LB
+T95K)OUR1
M_#T-

]WE.MF'R2'[1Q[B

GQS'O9'&)M'`Y;W_

M!XI=U2WP/.^45ZWA^/)KM6D='

MV=1HQEVCU$:4&LITPYI.
.=U`$YZ@&\QMR\[$#NLU=UXU_!/QUACE+.H4:

K5^8:@..HDE7E]'/MI[-@O4\)'Y#NGYS


M/MS$2K


C,Z6O).J#2`@`G/$4#6.P]J`3G+B-)=7)Z_5XT69\O6%*65R.B3JCN\


.^TT`USWDC#ZM7


M7P-.'#$(`4*.%/]&.5A*=KFY._7TVV5C:Y:JI6&LW8065PJ*85-*MD%?F)P`
M
IP,'6=*446WY&P/
MG;P]H5#9;$B%\N4/NBHKJC7=^2D
$A]BH.$)!53&8)FXVDP:T+S.T#Q3ZYEW



R`W&


M[DZ\^LJ-R-L!N&[=:;[9LV!M;UA-V1YS.*'L#YL&[EI@[:1+U-RVM*M(4G


)^(4Q2`@0'^V??9]$JF2%YD.X#A[_EF*&5



M$T\G9D_3?]X(\+S.BZI3S0(8K2#/4NET9'2BQ/=P=^-SS__X7YUH7$@/
7




=S\CQB-$FK)_CP59?6@SKQN@L_@K
M4P1<U7'NWSEC@*&
!3UBGEI

M5)UO
J
3(D#RP

\%KBFZT
M&
/7A(IK2A$(&@#N\]82EX@
F01(T^@VT;I$U^7Y*=O(C;HULQ*?5\@4X7K(
MJ#PL:

7W;.OP_;EF//5D2WIR






S[2

`68M)/\8^I1ZRT$T_YN*!C6-E(O$_+$JI7





VH
OV

M)/5TV\.6]Y*7WK_WDF3=];L($9_)


MEOTSVR5(0LHAM.T,AI@^!Y[='SQ80NB(C&F


NSU2;OG:35DJ`K.W7*G?P)9E
M?`Z?-7$

M5_3HGY:

J1D1`
MH;8:HUU](X6DD8I9R6!A3JAU).7]52;6\$'9&L1.[!$2:JML50U$!,IF3LH
MQ!&J\OGQY-WU.U;)-@Y;]DSL+^-*ULCG'?U)Q1K:EKHGG4_4/R:_G6_4JV$&



;1(.&L`6H)`]=28#3TL%DQ)'A:@`.J]=D5PY









M%0N/N;^F*#$XK)H@,I,^]2/8;()X]*8)?:4R2,)6GDD^:=.FC3F2)76)]`


$Z*


;5%$1)*W?15/45(%0%&*X*C;AC_^A`6


M4OU%



3M*!2I%FRI+7#XT\JQK):^K


+JYL_OK68R_[%3.VM0S-T4/R83,IM[KU]ZX?J=F(^6S@N&.%?ZPBA`H
M'S6ML<8^L3LI+5U5C=
#3]T[<4[/1[.@6+:I@^*Q

2=P`&-4:R4O'QO0K0&DP#R5--$Y
M4B`NL(9W$O\2B3@!TX`TS=KLVNM2D)@8ZR

MGDY!$]IC-

M/0(P/`#$2#H\?CP8MCKZ-C:=+;


W

SV
2]U]II$#_9:#3(VG2@R\RHIZ(L5PT+IJ*I9






HO@A-S@KN8*71W@O&S
DN609)I
L?





MCE*VX^XUW$:CJH2%C/*0LJDQ7&B4%%8`[4_71V^LV
PY+:HMER6`3T^^5U1.

MVG2




O8SV'
M3])9M'8Q#5+$LZX=Q8QE.`D&.36Z&(9'S&\CN)^OCH`OB#5#91HO5]^V90ND
M



J$:UJ

M'TYR^_
Q-\NB4Q0'M/A0-A[^!!/A8*G66*^93DS&

MWQZF9C?R126LJ$63*F3#]FJ5W1Y!





MT-S5Z.*Z


!\]




M%AV&=;-Q%.VU.4'\&
]!XG'2;3_,`TU_U[
MP$%L#)ZPD##M1]^2I=


MD

Y9!8*U?9T@F+BNJH.']8KL4O!5]*A*P^:;C\;9Z!A
MM$#?X_9^;;UB*L%

BU8!A6-\8
M76/[^SF%J6ET[CV

EE_L?:DO]
MJZ1\(M-*Y-*:


MAJ3?8B7;93G#&/





M/8U.Q(JGL3;38&C'W@

M`-L\BEML9)B%RW^@`F







5M)@EC
()!?IQQ*

MKDWN5



'@Q56M%@
E1269M<V%*))9;,=YDCD9
MBSVVN@VE2RIO7Y+9LERUQ%A_#::/7)U@HV+]4-TBT#!:;$]0E8'_;:Q.R1?

/4@*6!W`/[JR`

MX/]SA^$FSH14N&F_:3F@V]J^:G(IBRAAF$W2-V,)6;/D$L(EWQ*3JO:D

M6!$D@6HOKTU8B69M-4-MW)THMY



W76II!(@M?9LV,QSOHH!N^30:`+H811

MP./PB`P/PF.C#;L@(


M3PWKQ320#N@)LW^ZI41HMA8$=0].

C
M;MIT.`

@#]ZE'O


QCK2`W?XHB!]O(UUGG@O-H-GK08
MVRLCTO-7I*&6)`(S(52IE@(Q\]GX



R1M9#
&'


M@*KXM%B
$H6%+.X::U-!.\I

]E`Z(X2
)@=G/
I=[HY='B$

MY$Q=?(JEX&LL6-Q!SHOH2&5-O7_C^2O2387SJ'QD5-A`=LFPP&R%AC3#E^A9
M4W9257#%R9=':D
'&[R]GY=E#4/0C$4*N-L23XKXG`JF)?49_T,S9O$?HA
M4=+Q?A!1
WT



2(SSJVMT6I\J2T5.J8!&(505NBBL%:@/
MP7;\K\.


MH$K_V!%091(UHB

OXK
0OH:A#
:




;$?`DJ
M$X)^C[]6=S)`ACIA]`VE4\5M2LHGC/4'K9(28.4#930*H!T@6[OPJG@F33NL
MXB__E[DSS8TCN_;\5N*#&E(!HJRQ!ML0D*+(*OI1(A^3JFJWT1^29%)%%T72
M)%


MS$%0Q)!TK_G^194


-U'C@7.:NSU1
M]/1#%/(I3*!7F1?-X6&L%0V((3+!`LLHT0

M?@Y_:-R9P4H3':U,[SJ%*;)C1WC:'^)..C$=PB29\^+`L$*BB/L+J%19
:







P
M;D&)P]U$
#5F!+X=]<=/)=<8XC-#\:Q+M(5D*-


M=GYJSD5+IL6Z&I-MS9-/RK6$265'TQ'A\@+5_Q+Q4O=_')+O[$\YM#=X(8W%
MVK+/'S]Y\-LW!`;X?NR'X



MU1GA0)W(H0

SGSXNP
M
IY[?F7/J5CS_-MV/F7^]5DX]?


&&/B($F9*^6
;#6'D_^Z-:W([<ORM\'

5ZM`M`#/\88@`!BX

?ZV'^:WG7G2_`C-JFKIA(
MY8F!/$*<EH(H5\7MPD3$/*T%%.90KIS=57W2V?W0U+('U#NMP-?X-3LZ=1!
M7U;Q[IA8`D;YILE9`W0R@76^BS`/56(E4R0Y



._JO^/^^!PBT3I^?*X=


4PQX-YW63=D)U;^*<XBNMQ'D.PX'CF&F$]R*ER
%`G62

]][^J)`J;X1W]F(H_EGY.+.
MR2+I$

9FX]3:?N:G:*3.R




F^K?8XJR$^P25Q34V+K6MHE-Z&2^-1+I.OS6IE

[YW!32

'
<M^N2G(2WY0YP4`97;:P
UY/NFR.$J_57@B5-%LV




MBZ)`=+;PJK

/;NT]

M3XDG8JTM^$8OH(!L^06A:6C8EDG




]9&%@`&5`
MNS0R$_S6ZZEW]P/KN0#(&WHB2!!5=R-JW)(O5.%;U2-8/R!:WU&?!X1__
+%



M7))0R&N56__LHL

M=[Q(@]
Y#S#.UIGM()JO.M--DX#?^6E7IA`80#!&J2AF4^NIQ;GS3!9`[Q

M@/M)XHCY;&XL5A]=]`:Q!AG
7D/6!V/PIZ0=+Y7B-O`F34PW.9LKT7)E00BB

M.Z3+I:


M'E]L=)]E3J`2]#)(S;)`RPJ4.D!X('J9E`:CMF@EP1$..&=7ZV7^(4-@Q[

E
NFB4





O2VLV
7OOX,WD<&?O[1V&#C*J(NCY
M6YKDK;N9_TPQT<AV?CWR.!EBW5IHX$M#%5?PJ@WI#$9V%X.%A=\V/E2;^;O






#%L3E$M4
M;T`_%?#V5]Z/1I:8%QZU#(`!BW
\FP_\)L6TD2L$Q2/%$O/$@LB!J;D+RC
MH_E
2MQ)LRM=*




M5`+=A9?KC1RA(








M(/NY,$?&GHA$NP^?J]2(X020


MQL2^977(+UJ
CFN3Y2V4XA$YA!YA.A48*'7)OL%-^C\F7P$5+5U*(7!(Y`
M#*VLG#GS8[`D\JV5O]9M(3OJ6P*OLO7&8%GVO8@/RR!\


MG'U$^C2K'F#
=QE`7@NZ+\5*.E^)4IBAR!A/H7;69H&]BCQU7&1NTXOWG1?R
MFZ^G6T)OZD_?1BU6V&*N&4.LT





R+][7TVSC_D#50B64F:C^]4?9`.H_


90)/+CN)O(8S^!






MZ/KAP^(,Z8)&Z9@UXUH^@\M2:TM-T3L\MHBJR2#K5.Z\&.U8[Y1M=IA=SZ
M7LQ.2!*+!ZI/7]+)N(WZFS0'L




AHZQ35;



`THRCGU
M)

4S


!9.]S9TU




Y=;#0U6'H/%%@0M-H=?\E(JQL5@]
M
1!0!AQ87)D8!PQG\8%^2M)[%I(`I:;HAU?G^/HV0/Q+7%%A.!&919/7$3`I
MO;(\DW(K



M8ZFB\7D

MC$H\L!HJP-X/KV6@$9






MZ`\O&C%98:$MY.(6ZKQ&!

7_2J0S=EH#`I
M`VML*
0K$(KQ6J$8#S#@D86*P/K-L%5R


MQ_(3R0/




V\0F
#GJT`5I]XG,A7N1'F-,::A,ZAJUH/
M$EA5E14&D0GA47(-0=A^GA&@444$:1K0F*/.?C0[EJ(M1*L8D/2AM1M?M
MA[NJM

:7R^MS8JC('AM:M$3H$`;PQOR!O.]LGE]V\5EI@K^J9@(.D?7W-4+*SI1\
M4Y'NI@`#)[KR'/^*B'<K/N+&Q2Y!_FG&KBXP3?SSIOG+[`K?VA!`RF/WW$()
MK[^7K;UY7<Y8`U;%`HG!(3WBS7WQRLEC(/-'LN8D-_O77?KX\L.1!;<B*H5P
MM=*$&H,B6KQR)^9(A-3*3R:,_&$*WPQ.S1BYUC551TC-BY\\LJ[(#+V9(

Q*


M



M9%ZP^-%M&FP
'I%H_LP[3)&OIVN=Q=

M+`EH.+




M+U
@EJEM;KT21:O/Z[\H8ZK^Q?AH(94

M
0


7H$\/EX=..BC4

R^6/Y2\]9P@T:]


M
`

2O8(VS
MY4T84(OEZDVU


^\XQ\]3?M

M[WC/2X#Q58=#4Q?!][+Y_LJ(!^SQ!VA/F:)UK-:'W$\.2H_2:)3E^$Y4LF




M*2UYHJN

%E?/M67

MSD7SRN/K41@6%Z1L(.WCYKS^1


M6EXLJP$6RFHM_6;W#$&*:T[SS:[/!^^MU4&M\6S[FV;W_'AP1$Y:=VW]HEV6


L7/5NP`NKZ[
MNUEOJ6QS2P


MN_*11*\O;I%X9.CJ;%Y3T[TXS-SYW=1URXB5P%^5NI^%BE#UI/F5&EI@'$SK
M*\83P?HZG25B$T6X2`+





[^[VS










<5M(UK:(H

Z8_)L44F`!XN-+BMCE!
M_KW`[6X01ND2!V;.D/R3*:.R**6-GQC(\E\=L5Q1(RVE!LC@6^I`T!`3.D
MT-I8_84N&:JZU
WM_$(]O8$6V8Z@E$!)X:UO0X8QFU%3QIO%Z:EZYW)\D`89


\C6I5/.;1\TA



39J
*:
MVNP8







M5'C?2W^


M1YI64?-DMH




E\NKCH6//V

F8:^3K
MQK\!-?C^BWXMJ)?HI9=KCI.A$ZTQ=
1;66^V]OV
QY3U5OE2?%QOE=%(6=Q_



M/7QJ7MH(5U?O-?R;'F$2[:Z_Y%EQY`8[Y3MGR85I[T+0T.JK:ZA)70'Z&M

M^6J]_!Z(AYIIY*E+4H0'B/7-4C^-`UUJD


M?^+A@L4V7V


ZTA




M76(2=*
[U&+%QTALL74;94SM\);O37\``4G



M

(#B#^@VB0Q)]PEJ#




M%VF%S*AU@?YXL(4$)$+5!)LP2P`B5*]^9J

.JR#TG




\Z)7
7\T7OS
M
%10
JBT

YL&HM\&
M97[_7#U^RZ_37\LG;/MZC6)9'-
'YY:P\6_+X.WH'=KENSFOOO&Z^0X5I7K8

`NMJ8



S/$]D
M(2?1&SBSF
_V/&FQ]T0'CTXNQ`JC
OYX?S'ZK1&G9AQ6XQ&\1^+
?=C.=@M'






7U




7#
FT9SJJ(&AJ($AJ*:+)/[&BI_EBFPT6@X5Q$0U%%`Q%]5)S!;XT'E6$
MP%!4$0)#44V:;8VYIOLAG

M]D


O=V#Z+0A8^XA%)






<E9'C&$CS#S!`%STO\3R3^@2<R'R_Q


M?E]$
ZJW(/229GAR!

'&-$GRI1S06?)8#CC-QJ[$.0*%@I
@T!X!B!@`(Q-#3_P@YD49:'

9`42)#=C=$@#@FJ0B(UC$R52(S!
M5(TL0S$R52(1!%,5$D?5(G$&$S52!0*4R4200!&C%1('`E3)1)C




8!;_C)A2GD*V7'3RFAJ$6&PRV=.DX/-TNM


MJ8K-LSQ'&BJ9D!I7IX*0F#1M


QVVACCK!*@C+U3P2!-#V(_0

N9#
%-RG'B2E$0MDA

M+#BFTB(O]&642M2J%%%




M1:5%J5[2VIAOE!#*9AP=.FN^3);&4)C_E&+8')#\(E\!D0;9-\?7
F$J4\)I



MS6Z4FQMB*UHT(-9!DBP].JN/U@)N(EP8XO.!3:
40V^?MIX=V'$8/5OL1A.%
M.3[H4Z*YWX5AP1%O801/*8!^[]AK-WBP@)=T[X'7
/OJ]29FBES@Z6$7FC0Q





O



II

MI^)G-/+C
=NG=KY_NZ:WBHD4Z26I(/[RG-W+5NVZ_QFY:U)\?;M_VN?7.TB\


M!/\NKAGM`]#TY'O]?
\.U7DC:8:LFXI&5%U:O*9EY6;TL])B_U96^?4_!I%&
MBHFHC0@\&Q&BR*JE$]WX@(K6J
S55$_KK)J5.#9JWRT0=#T.BOP[$56JFY:
M'TF+T:C`LU7YA;28C0H\6Y5?2`L,[+I%\.Q5/IJ6=2,SU[DPVDAT)M9G^/Z
LH.KZHN#TJ<48E[JC$&Y7X
MHY)@5!)V)7V,0H!1A[0!QL.2)62P2R-D;IC&-ENTF,^6+N:*(6J=RA4QK960
MI;$$(:*(/0%IAO!-SA2D)#+A[-2%3X<;TI$=-:?@!1#YY64@S-!X*^7!&
MV8GX^E&X


!&^&!K;CCQ;#NWG@B2:
KRU#
M+#;^5$N3K:Z+


B'C;-E:P\A&
.
M-@S=E-=]._IIB;




MTV4[VF`A+`ZWT=JD85C_44W=D(5=P*XA9D:DC2

MAC+*2B02HV#CV:_A_:

.CK@X
MXN&(CR

)S2`V
MKN+@B(LC'H[X.!+@2(@C$8[$LPCO)MW1#]SLYE2VTQ^.R=$2AC!FQJ`=CM@X

M.!)V2'W



M4_4P_ZMJYK\__O
Z_LYH
M^LR&Z





)9'JNO&/I!'(\






DT!(YB^R?RJ+O!%`UQZWQ22]#?97&]TEWX8UP*CF:E*TQ23`)
0DPB3&
M)
$DQ23#)

4DP23')!!&%

%E-(`APEQ3)
8DP23%
M)


M@D$V;UGDO0-ZC[OE9VJUJNLPB)
3DL)
0DPB3&)
$DQ23#)

M

M3Z4*14@E6$J@_4D?IQN7^SAT&BJ?RVV$TE3*+28!)B$F$28Q)@DF*289)CDF
MA9;(6?RD@6/SO@LHID)ILX@;.#A*B$F$28Q)@DF*289)CDFA)7(6/VG@V+PU
TV?BHF/;-6+XR%4J;0AY(0P(<)<0DPB3&)
$DQ23#)

MBZR_

(DQB3!)




M]V06NW'XB910FC*YQ23`)
0DPB3&)
$DQ23#)

M0]RGP5%3)
8DP23%)

D'X_0R..[[$EX&_5N\(8#=6LMGG$6QJ$EB#CZ-&

9W=/9


S)M1
MI,?[YP,=`3_MDTOQ\C#]G=WEKCV=/=XW)^B_A^*S&OQ[4KV5G]'E\)P?S@6=
M;<H3S\!367[G-'GFBVCCV6CKL,G`OR^3Y^)E]W&L_U-^QL7A]:VF=_X)OOR


M_P1B



M^Z










M_8L#3AH87T^RJ`0H
PM]R-EL^S`U)EF$

1GD`28A)A$F
28))BD'6E*


H`28A)A$F

M!7#6%AEZI?6G6TQ\3`)
0DPB3&)
$DQ23#)


8DP23M/\[OGM2O%-`=I]+K^Q4LT:KQP,LC9J
M@Z*RH&1/+\`Q4_5!_)J!B8])@$F(281)C$F2=J1ZY4X9?654IRZ_G8MCO':

(DQB3!))5$_B;L4DU-^\$HTX3G

M)
8DP23%)


0DPB3&)
$DQ23#



`DQ
M3)

M-6J[LY'*T

HC`QD2
M[F
28!)B$F$28Y)@DF*289(;B9I-K=S3W5G'99YQUP@K.%L'$A^3`)
0DPB3
M&)



M970Y-RYX;6R




M5^QJB/N-A45Y\ZU^W+EOJK(3O3@



MK#+P9V?M^:&XU
-?XOH[KXZG`=(=R2VEJ.%)\-=J*ED#$'KQIOY?J_UP6MM!




T
&LY

H
M90Q1'S7:YY#\0P@E*X?&`[(X2\@PT*IJU!=!8TF`?'=5H`/BA:E_SG0[BQ/M
M8*


H
7?7GHXNO)`L;Y7;)U0!(R32D5IKPJ

MQ9%_+[ICU?96S0^PU7
22&.'-PC\




K2AH#T/3LYW!]+_?]::O;WL+U39M8KJX]%UT?E_197<M?
MN[ZI_F



MB@




!@]C+'(N]31S&.X8HM`U1

;1U3:X4B$(S&.)#B2

48Z\

(PF.I$I$5)F
MW)*HX]=PC)R24'Y$X133$&6RTRVCBC5!#]0(AP+S&.)#B2*A%109IZ2PJ.
M!S'+S4%Y6\1PBBFH#.[UR(@;V1HC3DB$+C$=B'$EP)%4B@H!P$J



MJ^GAL&OX]P2GF`5L7)L+@`]-TU]OZ`MNYZ*/_P
``/__`P!02P
$%``&``@`



M]PX^L/14`#^@ZBC$ZI@B(?W]
HIGY1+*8@P1HQ&B##[2P0OKWHU=9QB\C@VQ

M'2GBHU
B\1
OG

MNI!.W:Y==L2JA;XQT-%)H7NZ#T;XFQ&^665A-7GBP.!!)^0)$V\F30349K`3
MDTF:#:K8:BCE]8GN)1-S/A@5:7XX*\KK




H)$4FL!US8B8AX

MM
'7Z=:


G96PU=3.!YV*_BL?@9CL5XENH-





M:745]6MSRO/6`0]5LW9/;7M9^GZ3G?(R;3QQR2NP'$1=IBW



M6K^^79XR45[`Q4MQ+MH?G5/7*;/E]V
EZO3E#.O^8%&:];Z[FY'[LLAJT8A#

MM2[VOQ=5#M&&/
D







M)`;!
9XN:

MD$(6)GKC!T;C[L8#YOQ.YU*V=H%G*


/RA03P#VO;/0+@LCH5\LBP,94!(<BKT
M/<GN,2WU^6@?K$`]R;G'R(Q)_,O34,B81V-([(5T2*(/H40G]%][(W&4;9+7
M*#;W$@IEJWTKA#*RZS]'_7]0^PIE982.IB&4D13Q^XK*I9DF%?[=&G:*E2?
M5=B[+B)KZ8T')'3`

RTM1





$%``&
M``@````A`&GQV

N*L7KK(UR'U#DK:+U;NG]^/XZFKB
D


ZQ
M3I9:7;K@Y(4_B;53JD'0^AYTWJLU8WT3D;V'
/2EBOVJ2BT^D)$MMMU!@T

MD=D9!JE1P
0HH#L

PS=
MR57=*FKK/A.TO4\UIM-MM6-MKHZ0=]ML
^5


N8[!Y@8__8S;^K
M_P```/__`P!02P


4/T)H;"2PN:6
ML5B%$5$I$FJAR@00P@V)3`9H#F3+8N\U:[%AR0L\<6J&3\SXB-&3
K;/HY6


MP4L)M4+D&I5Y=X0!]'BNY:.PFI2



&]*B3(;.+PZ(*0?
MDK#K*KP;W-=BS4-V!T&R%B3


=94@;$B4YTH
R4*5V#A



M;6R


E%0Q0\
MBD




M=*AZ



&_A]T?````__\#`%!+`P04``8````



MC%;;;J

N&Y
M*D5$WX6A=[O/G[8GI5]
)H0EP%:B&;65AO/,W$FFYFJA(EO$F5+KB%1WWP


R9K8BG

'C

O?$9.KT5<OD
MNRP%J`UUP@KLE7I!Z'.)ECL7:U^JBOP4Y-$I/R8VU_J]$W(0V:AW$M<$JL<
M/

9`#(

Q]G#47:T7K!#N[0


MXBHK
MMPT
LKKN3#B.


$%``&``@````A`
US+LV2`P``)@L`
/#

M

MV8&=$


MU&[&D#'S
IKH)IR%P7#1MYP(@NIWH'FG.EHU\'A6;:*PBX/I4)BT8\!U(ZBP

*(`@%)BE4:\_$COS[YEKWUDHA.!O@8H@`4R+)H
M
:Q7TE=W)+?TRIGH1&YQDP^4*XHHCL!%X\@X2L![.!!\WP6*I()QY$D
L








P
N56#P/ZDJ2,<IH)!^A<+72XYZ6[=(%INSX2V(&TW6(XV]A/_BKQ9[:[72N#
M?A-\X9W_%L_IY1,CQZ^DPN`VG),\@0.E+Q+ZY2B'8+([F/VL3N`[LXXX0^=

O)D?A+9UP%P\



O9&A]_HBR=&!K_V#
MUZ!0G6P



`4$L#!!0`!@`(````




*#MRN\
5?2^8DEK6)@*ZV=Z
M7?,\GL?`5XK`178MB/%ZQ6^(XOU#
?ETO7GM^![??(?Z5;N/RM1?14#AV;#




&NP

M3AFS




2YX;6R
E]N.HS@0AN]7

M9E1!U$8+H*\M(W#IOZ$0]Q.O&


M\))!M&&?%#W\QW*6*7:$G?
]O2
'(9[UT
_0%&JSP'%[:G;D:^T=V8F^Y.I?



*+8**(&<T:6JQGN3UR'*5:D

M$)88(3:*/N0**Q)782TC'5



F
MDV!671$&6'4S/@.1G5/$:/JLQ#ZM`YH.I&5U;3H)9M6%H6-UGCM,W0[^[4=










MM)

MBW0@J/6R98A@$U
N5$F8M8+#EE\%M)
NT%4BW%-VSKCBTC:S%4;DI)2U?N
H
M
ZM66W




9PL]+



A'!ZZBWYTV.7B
JPD:J0K+/


\
(D:J@O!Q24@3OFOY9KKU&
M(T'L$Y&8QF41Q*6/NV%6AZ\
MY2J_M+
QH-BDP?%T40G3XNM-=(3NY`9T'1



S8X!7

V%'VOU/^`





M!)&F%!;QFR+PMRE/,??A2



060=2ZK0(5OE9_/K
$DUO.5S/%
M(!S)%A(&VI:31423SGKEJP'3BBB'9Y.R02VA48.DHQ'#AGRZ5SZB<,N1V.E7
MJVPR7TT/0SE,D9E-)HO`6U7S?`N<:*WL\.GGFWB5'*2*02^F]:62_EF);2F+
M+#-.C91.40R)F4WF(VJ)<6IT=#1CD6%DI=]&AMQD9.WTF:TZIP:&(1U&PIQS
MB&J=YU`
6Z[G=YR:I`8]&.!0OHF;)QK`V5VR\$;U[!16DGE\.R6:U`+G`O4
M(.EH1@+$?`&7%Q]L?`
G9&K+P1EQN!1=.3FM][RGIV.#:HU;0SK./=?P8(G'


MZCDQ2%OAB12_U.PN3UDG5L

`
M`/__`P!02P



-Z<Z)^'




&F_


MYYT9`]3US9_WLYA:V'TY?;^?)?D\6RZ2*
YF-Y^WQU.]

M*#*MCT$2#D)_.4@V3^-L60Q!+CBF[$A_V3'.YU&ZR$WC%_SHT^&JZ:_XO;'%

M2)2;T^;CA\/^YPW-


8FVR'DW
6#&12R`5D!I(`Z0%T@'I?7)+F1C304/]




^`K%P#U]UDY$]K16BE&-J$'4(NH0]0KISAG5



MA

@R-:Y(MT'FC?BB-Y
[!FE*@9





'J%A81

M3]R86KBU5L]THZ^GDFQUMYK1%@5)AA+5GX)L8CR;M:O=`F=KLP9%REEE5(
MT[`5Y6&(LYHH(!G$R=W/;T@CA.OYJX3.CGO%/PQGY&U^H'.[K5NA1'6SZH


/768N56D)+1TM[.9+&*O*OA5'%LMSK5&*B10#FG
M:K4


I#45E1
+?0KBWBXE;,6I+TD@4

TM(Y
MJH0U8@:1VB#E&OD
Y#(-HA#\$9:6)ULU\+&'GKT)K1E3-29^7R8
.3HZ`:

Z?D:)/C:B!
M




\/;MG
MH].


4E

S28J`.`_5!H)QVKX6W



M%?






F_84XO5E<+'L6Q!*G)\
MHTSBN!I4[I8@QJQLHO2


KI0

LM*V-_#0_Z:Y$J%[C'HUW;X'BE

W






/9RZ
OH1LT_3N:=&)EI_H)LU:6^2
M.V'_*;W[1



%OU\W99^M6IA?EWEZWY_DG_0!=V.
M/XCW\?\````__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`=3FC_@'``!;'P``&0```'AL


RYX;6R46=MNXT8
?2_0?S#\OK)NMN0@R2*V
M;@NT0%%LVV?%41(AMF5(2K+[]^4
YT[9F^1AO3XB.3PDAT-KKK_^..QG;TT_
MM-WQ9AYX_GS6''?=0WM\NIG_\[WXDLYGPU@?'^I]=VQNYC^;8?[U]O??KM^[

I[ZI'[C2

M=ZC[E]?3EUUW.(&)^W;?CC^YT?GLL+OZ]G3L^OI^#[Q_!'&]D[;Y%V+^T.[Z



M82Q:ICN?[5Z'L3O\AT*!
(5&(F$$/H61V$L?QTE8..7BSTX%
O'L3^BJU]


M&(27@K/`!/'$9O58WU[WW?L
=@ND8#C5;.\%5V!

M^!FF3)PSE1YN!!)RUG&0I+%#2@E(E8P@.4$*@I0$J4S$(@5[PR45^2I;[.G-
M'/:!D:RU[?1&R

A&+*;`RF
I]QE!.2#JR020&.\K[



M')#:BS1P4KB54CB
XFRBDLLE`@F+=.O=6(76DXM%!+X2&*O*6M4TH!O6HE

=&=[1!&S-




J,0CF%@J5%*HLR/::34

M')*L\/DC#W.T;]E4S8C@K_[L3\2**=2!85*E469!-A8Y$F\LO.AE
4V)-E

KS@9V`N!;1.(2'IN![B;
?9%$/CSVK3B;^`M..Z



HL5`==)G^/M\P528,].*DB%+[ZG


T1BD(YA0H*E12J+
A.)#NI-6'50_$`MW*&
MD#&N;D

=MWK$3H2

P4\)$^6\(3O(/)D!4_X+.P^1.X-4RFK(4I/$DGGZSE
M3:-C+0.5*0VXFKSCV]B1W\5)3]$73R$!:96CJ[@UH`ROXO!/F]MKB&(U62H
M(%*3@8(X388)HL2#M%`+P(WGJ7YJ_JS[I_8XS/;-(R3

C(N





.T7S[MOGRY_
M*SY



MQ]

M+'J5].*&9.!/%&JE2!]%HJ


+F*0K5




\1^?04/=8S0:D]9(K5'


M:
XI7:


M+#A-H1U!J:Q?#K!M#K8RR!%4X28X[&Z\E1JMU2DI.!P2PX@L1&1`0AY4AJ
M







M)$7^7JTU'1Q(0#B
-X

S

M(.6\6E0]27&JPQL9XN!CJ[K[0/*92XYO%*=!+2=O=4:E8PCC)'3D#`1:E&;@




M5I*[XD!03#IX$2JM\]EMQUI9TK$6)5VU66=:(NF:948PP\H%:MGYD4NWT8R`


V<(!F%+MV!THB:?BJ+`RF2'W4'OTV*=9'@$HY


-05*^;
BS







=M?7LU]$6




MJ


MDH^*]1NF/4F%]1[]-J]




















M73Y^^
]7[]^OOO[V^3_IEX^_E!__^$GFSK*=,$_/G_^ES'-?S&(G-^=])U
M0?OEU2\??GWWU^_?#I__DWWX^
_?OE%_+XS+^\^_4TOTOZ\^?30BH&-_]]\?

_I-S_BN&)'^LM-1M'=*IK<SU;C+9+$

/29Q2&3G22+HH&NZC
5?IF
CUS`M/

=(_Y!C?%GG1*0#Z^H$88Y_K#510N1)87*W7BSFR_4-
M+40B!O


M92KR

M;KT?4FEH?V_
_V[LR98ZE$;+KX3__=-R.OOA[;]ID'[/1C\/&$U#DTUO8H9J

MV2=O22F]7.B2^BZY&/M.+M+-/S.9=M*91ZOU7FC-Q7+9`82`(D!9(!R8$4

J@$0N4
5_TXX;Y
M^
?7-#AZPX;J^9_9AOXX(R6.WJ07!Y`82`(D!9(!R8$40'9`2B`5D!I(`Z0%



I@.R`E$`J(#60!D@+9`_D`.0(Y`3D



M(C#UIR$5=#R4`2

M]`$H=K'$*D&4(LH0Y8@*1#M$):(*48VH0=0BVB

MT7.`0GV8
KF#\VK1+-@JFZDSN3$U
M3DIB;4\;Y:J5ULVF-DG$<Q.62P^=@]E<1?=!_^MXS?N'(4'8M91<`$!S5M
M%UW!(5FT\`6\G*F,-V:#F@YI84_K=*(+<ELQ<(NQ6)`YHYUZW`0M/`*S+H`C
M&P(V(




M#%&.J$T0U0BJA#5B!I$+:(]H@.B(Z(3HC.BZ('1(^(GA`]!RC4AUI-WIH-


MRD9Y

MC

6NA@?F0







YMT7

W*A-':

NFD##7MDYW;.!E4S+RLJDDS+5L:C;PLFD8


ZLLE6UJT]U90D-VRU7+6E747
PP3(EA*D:2SNKNWNF?


M
4J#45JTVB
ZH.

_A4E]K


^!2^

M^LY=8Y@&P[1HM4=T0




0TX52YXZMO`Q+C%5)++J4^_

M0

MKJ2FIK$TUSVCW(V3:/(W*N!T\E^/)%:X0

M3LS=`96
T0'=#P&5F&W^?4U;R)G%*^VWQFI&[]:I&[8:GRQ
MNV4K6;W/UC@78!/OE2
;JQV4PG.*_;[^TC/UC(
GC

0Q\8W<CZR&8R
MIYU'=S/_CNQ6/J'PKE3TS%M7M/XHA?












M)&*'44J

M$ZI

HR3

+M#VF&@$@-5C%@75$L/5W
U1FDP2LN(TX'*


CLD4C#B9-VKMNL
@)0:I
M&


M-.]N#92Y

76/P1KQ&$V_9
MBA^K-;7H*_7B3LQ[;.?`Z

%I9
M%&Z(+I6
-NQHRN77);-EJ^X^21


QM




O(5VS&C\

W55



4PRSDS#7LBG9P





JJKQA1WK-J;ME6
?Q^FG
COP%GC?1'*O*



M'G_L)SS+E;J#;IR5NZAL+'(4%*-5@BA%E'*$16(=HA*1!6B&E&#J$6T1W1`
M=$1T0G1&=$'T@.@1T1.BYP%NKFU+:

MFIN&$YQ^H5CCF0ECBFB#%'.R]@
/*2V#E'/PE=
7-6DD2%J$;4
/*2:!EY


M




M=Z`MH_&%;^RL1%T)HA11ABAGY51.MW22WUHR([9R5)E(@J1#6BAI&71.NL

YJ)(F]LY(D#HB.


M)

M9KJ2?2H6KJ5

&
@R59*JN0X,C5V/=QN#/*XM

%G








O)?WM:=RJ
8N&9.@MCGR@IP?:NJ

CHDXTJS+K0_U;3]%Q^Q%

MARRZ5/P;VZU*]-K8*ZU9%#XBNU83V0T[FO=#N/.@?[Y^ZZRZ!27\4$@L!C3I

69F@4[QUBL'H(1;.RH29PP)^)P:CAU@Z




M%76N[C_ZR^$YAB@0[534R;7%ZMK44+W%ZLU[NK%7]W2+PH=98!';-?3C:WJ]


VJP!
M;1'%B!)$*:(


M?^1KZZQZW2!*$*6

[*N]/IY[MR9R4M%HAVB$I&7HN5L_);5#/`VEE)








)(A21!DCKX2;
_(F


[2T*%&'1K:E];R5'&'-X;[:?($H198RHTBZQ



M)68A8:ZM`G88IA2?OFF]$8T^-?BH=!OT:1EYBY:]A+F6[@'#'
7G6KHG\7'O

M1ZSGP:Z7JCPF8NY/*&'UE(J5#4J_DJUV.S(Q&`V3BY4;U`I&[JBCL71W;#Y^
M#DII1\Z!6E-6\OEHMK58R4'/U$$W8C`:IA4K=]![1OV23.5WX
_'C_(H@6U^


60


M^\K?Z?OK4(@3%E;B])A
JK*N?BEN@)&JP(Y4!8Q4!8Q4!8Q4!8Q4!8Q4!8Q4
M!8Q4!8Q4!8Q4!8Q4!8Q4!8Q4!8Q4!8Q4!8Q4!8Q4!8Q4!8Q4!8Q4!8Q4Y3.E

M)!U@)!U@)!U@)!U@)!U@)!U@)!U@)!U@)!U@)!U@)!U@)!U@)!U@)!U@)!U@


MZ0`CZ0`CZ0`CZ0`CZ0`CZ0`CZ0`CZ0`CZ0`CZ0`CZ0`CZ0`CZ0`CZ0`CZ0`C
MZ0`CZ?A

MG0`CG0`CG0`CG0`CG0`CG0`CG0`CG0`CG0`CG0`CG0`CG0`CG0`CG0`CG0`C
MG?A


MY`2
Y`2
Y`2
Y`2
Y`2
Y&295\
G.5EF_MICF$_5HI;DY6SD($A?$E@$EA
M$EB$EC$ED`50]:XKMW]6SMCKO%VZC3/ZTS\40I.=\-$
ZFQKYOWN$?6N








M&(Q

KI/IBJY#OZ/ZYI6
3!UR


M=*

M1)H/DEI
Z





MJ.=\IGK.E`Z]GG/+;*XINHK=SU%D6=!=]-1EN-R@[K)FXZ4?NOS8S!9L:.'M

QKKP[-$HK$F



ML?=B%


T]&1S



4R9G3L*&F5#F%


5`&


M.L!(.L!(.L!(.L!(.L!(.L!(.L!(.L!(.L!(.L!(.L!(.L!(.L!(.L!(.L!(
M.CY3TC%%SD'IV.IG..I8IJ2C;DXDG=[


*PC#.L(PSKL(XPK

ZPC#.L*PCCL(PSK

ZPK.,*PC#.L(
MPSKL(XPK,,ZPC#.L*P3L^=4J5-;6.E5^]=8QYZ\QDQ5*Y#.1JCVZ==81A

M85A'&-81AG6$81UA6*=GP3JE7II:QPJIWCK&W&
?W+$;?#)]-_Z8U421X1-A
M^$08/A&&3X3A$V'X1!@^$89/A.$38?A$&#X1AD^$X1-A^$08/A&&3X3A$V'X
M1!@^$89/A.$38?BD9\$GI5J:^L3*J-XGQL(A)E3C.#N-W;I#C#L(PSK

Z
MPK.,*PC#.L(PSKL(XPK,,ZPC#.L*PCCL(PSK,,ZPK.
*PC#.L(PSK
ML(XPK

Z_3
6Z=4
WOK/%K*&@:$NGIE_$SSRA&O01@.


M


M)NKOUO*H54E;.3Z


:RLGJ;H2U+FZ5SS1LLX@R%,'<
M+WY?7ASB;U@BF0Q#'C=L=A`*1N@A@TB^L7J/SZ_5#_DN)8HNWX^?KJVFX74P
M%O;`L*7H8-V\#G6HZ2`%9U2P#EZ%<=!F%60H*FPS%5D*$IL
Q0]9AZ&*MZ
M]']E4*/,^J,:Z\_85B/P4A@K9?+N8!@.#DA1AY9_QW[9P;&6[-0$WFVL31
M;PS4_5Y\(H?SSE;AD'$,-QS]6,B.]-6H9#5A9J7Q3?]PHC@8O2U_IOO;B&Y


I^
0^







!(IC#U!&%GK64A1



XR^QKRKK&@


M304KONJAEP#&7



MIXUQG[-)\;*QKM]98UV_\\:Z?J\:LWXA167:UOEI2I'-Y]RQ8L^83Y$6K&JW



!4N5

M
*PC#.L(PSKL(XPK

ZPC#.L*PCCL(PSK

ZPK.,*PC#.L(PSKL(XP
MK-.S8)TRM4^M8W-^?]2IM0'==8)Y2JL,W;KK

ZPC#.L*PCCL(PSK

Z
MPK.,*PC#.L(PSKL(XPK,,ZPC#.L*PCCL(PSK,,ZPK.
*PC#.L(PSH]


ZPK.,*PC#.L(PSKL(XPK,,
MZPC#.L*PCCL(PSK,,ZPK.
*PC#.L(PSKL(XPK

ZPC#.L*P3L^=4H]
MH[/.XS,/*X!X2]6BR%1^P#_&W$V[_=TP&^%$-G9K-L-2PK4L6ZZC*6$8:EQ



M^S09K1MAF[F0(@[YK3TV;B8IMV[U-JA^$`$!K
?ZS0RBE.EY*HK-V[THQH(H

_EN!:)8CRY'*%#FP*\?T1W=1E%MH61;6/-%.'*FUS+&!)K
MK:6U6QASR.Q_:B0Q#(93Y-HLW2?1&



YW0ACXRSLKDSYB([6E@/G]









MEX6\^&GM
%1X4J:


)Y#;DD.'*-HS8$1\&Q6PDN4TJTD]AH-P[:




M(H6+2]BPA4@AD9!(B&%BR2U#:200$@A@9#!:(0YQXN[]ZZ'X0I18A4&*M.



!.4;M-(B!
9=
-
M



K9%P9.SDF?;&MM^
W=H%
M
?((0QYAJ$,-82AAC#2+XSTR/]PDBX
!(NC(0+8](EC$F7
9=PIAT;M-

N$G27L/&&O$G:1L


ZPC#.L*PCCL(PSK

ZPK.,*PC#.L(PSKL(XPK,,ZPC#.L*PCCL

*PC#.L(PSKL(XPK

MZPC#.L*PCCL(PSK

ZPK.,*PC#.L(PSKL(XPK,,ZPC#.L*PCCL(PSK
M]

F7

MUU


M=^VRMIU=VDAUVE;^AIW\;]@I?\-._C?

M+:LT*RN2LDISLB(EJS0C!VS$0;X-.T7OG5SOG:+W3JIWD3M7NXB=:[W'WY0K



ZW+PQ\ETUG;
S[_
M4L3+MI



J6;TC);+M.6:EKNTY7BY(%JV9YS1<IFV7--RE[:<[.\=
MGK(
5K?MG);+M.6&EKNTY61_GVB90\YIN4Q;;FBY2UM.L/YIZOQS6B[3EAM:


M``#__P




MSG
8GG`.W6`QFQ


]$XX

MDYB:L;R@RBMJ_HW:@RU80@7U@%_7(9G=3U^A8MAM+EBY)DFV]&$EBV-'$2


MB!0Z

D1R10B=&
MDC!YUY*DV$R2$YA'.?XM(A$B
2()(BDB&2(Y(H5.C(S@



D1R1`J=&

N21(U+8
=16
M8\A$^Y7/Z
3L3:$$\O3=V[=J8BN








0@K


K?GM#
M*X%XFM:S7
'(^DD(C'\%TUTZ92M
G[L%*\(S3*BB/C^`J)FA:AE+#B;Y/X

J7S%MJH=(Y\6,ICZJ&GCG)1ZJ.57(102C&*
$HQ2C#*


LEHB?JT0[N)A+(J\KEU0B?MK-T)DI
UR!2\P,(=ELJ*UC*_`%[1O+`ET#[C%%?N-!U_<KO'YE[Q

M971S+W-H965T






M
CS[S$!P.U'US`PK8NDN/3(DD;*\_T[!0KLH?7=SX)]N
P1WA]TY
:LD]\

MG(+4?O#F7[P]V((E9

UB01@3CR_%<&:0W2&:0WB#/(VB`;@VPEHAA!(YIBY&'-
((Z<U.0D3T
K522AX4N2
MO`$]K



_WOSY_2*..W/&0:GQ6SU#PXM@+YO:'

MEH
#?EZ<_#B^^/$W6J@3U<@*+KEW
M#



32#X



836^5

TI


&U$T*-`X`:BDW&M['B2;DW'M@M7@.IM/9R]+






M5)D(D5681YLA1%S@`PK1Q1;]7;$Q7AQ9P;X:.AIHA3E&7C($1I?D3$8*0_1X




M2*A4AB`9YGT[]HU9D-55/9?;N90]L&.'#RF]3:4.0Z/U(;$D9V=5*@\




4+B['_I





M-F0$ZSHL%7$B*]%FH284R9$E%`T7)N''DAML,W*W`H3;\]M$\YM6/H55
M/@1%
8N/9FPE^:$OXE?*M]N('QHH?@B)T#OVS


2H-
M([*2P4*(&
ES+\4*_ZYB9;RX@B`DE`7UJ.EX33%!AZ2&K*$(1;D7R;%505:2
M#D*\MVQ\\.^*CO'BV#'2@0]8AEVM7E%,$$(A8**#T(1H?@8495)(00$4HG
M-A
:*$;&C6//RA?+.7=5].$7:WY34F48O:C3(65)01=4*@\,B
E@?2NX\E

PR-UN=-

0#2H(PO%T_AQ/`$LT6D%GU2=KGB:H-0__EL0^!71

4/#C.);A$2NH;K
M909'\RUD49:H


ML]#:0AL+;16DD\.KGG/K$'W5K$25I-8!(;%15V0E#P$$^=H;DJ
RFQY]@17?






E2$(J197-Y&R7U5H=:G%C5:^






1LS9D9NU%*P^Z8\Y/&7`8XV`.IRI3::N`RO:.`%M1&L
M_

MK




M)*LF'





UO



9*C6%6*
M]


@0R`C(&
M
@$R!3(#

M5FD#Z0#I`ND!Z0.)@0R`#(&
@(R!3(!


@`R!#(,@8R
M`3(%,@,R![(`L@2R`K(VB95R@ZD4)S]Y&(#^ZJ0IRE(9SF=+^RK4B@@IUK(


@8R`3
M(%
@
R!S(`L@2R`K(&N36*FBB70M50+;J9*$YA1GH06D#:0#I`ND!Z0/)`8R
M`#($
@(R!C(!
@4R`S('L@R!+(LC:)E1=:BU_+B\!V7B0)*
'&%'*[G1;B
MY+6!=(!T@?2`]('$0`9`AD!&0
)
L\X5UW;9B#T*

MU&5#M;2N@G+HM

8I\SSE5




MOC%ZZ6&.4&F







CG+$41^A


MAHA&B


4#DV:Q
M?W5K
I6WKZ



LK]$[
4D?&;TM]+YYV8TWIY?]\5QX
MVSU3OFE)05/[)%\LDG]<Y(PN?$\N])Z0F-R%5WH!;$?KG[+H`\])<N$_R'%)
MOU+V\\```#__P





U;

M-AB


MI0O!75]NE

M7?V1-=7VC^I80K;AG/@)/-?U&Z=^VW((C/O$.A4G\%?3VY8OQ?N^^[O^R
OJ

X8J.@]URV75IQ
B/[ADV\;HFT215KE!
H+D

ME2K(L#(%&5^Y@@3+#83?QJ9&=2!X28_UXLM(0G!YF5.;

5L@:V2PV-%G$








M^M3GYH$/B5X17%-5.5/:EPS_#I^/F3=4%5DW5%6SA(K1-L+WX4!TVNE8HG8T
M51^CO6[

OPE@\?YY_CQ')Z%G?$_!/^B0'Q'PSD\4@*#OGX#
MGM:?BM?RSZ)YK8YM;U^^0P#

ML(


X1

O78UP]7A
QS[Q\?=



MQ]/^Y7]:R$



M

M8Z/$[Y0\R
+D@`5Y!/C7[7@PNK[\!7E@@T+W+4*^+3)I1%0V4
RQ0!*!I`+)

()5`Y@)9&0ID)6)6'Z'[#\



M)465$:J$?K^9`]:08*)\94A*W!Z21H;F7!JZ257+1&91]$.GXL5(%-86CZ)!


5


]*




M$':`P[Y18^KPI9(G(R7FR0G2/.
PZCF-?R%Y2E)BGBE!T`;RY!XX7#/)59$B


M05I
5!+$1%

M(]Y^V-%6^\:6PNLKW%EU&K(+K^=L4:H&'#*CPGB4Z,$(:JR(R]P]W`I:3%1
M1A`3Y02IDP*H=:-QS^D$I)@GI(@YID2A#PM-9


C6)0@94JF$
M

LW9.B=
JB37G+EJ
MDT*WT5V0#INT)(A-6MDT`3R+855++D=VJ)V3'MI?JE




\E5D2)S




M+#PEL8




M'X6VEK=S)D*J;VK$7C.-G14GYST!T3!6D490'KB%=WH&(W\L\B@1
7=&

'5%T%GJ.4LIZG`LME(+DF#J

MD;D!4M;L*P%RUNPH@4K6[!IS9KP:H6;-Z+5JP90NVLC$[6ECO[3*E;RS
MRA&VM@L5GEK+$`ISD0Q0N?O@R4H9=P'2R57AI`ZK&J,-P3KUPJ%A(J$7+L

D.Z'

$+@#W:OL-&4L5L
;`P!
K!:78FA@5


AGK9

MRU&AM86&CDU_




MKY%(.()W1AIG;:YLFYTO

_@?/)*W7

MK@(7:9&_]Z]6K?(!7*!%_BZ\NH
O*L@+WX?PPQP*OVRN##^7\;;^OJW6A^^[



^8

RQW*$RV[1ZN!/^?''8B!\#US:_^\W/W


\'`IED#

M
Z1@2
F0-4
JAM0Z8H0#/!\)AR
JW?EMM_VQ;






3;11EJZ$K#Z3F+%8(4O;FAEU&D

54P2X)DNT%GFUCU:W@7RQT\G:U&ZE(08G6!$E1SW
NI9X8O[0X
MX:/7Q3;ERG'-B)^$K$9EQ6*%AJ&ZQXP@V:K2N=9FY!!&53$*1U*X)DNW+=
PKB[32
M2)2\V0B6CV#%%:.8.L1K!K!:A
S(R0&P6L1LON@'!R-E)*0EN

M#PXLBEN#`DJ.%1R:,VABD.U`9EQ$&/C+7&08R8(THTN782^Z(.29?1!5WI
M@VBC]T$&E7C]Z'(?9#85VH1*N68REXJ1&#RUB`U]4`ZD1F0D9/;!Q&I@*Q=9







SDTI
T]J.8U7+FN0].7WK


CJ=4K%$@<G:0S'
M#



ML/3

I



+R[]?`7````__\#`%!+



MC9K=:W'


KE-3%(6_!_N:U/#=*VW%WB[IC7K^]G^]VU?$
*I[*0]G^

H@V[!/;



H3QQ\MCH




MQD8B'@^-[\X7ON6Y%E4@`A02*Q`1))(2)#

MZVWW)C/LV4;*P$4+62);+:*=)TA(D(@@






ML]#=!AO(FIMMX(5L=D4S1#8*Z$H^2R*2\GR[`BFIQ36S6;NZ9+:=TJ*](;-U
MQS
K3%?S^+2]9=

UU)LI=Z)4BF2&EQ`.3.QY_UIY=
MUA0-^WC4/BTYHH


M$SW[+4M(B5$_T3KC
24F_41K6U-*S/J(YJ'%
;6F!E5BV)&W9FD)3:!-&2$@

%^J-X!./YZ`<(V?6DYOI93/7VOS\QPH
MHBCH\^QG`LI)^HX%Z(24V)R$S&EQ*PCLF=94.'IN3[*YSJ:Z+N<IL/.R]

BF%RH`DBL9S9Z5Q2!F16DHR/&
ZYIL34TZ.6/'6B:EE`Q3
M[B9&1N'@L:'+)X^;F(80T$2D)7O5J9N/2G5S2*!@D02+:V_:$2Z#B1@@3'
M,\R742++))C2$R5R3!E
76Z%V


M/AI'C


MP3.[U45)=!Q(@6!-J-HDA-'%DMN(J9*JELQ4U/E2AB+./

M(M[6F8=00CA99]WD(Y)52IG-5!%5WM&YA)*BCG0QDL)
8[7D)F)*5\PZHB@/
MIIDXEE]\/F&UVVHA$F*C4)=C


(/3);SQ0
MU*-G
X$O7WKP1Q_T\TG!
G;CK^`'1FK0!OSN=1N\[G-ZXX[!TMX57.8#=V*D

[Y2_%G7K^4IV9P*)YA`\;\1YQ:?$\C_FC%3R.#IZJ%SV-@C^#3!_CN



26G:;[_CD2)YU!'(FZ+^


N/LWS;;O93/M3=VFGN^'676'D

ML3NW

73_VYGW^@TSBZ[+=?GZ_#V#Z=



MS*==G)5W195DJ2CBZ*F;YB^]G!M'^]=I'B[_*:
4HRM?F
/G=FX?[L?A+8+&


M2@E=RH*RYU9QMRYL2CGSNX[#GBO-(
TP@%U*N3
9*IB`!K-3T7(7
QE**&SO
M


%-IADWPF#




@H8PN
MW!K;







LX






'P?6:1(2C*2
M;
3B^83!8
_

G
M_8?+?^V/E__X^)__\?[WX?FOX_?]_N6(CP=/UQ^?WGY<7UU=;S[OG^\/2X.

8AZ]?



Q.$/FV09!%OTBA]


M&QC9?J'^87W??LF1[1GJ'W]VT;9/1*Y3O'+15WI@3`
JOWVY_?C^^?#[@F8I


M(/G*3(OQ:K-P&2*NQ\J%JZ9)0O)[72P5T]QL9*7-@11`2B`5D!I(`Z0%T@'I
M@0Q`1I\P(56AYV4U=CPJS
72Q.]B0'(@!9`22`6D!M(`:8%T0'H@`Y#1)TP9
M2HQ#RBC

MZ2;.M3-(C





).;GPV=T@(:M

3.::SLCTJ1U0@*A%5B&I$#:(6


4(%6):(*48VH0=0BZA#UB`9$


MQ.*:E,S1WF5]4:4Y#MGY3K9[&A1@58EH@I1C:A!U+J$/6(!D0C0TP[5=+[

N6IG-9V+GEAS5\.E.U$!

V]OZ1T?
M#%%;I%L=)XOHU


U;SQ$`/

M^0`XD02O







M


M*_;



217X+KI`*]2NZ5T(Z`




M0_5[1





VIJ[\S06G3U/ZZRF\YQ^?#,+5=P1W2D57[V_0NSZ3O8B)]%U
M.-LLRI9B.M\91W]'$E&!J$14(:H1-8A:1!VB'M&`:&2(=^<357&&5;%!_HXD
MHAQ1@:A$5&J$36(6D0=HA[1@&ADB`NE2B]OW-NJ
M
E&1O?&HE.)I;_G7%D
MG6QVM`M@58EH@I1C:A!U+J$/6(!D0C0UP[5;^$M--U#=-.(];)`.49H`)1
MB:A5-J$+6(.D0]H@'1R!`3BE[7&Q1JXGPF
TAT








M/$9]?Y?'G#W%$RVIHS=PGJC)=UT-+(N&TU&EP$I@)1`*B`UD`9(Z0#TDNB

AR(`60$D@%I`;2`&F!=$!Z
M290C*`BF'.&P=H0G%`^ACQF0'$@!I`12`:F!-$!:(!V07A+5:\H*IGKML.ZU


1$2K0:0P51@:A$5&J$36(
M6D0=HEXA[37U`F'C3'#R=YJW#QN7*E`CE(Q`RA'JP)1B:A5-J$+6(.D2]
M0MH%+DL3+AAB)J6H.+2R)#ZMHVPL#/P-(Q
Q4`!Q/NA/&GP%!*B(;87F2T05




]=;I3%B\\0CT\/XH
-6+5$);30E.Y
M5BBLIX6FYFG8:A'KP?9-P@Z%_2FA'@R7L=K!F--&



M:8V*7BPE

MA;137.4R%8&^HE$1Z)%VBDD`


::?8[#!C*^45;HOC[H(^PJ'KL0)%):,0=Q/SV[<J;E0;
M#=W(K0-6PC7MT)T-/+\[82R%\HA\F8'
T]7&HG(.W5$



*=YZM+\T6


59M$JN!'5`J$56(:D0-HA91AZA7
M2'O%5%(00^9
G`[G((:@4LJE3X37YK,-Q=FP87%!LG6#7!Z@G63+!V@G43
MK-=


B?&



$!Q4A4!



Y6P22JZH!8
MM=W@LLI=BT?4K1#%KLW%MLSK*BC[DTH]B[[%UG3J0
8=U1G1X&1*K72-)X:
M#H^:L5+66J&Q4'JL5OH3$F;^%-A$:9JX2.C=@=E/*Y351I:D&[MR-T$5XK6
MJC!_15%O17)CT4-AZJN30X%UUY+1B2-N-I-'W`'%P^LB(''$'5TJA@E[A
4






ME5+JD3Z:
B=&&1NYS[



MOZ%*QN3Q!:I*K5K
-O8

?;30NU

MK9&^7E$[E$?:*3&L_:$)[4PNWU5.\2B$W\2T!TW)S;!&?OQTN$V%MZFU!#\V

MC+2'31:9L9'RL&]*=*M`JY*1L*K0JD:K!E&+J$/4*Z2=XHJCB:F]\D63G-J



M*TD/?DG!DNO@%3IE:;FE5/&9K3TC\E_4')M1(?YR0K'P=]1Z,J@^\1-@N1


H5TB[X$`MLL9:A)$)#%M2




MBHI\%ZT7R9)^=S@N#(-/2I:)EBILJ69$A:IO:4

M/7+?-A67GE4LNW@T62AW'T9R]^&V_*G9!452?&[V`+13K:&=FA%]6\/@@?6A
MXU'ZRROOZOY@K[
U1N[;=
;N;\WG4[)@%*OL/:TZ


M``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`JYL`B;`



&_D1#I'G/&6/(CV5
MK-*.1+*:OOCKQ6+5N9?H2NI/+E5-^DHJR!8L\+KM\M*49ENGD^5$+2?0%Y

0P:F[$BR/
'W9/
0$1SL

MG@K]2YR_


MY6#]N#HNZ`

Z







M;(Q6VVZC
!!]7VG_P?)[`R;W**1*M^INI5UIM=K+LP
F6`6
;*=I_W['-CA`
MB-27*AS&YYR9\0S=WK^5!7IE4G%1Q9A




]&;C=-

MYFV

MXY[


M38_L!Y5'7BE4L`PX0^


6EUOX[82?2]P_X.A=]LB17T%28I*
MPMY;H`6*XM[V67&41%C;


M?KK_&



MY_[4'\9A&E[F';C;:Z+^F
M]N0=/C_?//8Q`AGTS=B\/T2_LKDE9M'^\5P'Z




-M$`MRIV=
405
M(G*#JK32R%*N&G


STM/#='LMC!;-#F1O2QVE!^R%\7.U@#$3XHA*4!)


&^B
MD9V)TAD#YBAKO)WJE:
N_6[Q88)
4L4TR&1C5CIQT+.
`2PFU:G!]BRY5GR8
M+/N6IJ43CXJ,PXH$S9I])P;D$+`2&CJ3&`\\19'



MM;`AB#QU$)AP6
UX0



HQ2X81$4:HQ0/B[&`S@5]6
`Q$G8[TLD&::!20^
ME?*QE-W
V[8B
V@=*2H-MI





G

*!A*4MT9($=6)5+99Z,5]T2^],O%UK;;R8[/%V
MO0VVP[G']H!(BKFJ6:R['(RU94!+<NN%PD$0B#HX(EHJ-I(,M(,G<LFH6



M;_F[:

V\_MY%?R5RZL;7KNZ.QVES&-[/

M?\S#17W&\33
\-V+^O4-/FCJX)
0R/%H\S(
\_*'_!1G_43J\?\```#__P
`
M4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!7#DC?W@(``



WBE7S#
M


M/=5'




MO8\A*$AMIMDWFFX.@5T)NX\;'


MSL+D
_2QB^XNHNE[J&
-

M+?W8S?#.PACW*1[!







MF`92[4!F$%BY4!:&E]5!:.5
M31!:NU`;A#8NU(4@D;B0#$(H3F(CR
``S\8@5YH54J%SM`'HS
CK(Z)+2
M*ZF\DMHK:;R2UBOIO!(Y+'$Z!
JT4^
MNS=%UU=]?:BQFJA[0ED`0;P!:'I@U$3+$AU+R!CAJ`IJ#%3MYZ`JI6J2.%88

#

!2
J2U0L4;-$PQ(M2W0L(7M
MC\QZ.7`@1U;8;@QD[3U4E5(YR6PM#&,\]&&=^[:`Z-Z5RQ1LT33$Z:??C/:


T&B:]E7C_:B8HFZ)[14WBV:

M52(PVN\*$3W]?1LU`J


MX@Y2`SCY]+8



4C-8\T/-+R2


M)[6E5_K
Y2$3*]*@QC&WV2S6=-_=.L2#6.7P*

6W.EZ01$JMY'U8I
MQUUB7-%
)N)*2_
T$4M7S(D



T'5
7_LT-3[[(.#?++D_&-F0LX?2XI%AJ'BD

M16?D5*.F-Q1P0W==:OB;M#S2\8B

:3C$1E%7&%!EH'OTH










@/UYV*KW%L62HM$/+I1&E%\R:W@-61++9:]#`J&0MCW0\
M(J.(JVHX*\L69EW%&:AB&0ECU0\4B.BG3%;T&6_02`B;)]CB(=;T5&$5?8






U;:7BDY9&.1R0B2G^WRZZ\;L9&CR'S0.:6D5.1PD+F![ZK)%G0




+1\%2.!O^&M]CR2

M^PE^[J

M971S+W-H965T-2YX;6R


MFC9`9F

M\0/_I6&NT`ZSL`)\+QC+R][RCH+/7@UNK-/@$_JMP[CL@SCT(O_LF8#A\!O
M(SB(O)=V.C7N:+L#T3)9L8PUC4*YV'?08#/3@]7=*-M@!7,&)WQBS^FL78R

M/BW
;33\26S^`0``__\#`%!+`P04``8`````$`VI

F6UOXS8

M4C0]]':X[8`-&(8]O'8=)S$NM@/;O=Y]^U&4K(@R!=R;HF&HOTB*/]I5']]_

MGQ[?AO'+=&F:.0*%?CK$EWF^/23)5%^:KIHVPZWIX9O3

MXJ+NFL@T+9.N:OM8*SR

C;7:H;XITM[FQ:UKOX1


M+L/;KV-[_+WM&Z@VG)


M[?I!6R1NEXOM+N?E








/C-*
`2M/=R[^
MZ.)%R3RII`B


M!PUR

*USSWEPT.Q):'!HUXO`N
LI3+KK[R^!^+4G
MSSV91&#LY10JF[BAQAG2Z




M=`5%RLJNGT_HR1U[P6.#9B]S0Q+)7`8&7:$`N3]_=

M



MT9

M1?7PVL


P+Q]@Y\3^#^7I?P``
M`/__`P!02P

M971S+W-H965T


@Q(BW3!6B
MK3+\Z^?CS1HC8VE;T$:U/
.OW.[_..'[4GI9U-S;A$06I/AVMIN0XAA-9?4
M!*KC+7PIE9;4PJNNB.DTIT6_2#8D#L,ED52TV!,V^CT,59:\0?%#I*WUD
T





HOB_$.(=]3MYH);F6ZU.+H#4IJ.NEZ+
M-C%4D#EQYU10H+@RH!\S.
DW)(C5(
-0?=#T&7
&$$`/^8`PS


T@!$XLUS$E#4H4W]O&\-/J.]K
MR77%/_&F


O



MN7M]:^BXIT)E6^WI3O3OX+`3
TNQB@H<M80)
M)8KHK1!_%/(D2Y(4)37A7P]^
+T;_Z+@WJA59\0%UD;$1&B8N4(2`PD`9(
MR8#D0`J;C


I;



MV9*^_U&]LW0;9VZL0[KE1B*4%X.H0!]^JZD]**$:(848(H190ARA$5#/'3




M)N2=\)'H4D7KD?*QHBFIQ:5MBU[G;OL[)4WV2N9JTS[M#N=\\UY[1DK'=X0H
M1I0@2A%EB')$!4/L.$6@V'[1):WE_-@4LNK7&E&$*$:4($H198AR1`5#W#AG
M8##&X6S@2^24M*ZKMT]$UIV4.4Q$








M

M8]1('`W?^J8G4Q]U


S[U*)!Y\SIIL4Q7$\D$@LW`7!S)E*
MUEJJRYU((YEN]/S)Z2*Q%NAT$HW.]LE42W6*F49G%7
MU2D6&O7LDGN
FC)$
MG




M+\[TK$/GU'M





M3T2\*

2`ZD`%(J8#4
M0!H@+9#.)R*(M%;Z032+G,)]K(R/MYHD9,@&)IE'07Y9(:.V!I(!R8$40$H@
M%9`:2`.D!=+Y1(2&$F4H-`K+T&A.6.\7@%9`\F`Y$`*(60D@-I`'2`NE\


P*F)#F0`HP
M6VKB-5V!3






M;Z))

PT-[4]R`V:::UQX'[AGKNV!V8/]]`9KHRBOQK#E*^=5#][
MELOQ?.+]!U

MSR!B@/E8X@]=

M(GTTBKIX*VXE3KPTRI4BY]`&4HE2
J$)6(*D0UH@91BZ@32`9*'46\0+V[







K)2+(*,
MWN=6*4RVC%2.J$!4(JH0U8@:1VB3B`1057E0@2'WY8P





=

FCX/EI^7

M6*ZQE.B]MG6^]_JYF
2


-6M_YP%L`ZI*6$#QJ=]X$-^SXPTB


M


'C?E(


D0YH@)1B:A
M5-J$+6(U


3_H)


:5%7V%`R]3P@)U;E1(#_$MR

GKYMNVVQR^[5Z.HZ?M`TV92?\V

MW/P/``#__P


;Q[6MWV_$_0\
OK/9:*`GAZ035@.%










MFVO

0(\BI)&^E

0

25.+I
M8FL3S^%:/$^

@:9@$Q!9B!SD`7($F0%L@;9@&Q!=B![





MB
8!%6=JDJ
C.GK<
MYZC8XX'H6*':$:XL88M
'=.!JZ&:^2`BS3A)_MZUV=`^A:C;/&T

ZIY#8?TA#B
:)#2**$
=$DHIPXC2@GSB+*4?.(
(<M0QHG-4+:K?+0)ZLB
M*F3$^IG]T1#FKI:=+KB^WV4D7W4;1EU



_%\':YXXZ&]ZU1MT:@





MV


[&FURE&_T_JI7K@7S
M+J




M#:8]%6UK\X%Y//44$LME`-&(J$:$TV(ID0SHCG1@FA)M):$VV(MD0[HCW1

;KLT#*M?F1$.B$5%#-::$$V)9D1SH@71DFA%M;:$&V)

M@89:CY\US6]!C8@:HC'1A&A*-.:$RV(ED0KHC71AFA+M/:$QV(CD2GE4




[-.R')4O





-&:$LV(YD0+HB71BFA-M':
M$NV(]D0'HB/1J4*U@&Y[6`CH5PB=55^WU+3W.H_
'&RKOB%14=$!0Z(144
T

`C)R
MVX)PCDIR$XV(&J(QT81H2C0CFA
MB)9$*Z(UT89H2[0CVA


MFF@]
IKF0I(O.-RFJ*PIT(A1#=&8:$(T)9H1S8D61$NB%=&::$.T)=H1[8D.

MB)9$
M*Z(UT89H2[0CVA
=B(Y$IPK5FCY31+IE$2F@ZN89RD.Y!C%DU(BH(1H338BF



MB*9$
Z(YT8)H2;0B6A-MB+9$.Z(]T8'H2'2J4'T=F3MKO&'=\0X:4+DT(AH2
MC8@:HC'1A&A*-.:$RV(ED0KHC71AFA+M/:$QV(CD2GM4FA4'+E:S-+KC
M2B2B[J51C
KO20P#TI.^\WL`_(&A$9
:HG%LQW^%W*`WN
DS176P]\^L7\Z\






M68_DM668#7RBHM)Z)=&-)JB
9$$Z(IT8QH3K0@6A*MB-9$&Z(MT8YH3W0@


M:HC&1!.B*=&
:$ZT(%H2K8C6%:I/\:4MFUD%WG/+%E!UBGW40U[7#$-4@481

OO[98S*XUH1K2M4GWFS

MC%%SH@71




9)&CW$`NMKJLX\W!

M@/PB)@:4!9^6&Y'O__&Y9IK8C`]XHT=DYA8PCA&='4UBE&]'OP%5?4=U\3F\



^H/<J4*YL855D73R3:








MQQ25-04:
:HA&A--B*9$
Z(YT8)H2;0B6A-MB+9$.Z(]T8'H2'2J4*VI*S^U






+D`3X`DPO`Y`(PN0!,+@3\#D
M`CY`$PN`)




D&8+(!F&P`)AN`R09@L@&8;``F&X#)!FR`9AL`8;@
D&
M8+(!F&P`)AN`R08E
S9P]:W!OGR]H6O6NI0#*LN;S!=WF#2%4RZ@DE7,.D*
M)EW!IN8=`63KF#2%4RZ@DE7




M:6';%K9K8?L6=FAAQQ9VJIF1VI5=VB[AGJ_'5)=P8


.E:
M

$D-)JG!)#68

.D*)EW!IN8=`63KF#2%4RZ@DE7,.D*)EW!IN8=`63KF#2
M%4RZ@DE7

M
$D-)JG!)#68I`:3U&2&DQ2@TEJ,$D-)JG!)#68I`:3U&2&DQ2@TGJDAFI
M72&E56I?8:FE#E67?
?5)0RF2QA
NH))5S#IB9=P:0KF'0%DZY@TA5,NH))
M5S#IB9=P:0KF'0%DZY@TA5
NH))UY(975UII%577S.I=4UUE/(2-B\.2^H4

M;
F

ML9$JL5M3S5







M?8@#;UH%9JR.`F$

G%*=71[MYPYE8B3)L2FIL$MQ
M=OP'5F)8T9_LF5);^Y

M');2.GJ4PY`J.Z54]FBLY&I5WV4E7]RJ9TW/W#?@Y[5/\;
7H2;I?OA'DVNU
M;`K




MJA1


DU+/.IJ*BVR#'-DFY71T)]L@5;9)J:8[8QI7
M6BM








M?5]VJN;JP(R

MLS-3I7I*==-4_\:4H60!'U#83!;`&&2!U%#'&.0*I
H5+TF549`JH[PD5=Y!
MJKQS(=78R=61OLM.OO!4V\FS2Z5&?=$B2HV!A5M_FYV0)#MY%I+:[80TV2FE

=8Y=DH[O215=D*J[/225-D)J;+3
MA51C)U?KLG9RFYVVGTOKZ6[/.XQGKKY9W&'

MT[QCMCV:KE[2DP7AN4;Z@_TB6K,8]I22Y
+14CYW.3UC#[C$K&3*V=C7G7


IB;U&NI^_CX1PXKI$ZI
MD4EJ
$D-)JG!)#68I`:3U&2&DQ2@TEJ,$D-)JG!)#68I`:3U&2&DQ2@TEJ
M
$E=





7J$7)@ES[IPU2)[9LSJ2CO
57ZMZ::8J4L@0'+$BVIY2==SJ^-RB4^

L5


M5/DII:)#8R57K?HN*_GR5FTESRX]@!_XL'KAY-F=MF%Y+K7*RDI(E952JCM&

M8S[

)&^3;K2V2U73S3D\^XW'GJ#0++9T_3
M#.)D!

MQD5^0);\D+(Z.I1%DJ+I%1T:`PC!=L-X_Y@KV_/:L/8W\U]ZMV&L*R#!.8


I1SB
MI!SBI!SBI!SBI!SBI!SBI!R8E$.NE$.<E$.<E$.<E$.<E$.<E$.<EOCC'*N



R5&JJ
DBI#(56&NI!:&TJ?PZ.AGOW0USG:5$(N_2AKQ@F
MN^<]AWV6-^SEL+-R_Y^R<VMRX[;6Z%]1^=TVF^1PRG'5=;H+HWNTKN2
W92
MQXE2DE+G[Y^UB;X`6'M(Q0]QO+#1:/;Z&M
-DDVMB3VL*DYLZ%%5=MS0Y66?



MD60QHBM&3L4(I1@)%-R8B\21KY41YC$2(X8X1`C6)H%\.QV/N$?4C8QY9U
M$8CEO2H\W78KJS[-7\V1]:IUI?EK))*ZK+YEK58J@60[48JL50+89J
52+
MH5H


M+INT
H&+H5H

52+H5H
U6*H%D.U&*K%


;R*X54
Q?`JAE<QO(KA50RO-6N]7M;K
MA2R:S'?,QX9N:7!DW2FL=RZ6LN44-GLXF#U*V..$/4G8TX0]2]CSA+U(V$W

YQ(QE(W
MC4(T#
F&1B$;2V$]2K=21%Z6NFD4`F-(8C0*B5D*ZU&Z10I2M-1-HQ`C0W*D




U)T9C
!I
`)W;C#RI\'(
MWYG!B)X&(WKG!B.)&HPDGAF






3?-2PA5U\2_3W#
MDFAU);W+L%HVULEO.I%4N<!B]7ZP^Q=5&-EM(KJ<CU0EDS;?!;6Y;.[/.1R



23/4EF-\S+
%45X*Y#)L?69*I
M;B1S'K$_LETN8QDWS659WVUS65A[RUU8&T+5$3C5$3C5D2[5D2[5$2?5$2?5




AI*V7H'_7]


G(J123$R*48*Q4BA&+$3(W9B)$N

MM1BJQ5`MAFHQ5(NA6@S58J@60[48JL50+89J
52+H5H
U6*H%D.U&*K%4%VS
M3G4LQ*6JRPI=J[JP5O6%WFW;SV65:C%4BZ%:#-5BJ!9#M1BJQ5`MAFHQ5(NA
M6@S58J@60[48JL50+89J

M0[48JL50+89J
52+H5H



;R*X54

Y:PYPE[D;;A+U


;R*X;5FG==8


M23VD[BG&KOPQJ_Y*S5TGQFPFQFPFQFPFQFPFQFPFQFPFQFPFQFPFQFPFQFPF


5(@1@K$2($8
M*1`C!6*D0(P4B)$,5(@1@K$2($8*1`C!6*D0(P4U*Q+02Q#I'-\69]HY_C

;R*X54

%8J1`C!2(D0(Q4B!&L1(@1@I$
%8J1`C!2(D0(Q4B!&FK6I2`69*H4
M+%=P9:6F/;O'U9OFDX

%8J1`C!2(D0(Q4B!&L1(@1@I$
%8J1`C!2(D0(Q4B!&L1(@1@I
M$


ZQ8)J^=!:]H._XD@<<[




M6;.U=;:UWX:KW])
Q:R6;HD-93P.?\)_V[+]?/9`2YY














I@)1`







M*')O'W]29:NY))%1W*.4D5AEC#HK)U-J#SG81K.(GO:ZMYTI'1PX`5](W[MM



MF?XPE_O-[9B:P7^G8WK&=_*GD5-TH[%74)?DH2(RD28F!E$E5AV;!..1YY2B
M4\9..AIT[/5JRM3$^3L]TQ

;OF/'3M_1D'
0C;UI-

%:4Q]X*)KS$




MV7LX^X'`W_:$VLK:CR4&67O(E)'9Q\S&UDJI2U^&.CD[R8ZJ8*1U%O%TY&U@




?\@4S./B)3
M






M%/L+W37[B

MXJE!_307!WZO





M3C(


M6


M
[Y9?'$O21\XZ^+@#%-_TV-%;T]F=?(3N:XAN/)O(&.O6;=Y:4LH34OHR1


`KV$N$2D8B
M5#$R=9CR[Q:8F@U$IF$D
JU!IF/TH8YW?3PCIA7U8
@5]Y9G&KU5(8R572$T




B?&

Z6FX!
5DR'1%M
MW:5=LI=^V/?4+#K\L

MJI^`$:6(
D0YH@)1B:A5-J$+6(5HC6B#:(M@YRD^-M17DW1%_YYD\*!M%.
(4C\%P4#0&@Q$LJ`?=U'75
MMXF^DO#Y[MNNO7OYMG\Z7CSLOE(R:;5

M%Z?1MTSNZ'O




\@XFG_6'?




)T\U6V7[87N=+)[;[OF^#\I


3


M`O[YX(7!W?PGI.D.A=9C0J;(9A`1R2HL)XRDC&2
Y(P4C)2





D9*1@I&:ET8O@/YY7N/RVR

T#+0&JT1+8S3(_)LI[!I@;TRN.[YEE2MOQE/[_`

M+4WB2A2(QO3G0Q`N9G#EH/YC3C

V[%P:YDLB\!@^3.VI5(R^D-HM#

K)

M9



M
VBB6]8R\]
:+KMK(V

MSB
J^1DA930GHZ'


%
M:2E#)2%EJ+(-Q?[
T19#%2

!O*G`01


%L=-/W
MLTE17+]A(`2%4%5`UH$H*7$/L(S@J7G\`1=

M5TO[81.EM/DEB
BK*+(BD7*=C`;3?9)3(I\B-[IV90/OPND^?=:
].)6(F-C


M!3^JCG#768E?)







22]`OMJ(CJU*/T)78?Y\;8IJQJ@

MH2A^G\4WBG0E#UCB[9JSDP/'`W**!JO#AE;`K$J(`VAEJISWRJLQ8!9@?=FB
M$
W6_@MT)6U!NQ84:O\

PL-5W%



N&5G,O(^X4N5=H1LYL1EDJU6\Z_YVZ6RCI2B0;3
+\B`X*1







UNX*\?P=5EK]
?7K]E/P:N



MI!F9?5.:C;Y)LT_/K2.=)N6]8GC=2Y
^#@(?
B$R)5(2J8C41&9$YD061)9$
M5D361#9$MD1V1/9$#D3NB!R)W

MZS3X$T2#5#(.DI!4(E
B)9&*2$UD1F1.9$%D261%9$UD0V1+9$=D3^1`Y([(




M(B61RI+H-5!T]+9+(A\9W,BR)+2Z+.5D'3TMDZB'QG&R);(CM+HL[V0=/2


MVK7Q6J\;BMBZB-=ZW=GM4:][:N/@VGBMUSN*.+J(3*^)99#JV#+^-LS@U!J6

E0
MM)P8

4#IV4]-ZR]AM#0P52M_XK7E(:78G/E'X)M:K


8EZY%IL9C3S1





:BH\#YQ*OPQA[-W'9T


M8Y%9TH3SKCN0F2T=J%GW1P


X)#


9HS
M6C!:
EHQ6C/:
-HRVC':
SHPNF-T9'2?H'3Z

MK5?)$GSB4

MG8EG7:Y=\^YRW=$WE%.W'?.C/PU*C\QJU[^(0Z=XY55V'=/&DYV&Y^3'+L


5AT-JI]5XQTZ5[+1MR^UT_S*]1;HJ
CMM(Z)&2FZW

[U

W&RJMD7&M&FP2E1SYWQV$J%_J%LFQ9M\?W'PXE
RVJWN:!.\BJU



M]HA$$]

MI@Y1I_C8!8[LK=N5/JH3V2Z3#GUP?HJLQBG5DK9WM)*=9:J%E6VKYG;GEPN
M[*'`3K9TOY&6U3+LU2KLU3KLU2;4ZK$(*BFOFG)V^C3
H!#:FI1L_[8J9QQ



\^O3?BB:



MA*:L*AE5C&I&

CHSN$Y3FU)3BHNML


-@E*









M
^T%_NFI9DH1R`Q&#SNJLU2UJ%QA6XUYY@3Q94-B6OI?G*5:GJ5:G:5:GZ7:

2REH,^%57S!%^\;!IIDP%


M7!%NMJ^E@99N-J=4J4U



M/`@JR2FA*:M*1A6CFM&

CH_L$I3DU

M:D8S1G-&T9+1BM&:T8;1EM&.T9[1@=&=XR.C.X3E.1TFL7FB^;TQ\K]\EN


MJ9\R*AE5C&I&


H?ARFCDE'%J&8T8S1GM'`([XWZ02Q%
M)1-/3__FQ4I4/G#-:
-HRVC':
_HD*`TBZ;

FOVB]%9:Z3]`)()=M;1E1G57I$
MLZQ*CV@NJNR(%FY[=*%;2DC+(%=9E1[D.JO2@]QD5;JM;5:EV]IE5;JM?5:E
MVSID55%;J7U-=4Q/

.!8I6ZM[B+$+C+]KVJ'4Z=%`FQ+X

M527+'(O
]AQXD$#N+36.J?)%Q@F72UO]2PQB
M4?01C+%9VIHKJ!RSB4=R_9YZ)*K2(U%5'HFJ]DA4,X]$-?=(5`M&2X\D<.61
M!*X]$M7&(U%M/1+5SB-1[3T2U<&C1I7F057_FOL4M;CD0JYC:053$=]_FOL

MD;^6W

M@S:'4G-T5!5H[%6Q.6Q;

MHSOQ#0D+)T]

M&RN*^-8R
HZK*
9KK9[^O?JQ#Y1UR\2AY


/$GBJ




M
7$J_/Z



9HSFCA4/QZ@*C
?6#Z\V%-C6$E
MC_R-:,-HRVC':,]HT.TNR9FI+/7H$;R\^X-8]O1]5'+9$0RIY%445S[%3F
M





M?=%HF^L#G&U[C1Y+P\:.N1\6I1\3@HTIIX-49%?=(?P+(7H&T,2AU(-:

M(U$


M#D:@]I!\TB'YI$.F28=

4Z

M2(?


M0VBV/Z3;B+K(=W4$-(=&FH9`QQ`H7!`&UFQ2O]7@7\0%'P0XAJZ1`6H5!8



P30JE#
:AEY*3!R`V<:%NEL`NI/%I<(I)`J^2:+H5]S@&`J
M8T)0RV&#8R@4C@FAYK#Q-YK#+%:1FH5:@EE2RV#@%DH%&8)H4WNXJ]=]0L^
MBH)90E1+AYAI*!1F:'4H3*+*8.^Z;[!U4WE-[UOBRO+.NTO*'D9YC-?_X:)
U16RE526V]!
MN:Y:7%EV\A;4RJ+[2%C)

/8ZB8*
0U7)`82
%P4<AK*5'

MEFG4&0]A)IIJNC1KW+#!%82)0,FH*9@@M!4RRC@PJ%+\X)A54H%%8Y)Q3N

$P%#4%0X6F6D8!0U$H#'5.*`Q%

MX

]:+



M
:2:&%)-#*DFAE030ZJ)(=7$D&IB2#4QI)H84DT


M
:2:&%)-#*DFAE030ZJ)(=7$D&IB2#4QI)H84DT
J2:&5

MG=6.J52KIX7C0F22:F;3C*[



0@RF(P13$8`IB
`4QF((83$$

MAG`

E4+G+

U1FRN8+
[P.\10S6HBY@K:!K
MZ0+.C+?!8Q%#+ZB+NKH&OI`K8*
M\%7$4
IJ(N8*J@:^DG@HRWP4L10R.
MHB[@J*!KZ0*&C+?!?P4



*9TW-(NS)K5Z8=@

U6#^K
MT^WA=

M-0-_YN

<CA.(^L;9DO;=H^_U](JH:YP+TG5D<NT/G`O4


*8%`IC
MGM4MC$FQ

;?O[


.J28=4DTZI#K6J52;







M
3B+&
Q$#&8B!KL0@UV(P1_$X`]B\`


MQ)!J8D@U
:2:&%)-#*DFAE3'3*7:%.*RJ79UO235EJ6I[JLY'JD.LBC5Q)!J
M8D@U
:2:&%)-#*DFAE030ZJ)(=7$D&IB2#4QI)H84DT


:\K
ZS*L#K#9ADV
MS[!%ABTS;)5AZPS;9-@VPW89ML^P0X;=9=@QP^Y3IDQA*F'1^7_RKJ1G2V?)



MX\S^8;F0C3/[EQW+QZ$YG-E=N

M<5AP
NZW--''-F/F!QX









5?.FT






M.?QU05


(<HSJ
M_B['')_Z$TVIHQN;E;7
DS*ZZ$BREHV4T3)`2D`J0&I`&D!:0#I`=H#T$E&6

M'=D.9/T9F?+?Y4=VGY+2_#`UW!U7F\](X@1AVY*9L5UXDC3?(^MLK&D)G`HX


M@%





-S&&R:$+

PMJ@+C@





M+4(=0CM$.H5I%TQF=6Y!3#%C(LAL?X6@:6/N3.S$]X*6O2++T#2@%43O'H

*=\\Z\R9-PN)%1PJ$:H0JA%J




#&RHE2BHMH7-P,]'4J&FT9F[GE):_)ROUJ^+DNGNX_-0%/;GA-KB

-!



CT7`)7(JAJ
M$6H0:A'J$-HAUM(N^4R$=&/QV739R@R1Z#,WW5A?=*=FV%?1%:P8(M0B5%




M'%+H'8IZ(Z(4.DZ-NC%
#C4V!N9*;BL.C6'K73!+U'O+4'!^39F


M3\?


[0'7V1=#VF&S&2R8)!UF2%2K1%:%
7T.U0TV@-W0\PUC+!-$\7=2<ZG4H[*-PV%V*@U;MK\LKA+_G4MK<

M-)E[!27G1G283T





C(

Q)!V!6X$1%9TQ<<B88!*9%4(U0@U+4(=0CM$.H5I%UQ28'H*SRR


YD8*+9_VR#1`9-GH%;Z\);#B#F
;H+C'*1FB1-G-J!
O_ZI0


*1K8D]7F*0JXD.)I*QD

B_2R
5VUI=1;/_'JN(^^REAW05H1M[DJHBZV+A



MT;X9]:-8;#8`XM08IPEQ_!HV6QT[+:
7[;ZK]KC/&R+02W)I8(ZUWYBG%8I`



A
M^
WM8D


M_P


!3'WR?M.UA^;VX0H(A0E55LE39IFG9Y-HZ3
M6
1V9)O2?OL=VQ`NZ;KR`

0D5267=8%_

TBS':
.
77.W%B.Z
U:)/T&4



^B/XUA'#$P\$0
M3-?L$VM;@ZC:2=@8;G*]-=PL*[A9PG[L'7#@.U*S;T377!K4L@J6)M$4QJ/#


;O;^


)L?*HC[
M@Z[SXNZ[?YBYK\NBY8*?.@+N'0ZCSEV8@<\[;?'$B*0LELM.^WL;W23T=!V

M(SOE;U7W)[_]RLKSI8-T^W)*P2MX$WQ;=2EK`$+//_K?6WGL+CM[%1`_=%?4

Q0!*



$
-1($02DHT/BN7IWT*2)[

UB=SQ8X24:F#?]T@0CY](*8FYU\$1

M-
+!(F$YJA/V(B/A6)\%)O&QCN5+



9*^[P
4^\94X5G3&C!8
L/;.4
7=_D!<:=='<_P<``/__`P!02P,$
M%``&``@````A`)CR0TW3`@``)0<``!D```!X;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T



+MWUX1=_P






)9
M1U\46)L;])V!VR20JV#U:4U(-%^%3V!3?@9MSB#PLT?%/F3;0XQ9AGDW7`E!
M7*\0ZAXHO`@QJ[Z0A/A[;!PDMBJG9#:?^O&M'Y_&D1_?^?$H2?NXIV_BZ;
.

!/-


')KRASJR.U8V;SF$2JRZ9!@M_^^TP


M$&)K3:]&.'5N7+E+WC!Y8%M6UPKEXMA?YFD?M5-R0U,23MJPCX`PZNC!_:=
MR@-O%:I9:E1


(&#J5X5KK?N7[



MWL]D0?


3-F19&6&;\EJEV!_

2@VM


MF?+!ZK;

6

SN%<;JY7MZ^J1B_6*F;'-

K&--P6K=

J8UB#I9F2VQK



2_(E
M?0^`=?8:GGM9NK'TWF2+=(IG608;81UC]+OQ8COK-/J=P31`U4DF1Q(X'D@


&ULE)?;
MCJ
X$(;O1]IW0-PW8$Z!*
EH`O3









?0#X*OOB%KPH&S!2LKSN$T&ICOT)HBQ[:]Y`K
MUGVTBGP52#3`=QT52#7`4(5R%3`6-W!&P0

MPAR=6_9%`A7\+AH?)RB!P+[CAYNU1.CA7TOF:7$/32AT2V1A0D6(7FE\
M54V0&]\C(DM?

PF:2AT3ZD

M88E0-8(O3\3+JV6-;5W
\A67$]).4$R+$T(-&`8):4$?A8T2*B2N('Y[WD

BWM,JT8E@J7.DNVOH
]$\?VCE6:FT%Z$O
G3
M587\#'Y'H3R:IPKA;=+[`TR8O$#EZ82\
(1-J2TDT1%O-=F)R'G:(PMMAH^R
M_$'O(U*/'%7E;%;C[HP37%74*
BUX3

+W-[
MBM8PPLSM&8S:PFZ/CF``;O
S_B/OSF5#C0J?8`O0;&#_G9R5Y04CK9BK#H3!
&ULC%G;
MCJ
X$'U?:?\!\=Z`N86T.CT:L&9WI!UIM=K+
TU(!TT($=#3


M?CWFE^9:'NP?96=_>/[UEZ?WIOW:G


7+]6EZG\
3FVK+AX_OUZ;-G^Y

U7`?U\%$W0V5WU

GH-M!Z[=G



\
`@H%
(

MRD1U&\*-$$I6B
(Z#1AJQ4;1DBA
&IFBF.1LP-649
M@N[7KPEPOX`9(92I4(R9J5K&`K*




MU%C]?12FC3(E44:RZ
@`X48OE*S0)$T:B.959)5E3L5-`Z#D


M3_UU)8RRI)JTVDY:;5K5IZ7V*+'*?(.1WS%2BD(0-/F(.K$

&

M$



#Y:X%5_7;:O

X56JA&M]N'VSK5/3].,7\9XRO7,]_P\`
M`/__`P!02P,$%``&``@````A`.ZS#%T,!@``<QD``!D```!X;]W;W)K<VAE

M9T66;:&694A*T_[]#CG494B&:AX2FW
X/!S.\)#
TX?OS=7Y5G5]W=X.+O





A?LG_QN$J92@5((@GA


M0D2G$#`6*2.D((4F$#S&(JV2HBMR$(3^!BB-OA71


*M



-[E$&/*&\C2K66A2

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#8P+GAM;(Q5
M76^;,!1]G[3_@'@/8#Y$B6IFJ!NE39IFO;Q[(`)5@$CVTG:?[]K.Z$8JK4\
M)

M!O.G4S?+6=




MEH'UC/VUT*DW*BVSPB@

MPS*O-3.SH;A*/%2J^C7K2RSYU/1`[-5U!8=3:;78(SFT(,_V?`95S`$S]D
M`CN
MU`72W^O;?P```/__`P!02P


MJ?`@0\-W_D6(ZR8





GEL[Y7W+A@]7\:1&3U(4G<)4F`




M4PC$8HE8V&J1T:=JT:`I-E
(Q$9^;SS.:J\6N8I[XJI%8[J1D%6P

$




5UV/FSH0?:]T_P/BO8`AY$M)JD*U]U9J
E[7!3-H:AH@[?^'\S]3[N_/FRNE#WS,\;`P\-

MXX






W0



M'4H;L&4:DQIIP]C85C2+@K33ZM#/)^GEJDL/]S/(O4R#-'\:#/EMZRSHP^JP

*R#0(XGLW+Q\A

YE;J1X/4R1TT


M#+J9WLSW%
@V-\Y5I+N?'090

[R@7@WJH2#N:AKB*IKLG&K?/B8*Q&R0*1NEYS^P*
MF&Z@:-Q!DWC`D!F0SHS%.#?M)CH/[I7H=!]%DXUTD/Z906D%J46AN[ACG@6I


M-RYX;6RDW5MSVDB[AN'S5;7^@\OGP8B-C5-QOA)(0NS%?G/&.1VC6U20;S
#K(\UU5-WG<OLB6Y/]7
MK\_J()#'OO[W^//W\[?#T\-U^;90O2N6K5+U^NJOS?[@/:O;7E\]_MH?MJ_S


@?/#]2UL?'




V<2-;R[1Z<G<9PD')^&6:IEGFI9I%J6

MHTV%9%

M

5*]IS-S!!


M+1/4-D&=+%36=D'7!/5
4#\3:64X

M5YF5?'&2D



M



4(Q1C%!
44Q0S%'L4Q1+%
M8=M





M@\)%X:%HHO!1M%T4710=%'T4/11#%`$*(8H1BC&*8HIBAF*.8H%BB6*%8H

MMJ/Z2ZG+9N=:S.X_%Z+JOZW)$OOD&@=9$QEM(6OVF


.DRZ3'I




MPA

ME'E9-$;6KG\*)5!54JB\3CY=9E,-+4

M)AZ3)A.?28M)FTF'29=)CTF?R8!)P&3(9




F0R8C)F
F$R93)C



6DR\9FTF+29=)ATF?28])D
F`1
ADQ&3
9
)DRF
M3&9
YDP63)9

O&9M)BTF728=)GT
MF/29#)@$3(9
1DS&39,IDQF3.9,%DR63%9,),.PD3#V#0




VDQ:3/I

F$
MR93)C

L;)YEB:JEQ


F$R93)C

QS$H


RLKA2M\M5F9MLRE
M?E*7N699=]I%W4:&TLY`'28N$X])DXG/I
6DS:3#I
NDQZ3/9
`D8#)D
F(R
M9C)A

C$']


9DSF3!9

DH4^MQ\Z9G

6DSZ3#I
NDQZ3
9
`F8#)F
F(R9

EDQ43B34L-8DU-@;U*#

8
MU*3

#8G#H[A

MTF3B
VDQ:3/I
.DRZ3'I
QDP9@,F8R8C)E,3B0OUOXG/%VYDP63)9
5DPD
MUO`A2:RQ
:A'F:WQ.`85*;


4KMK58DV;

1DS

MK.6-DX@U^2-/B5B++A

6DR\9FTF+29=)AT
MF?28])D
F`1
AC%1;_7]+^I,XJ[WWWI&S.9,)DRF3&9,UDP63)9,;%M`V-0
MBW;#8!R#:K0-RM$VJ$?;H#M_(I



?8M)FTF'29=)CTF?28#)@&3(9,1DS&3
M9
IDQF3.9


JX#;C!QF+A



QDPF3*9
9DSF3!9


QDPF3*9
9DSF3!9

OG^5;=]4M;N*A]E^__%S_V/36NQ_/;_NKE\UWV5BQ

X?.YN]4WJEJR;/W[O=YU?
MY?&TK0ZW7;_G=3OE85

M?]Q\5

US==ROS_#S^-(_
3^=J_S\D\DD4@E)#Q)(C[)F]$O/`D





M54Y4]+43M?%C0H+:H9&?#B+NTLP0:):)0'*!%`*9F0FD+E`%@)Y$,A2(L;





?I!R%TR%J'MRKQNUY;%1VT!97=U



MXQ@
`I&V2!+:Y4%6;!(44LD6JY%^_ZF40E.!
TT
@[B9;=Q


EF`IM!18;+\1&M5

M)$RN#%
G=F


M$]:V3]?-5XW4CJ28X)8@0P39[YFFE&U'2:;1I/B$SO&?W8:1ER/1I8?UE

;&-@L7'O5!;1IC]T!BP%CO8#OJ)DJIN!


MF64N]MRR3%3

M



M-;!6)124XEXG#9/A17U526ST_3(
6$&9'0CQ
/C.AB8+J?36WX#KJ3PA+YP
M8!S@FIO7BX?6/Q[*7#/882%]X,BTCJ4?1:&U;//0J,IYA:E8:)FI*G=09-Q




M_P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!


H@VK)-8@3?.WX7U

!+\ZQ69V`

ZX<5_RD3$Z'TG<=O)##!;/0KB
MU9S

MN8FA++&DG)'E:F8P8'T61UBG6(_FBUY'?%



M-98_SRUTU()AQ:GO@!7-3W









I
M90\7*O)2(NP%N.:X)F?V/:G.65E[.3O!HU&PA)$K=2.B?C3\*C_7WW@#%QSR

V

MS:_1Q^&8/\VLO_S(+]Z'**M


L\Z2&
MM^4IK*ZE2`[ZIOP2QE$T#_












I(NMH._8$9GX$]6H\VKQ8%0E-&9;M!DJH96;
M$-#&;/J-

M0)N(&!0G)1A:^0[QZ3.V!)\

MOO

YBBK6XX




M)$`0;))GC2R/A;$M0]+





^









`=5K/0)S/H/1S?74&DC0B4SJ0+I(U4*59)1ZT@:I
M5D



M2[I










(MV2J%K;6
MI^




M$[.*#(+B4;

M
5WVM_)RO6*/EZ$YRZI.2XE*[@SZV]K5)&/P[5E@G2LM5XD(X_/A5$SI)4


M[
4TX+6'+-:[I;$^+0]NR!MUG4[XR!EP^LWG_B6=Z-)

M=?9U;'`JC)Q1)_?.))=2SPFJ0RBXGBFH9R6
']GLK'H.C'AYJA&L'L&:$:P=




M0#$D*`D*10^E:D7H96@@-`EA0^I$`04HBB4+:(=4C'=58/2YU%D*A5359
MA20(HIPJ%K-EF!]FT_!U`C8,(9OY[&D(E73R+U1:@4408J5ELYD)5AA+&*5




M^-3L%3*CR^$K.1&\97NBY+FN.U(UL!F'[32E_BPD7*'2IV2K


D40
MC*V72/?;R$)XGT:&Z;E





Y1D*K%S$%(KYLL(Y1E:!8.K^DO`V^58
MNZ^RX$Z;!F?AGR,U!M'.N$E]I9`J&*@-FK_L[;\TI%ONH#*XUSSF(E3

M:)(X(_A;#O@#`&^;_==-N7E]/4S6N^_O
&3X\L7][0#CCTC`:YXW[@U+6$GU
MR4.2WCR@$%&?P


M



MSP^?Z2^_??GZZ=UW^G^__O/5MS^_?GCW:Z/TZ8]7P\%@^NK3NX^?7WH+?_MZ





MPN!^/IF
I_
KN9!(
KC_8$]G]^/A9#9OTK^O64F!).1`

H/A\TPNGKW_=TO/WW]\I\7-#E1]W[[





MGA`](WJ-Z`VBMPKI1')[-Q9AD0R@[@K?Y@[01#=A^UXE`S,4+,4J32KA@-





M^L;\_SQ2Q/@_$F.`^NH$C7VC_FM3+21:N@)FB-:(
H190ARA$5B+:(2D0[
M1'M$%:(:T0'1$=$)T1G1(Z(G1

M#O$H7KJZC9)+I.9)-_X'JGE['0,]T0K):FT85ND*A%E&&+.:(B*$:C[-B
MLML@)2V6B':(]HRBRZX0U4$Q=B*
8$U_'8*4.'%$=%)(!]:MM'\DL'YEK@+K






M





H5F@V!91V:&Y0[$]HVCBJQA%O5^CU`'1$15/2DJ'S16GHKU:W-?M%*W

L=<7QG1CWCB?)T'3NG@4BMRM&_6[7(N5W
MP


2[4-$;8D6/D4Z\J:WHL51T

M&29V[;M'
Q6:J1FQ-S/KS`&M'-'*B1$[
XOF;AUL5WWK&F5\54Z-


MW=FBF1+-[!BQ.Y

M*2.^0@;9F@E1RL%(W$&9PPT4Z*9'2-R)EKSVDW*'FU5:*MF1[UV#J@K2/:

0:
?!4N'@


M1%LG1NZ?]M:


.`'&=A&Q12LE6MDQ(H]\#:U_VMZCT0J-








Q6:J1F)+[%.:9(YHY
2)O;IGV70$L


[TN'=#6$6V=

#`;VPEJB[9+1E<<
MWXEQ[WA7F7N/QBO1ZG6\9BD^R.IJT1?JQ4TR'[=(Z
K%W&2AOP#:%WTU@GI

MT\.-N.1&Z;YL9#?]T\.[$6UNS5(D0^



M[K(UHXLO:6U8(-I+I(RBUZ(R
=/Q6E1SG^8L$'E3H)FMF+GTDE;)`I$W.S2S
M%S.7O*E8(/*F1C
'
7/)FR


RSF+GDS6L6B+QY










M)XY!2IPX(3HKI&)-1R5^*-:-O+ZO!5'JM[
;-#M!<SE[RI6#RID9T$#.7
MO#FR0.3-=%9S'1XHS/#/$V1&L[$<9






LOE[\'*X6@8&4KB`]]77EEOQ3Q

M*L\HFI*6C*(]P8I1_TYX':0DE3:(4D09HIQ1Y$01I*($MSOA;9`2)TI$.T1[
M1!6CR(DZ2
5.F)WP(4B)$T=$)T1GA72L776X;]`PFV/WJ0*[7/9(Q=JCZ`I7

MMG






MZ



MIG^WJ%





M]%L::K!,K.I(C3R9O'CB\/ZS.X\M-=XN!3%J(K`Z,H'`E!Q(XI4F`C[0SOM
MIZB8W:28HV(ABGX3WO'5,-0I1:?7RQTJ[F]2K%Q%D5:7ESNEP
J'D6QU]43


Z('A$](7I&]!K1&T1O
M%=*)Y

M4D19MRU3W

MJY!.)%-_A$0R]^(
ZY*
XN
`C%R=XO*(OPI2DDIK1!M$*:/H`'H6I.(6[;P0

7'



MG1&N_/

4?2(M9Q3U?!$40\_#
MCF`;I



7/)W2.:.8G.)7?/HA
^:OX(.L;=)]%I

MQ.











M$LYL

U+

I?C@`58HK*EM4*1'M


MATS'$TZ3.I?*PPLG;(89C]0;DS/[#LB2%?M_4F+%4O3*6[.N2NA'G^SZY29#
M&V-H2%$RDTUZDZ%

K

)FJ7Z`RX__^-JN5MIK


M/98LI:8O;RM:ZZY9*JJE;L1\&&%3E


M0ML*
Y*G(M%K)Q




N:*U'TQW<[5C3<5MA);()*S^:2EM!
;M)
4?%(BBZQ`$G
58FWX.G
MW=C[O[Y]__(I^_#QG[_3`S22^_[[Q_?_
H?ZD@%6I(6Y7U9N'[W-!B9OZ0[P




M`XQ2!QBE#C!*'64.L`H=8!1Z@CU`%&J0.



\`49Y`HSR!!CE3#*$V4)S$S

L
M`T99!HRR#!AE&3#*


M4F@\4ZJSQ%3'*5J@2M'J5#4.4P!!E0+8J6JJY!134*68=JB.HK=K3%A
$3@

.HU
M8-1K
=-=E)BJ9MM%S1]


\?@T!=:+Q
=SA%T-

M6U0I'J!*\?,XQ%?I8F&*Q!(--RRVY6R+\[8B2\GZ%!XII_F)&9PH,&054?4
M1CNS=PV&;.[*4H*STV&:/1K#47MV==;*&0WF:



!!968FY]
M0+=--%E0$%G5]_QH&K^T[=]1$A&U%`MJ8;SKJ)VP6*1*$5(MCN%C*10B+Q%I





M\_NQ@G*Z'5-@


M-2@LH$0AT$IQ84Z'P'4;A
#=D$T=P_9_(VVVS

MUO3!1+Y_*6$NW[\;D7/9&


MWVAT-)4BBSM8!0JD,L[&$4Y+8=C#H:Y'8=;-_!J@Y6=[!#!SMVL%

MQP[VU


LJP5DTRF+`-&618STW-NK_M#



MMO_K4S$BF5^%-



[9JBV;'6RG9D(RAJ5SMM$VGO80)YM@[R(M4*6V
0ZJC`VJ


MM8S3JGBK!DXE3(^I
L^+PJE$Y)PJN/XTF'77X=1DP:FQP:G88F'.RA*'19
%


M-$8D%^NS:*-?#C]I9)E?7L5-LM[$K

-MV\N6]W
M$0








M!CC3YE-B)I42
S9*3&P97%M^892J

:Z@$$TJA6AL%*(#-ZO'


ME38G5@J#BQ0&%RDR7&+/40*@X04!@DI,B339R%`4(*`X04&=!W/T9=AU[5

M$EKD2/EYBA(&!B4
#$ID
&%M_@&I.E3^MR+\UNSKW8F.;J?^8.[5
YM43D
MW&M6QKW:E'N[S##7$0
%]P8*[C

0UY_X3?;

M9!DU-P_(L$Z6ZZN#KQ]7%CL)9A-\WE[.F[J;\QJF@XAGVWAX\QE$R5N1Y9;P


\5GHWK.:N/0?-J
O<_?RM<2S<CUK/!O7


`4$L#!!0`

V

9C-+:Q@)G9_'VJ

MZ-O



MRL/*?B*+S!W;H_6R-^COJOQHE;^M]EA_Q$VU_ZVZE.`VC!





ML
9^8H=#U^WN6!6OFQHR(L

M20B%(D0$B,D04B*D$Q%M.1A4!])GM+UY#D7=.0:D#
98&1?.G0CB'!N%])

M(+:

3P+=

VV^\8XMY^*/^JK.14K7?69(
)5SD2-*[2%.

M(3ZKF



2#*4X

X;PB`C



MQTV@6`86VHIW0AYH?6^CS`\^5_G%Y#X7#3$P(%]+QPJ-29N=?
(9RAZ:*D$W
MM#.%QK25[D6O5MJ/WK+;Z+GAO8VY%W+(5XT
W+$YM5G@__140LOC;L]D=\+M

A(Y51`-Y4SR6+*$SG3=*MIAWO+:K.R

@C2;/6
M54N:05K2G*7N`61LK8[PEGRD23DT)?/PQ$G*(_0L8CY\OD7QZ0H1O9OFCWP
M8A[;\U7CU9/UKIQ#JC
M?7^
N@=Q7H:D`F(AOM+Q

/O`
M`6O#@DX[J%GCS-9?P!L9C







Z0!4.6#%F9B.5!)*;/CX
M#WU8P6I=)FEDNVR$'/BA2*E-&2N*\BI#2H94#*D9TC!DRI`90^8


M0C]P






M%MGKPO9B20



M#=
2
E
M
8)S
N$5JRF)?+=
(RO#&S$*J23CZ92AOH'E0*-4DY


F`JV

M
=.9\G&`+--


M:..&[&D77:+A`)489/=H&2HA.S&X^Z=Q(%DJ




$G+#7?09:+04Q[,,B+'PW3TU(DX[.DB`5G6Y-JY!BN
LS4+/:8)KTJ(5

GD&5&`X-*5&\$2(401D.8Y87G
MM#\UEVH(D@$0YUZD^R%[RD5SU9'IQ4-*-^RQ#[
7.@M[9)F&
JA$]9:ADD5A
#<Y1AI
MF6Q)PR).H@;2<LV:H)T.*_52ODV0+/:UAR6M+/T*GO8.`[<M%%K'5=&:C1+

H(T\X5'*HXE#-
MH89#4P[-.#3GT()#2PZM+

M:!9YON)0S:&&0U
.S2S(\H
H

WH#]S'!F%@Z64T0NOQ$!0GF
M(Q4.U:3FTF.6ALM

4;!&):3

VAAD-3#LTX-.?0@D-+#JTLR':R
M:

$1O-TI.?

M6Y+4U6)6:59;)^$M!6U5&U8U

8)'\ZP'
-*B7B_4BAC9^93
WN&26'JT%4'0UB/FH+V3#G[3S53



.S5I#%-VZ[6[Z]W4%(G
FJH$Y]QS=C8LD/4MHW



+T/[W&[4EW



MU1QJ.#3ET
R;#_\:HOO%`ZQ:W=V1@3I%#DF2.?[4*7C_208&Z*.%23FHM'

/@T%,]B^)6G
:!:LJOP`'B4)RG\2N39`A?@G3@83$43SHZKD3Q
M4)QO\2MPG@6C=%V9Q.%09%0N`Q\4/W7A(W!RIX]#










MXUQ=;_270?O%MOL#``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0`GQ(7!K`8``)L8```9

Y+GAM;)19VVZC2!!]7VG_`?$^0'
Q



MMNQ?7J]?JJZ]@HNGYMR



M&B'=3:INC.\?YUV@;7`$@O?RS=$-[0'
;3THUF7I(&$0H3UWFJA[%HL*WK
M5*_#V+7_41()73B)F!/X9$[`W9VV

MF3$G\


M*XF841`9I4E)B2*5(C.\=Y688
39I;%@6SP&M

M:.\[\5R&:T6R%R3L)`V]9*[^R*1HP:YGE@PC.H+1A%H=#*#!EIVS`2G4;(

_EF


MS2$UI?:QQ%G*]F)0&LO:B%#9M.Q#8MI0]F4=8%XHI(^9F#Z*`%`Q)?]36#

M*$2&82+/JD1&4

HK.()I)
MVJ20(4LI

M#
!]\6:X

!T3O!'
M@!IN+`)
$%``&``@````A`
QK;D(H






MWW^^?7C:O[R!BR^[Y]WQK^#T]N;EZ7[]_77__OCE&7C_652/3^P[_(=Q_[)[

-^\[[]]NGVH;C?M-/;N\\?0X#^
MO=O^.HC_?W/XL?_EWG=?_V?WNH5HPSSY&?BRW__N3==?/02#[\SH/LS`_[W?

$2)OH`\!^?BW%1?[S[`Q+LB:SF`U:E

X@ZP
LC;(1B)W$(H8#TCMJ^+A[4
\F


M6F4FBV@2XV&0SB]09Q!5@99&V0C$14/JH#\1CY:G/\L7OZ?;X'1D4L$]X\



MR]


MRGI71Z

5S\RL+#IQ25V(U0UOATC*Q!?*1<)/&!9N?%1[1)H3%05QBH



'.\_DI5OCL5L(KJCIGY=_FBG54J







M6077D]/I[(7.N=G/%%6)PB@7$IDZGI/962&1;**0L%!GH=YSD(KZTMM%&0
*-<%J:?39\UV4&\A1U!U44CX&B7)<E4+




M

W43%UQ4




M6:BWD+/0RD)KVT4I*IXY36(J.(F,IEX#_99NJ


O_)N-3#P1Q'H#&DNF

O7888HJ11#$GER&EKVWRG4I&54%0$








M53-S+

M2BAYW46ZBWD%*3GR&L*T7_'
$[!OA^'[?6!F6'8D!*1*F%6;897=!`J-*)
MIQ7U9`5I%(X1)@.'^V2BJCD]P7DAS[[I

MKD:4-(HY0I?:%@V4JY$&TI'3N!;%E#H5#9*=ROAQ#?FA(Z=1E3]?KE&K*H
M=Q194D50KN




ME0]6W=;B10
65+Z;^!0$0V==NV2%KK
-YHJO)\=KALXZWB2KX!CZ?.*N8YKI
]%!80LA2?&![E@5H'MQ9/T[S!C'+(46PBB%D?S#
M0
:Z`;M^`'



]'.(0ZX#C%!63/

M_V9(1_9BM??6JV

M^H*MTC

$1^


M3^R8WD*.W9R4)W;



&GSF\]Q_G&QC3

MRA9B


`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0!=1!YQ^00``$$5
:=T#<
G4K47*DC?*K

3


S9P;7QD)W`5T





MQ*/0JH
X&^`Y




(CC+89_<MYSN2&<&
M3%3:TPM)#ZP7'MX.@Z:LEQ*NE/DA\E`BD1M@2Q?K4:.-^F'SL_17#.D_U_



*[;/Z2#[O!S_PL``/__`P!0
M2P

\B%)`ZI_NB/F[0

.3YB509
MG]&&U!`Y4%9E`E[9

(ZB15AE18UTAA6;DH

MZ2,E)F`]?-3T?!KMBJ?DJ[*V,NY^9C3JH$4NZ(LQ!^5%`55OOIVKG+=B74





4N7T1S'
M*0IVA(OG0LY%07[F@E;_:Q`VJ722V2!ITF%[



GW
M;0;-H$&P&VU=BQ;16W)RDT..;A#\MM-QE$1M!LVA01
X`&+)HC9E'K5[(*-N






MWR^&[86EOB
-\+]._MYM?1^O?D^+;_51^VSW_;?FQ`;5@GM0+?
M]OOORK1]5A`XSX5WU:_`/PZ3Y\W+ZL?[Z9_[7\UF^_IV@N6.E<MZ_PXCP?\G
MNZV*`9CZZL^':0`C;)]/;P_3,)G%J1?Z03R=?-L<3]56^4XGZQ_'TW[W'VWD
M(Y4F9$$?B()T-WH&Z$O_$3??!8%<9I]Y0$2)(&?2.+/LCB.DBR]?18YDL#/

MPPI#H*V5^9.R!UNPA


%/8!DZ
+[15!*


Y7T3F_;]??%'F;D#\&AS'LY:!8+





O1B9\VU46P;!9&15]=!;92$?1CX7N)%LYSS

VO-M(5^:$Q;!7-M
0TMRM!(00;[*[-#8Y7XVR[A;
M23;IL%$K@@Q339OVR`_CYT0;LC\+0$&9Z.H($GV<F+7+A5$]G;=6KPF$/


MQH&_F+PI]C2-$^LE2]


M
]$T=*U^H*/)UH4Z

MPJ(G;8C!D+8$&=*.DP99
C



M)G8Z\B7YF5Q7D!\F8FL)=6XA%Y
Q*X(
2TTL.@W[N7L6:
C'T+0$&9K.H?'.
M)A:H&U(M/SY[].GM'




(EM?-RU:1E0MBA&L'

MP9H1K!W!.HYQB9Q^7DCD7(2JP-






M;^CMY7V#DQD79';QOL$RHM-T


\$.=




MS@-73EN1VAUI?AE2Y(62+?AT8\I@95!%VL0359Z:241KY[9=N0A:TE/H^!
M.F;%M51]]R4MW7JE^W2FI8:LXK2


MK'J%T$B]BIW&G/)WCSMJZ-;:J5=.=ERB(]RQ40$M)%1*J))0+:$&(3LJ)-0Q


+#



?SO5F


RYX;6R45MN.FS`0?:_4?T!^




M4*A`V6YQDN[0@[N)7`?9^VUMT&]*+J+WWQ(9NWSB-/E*2P)N0Y]4!XZ
/2GH
MET2%X&%[]/1CW8'OW$I(BL^Y_
$NGPD]91+:':A'8I;#F^#7*JA:`U`Z?JFO



(K*




M@8
M'&K0E)$W$=$4PM[GM2KLJ/&!P-#-6A*[TU$-(4P]*I3N6=PNYGJ\,C9
MP0(,&U1?*FRGI5G/X0IJ0*2FMC*F3_0&T7KU5-9CJ#\1`XDSX45LW
)9XXZ
MP+MH]S7PX*N).HB'ZBNAGO-=`F9WA4_D&^8G6@HK)RE0.K
EZ.%ZS.L;R2HX


3/V\/K8WZU;/]5



MY66[B9KQYF
_-O'^'5S\W.ZV


ZG=M;89O/;3Y.YWC_
M?RERT95T4D(G\$E.O+N-09ED`)]H#&[N#.RC+7RB;=FI!($?5LKW9P_*)`'X

*?\.-:B;X



M9&2EDP(45%45YOLO557HDZI2

=)FI

M(WU&!HP
&1DQ

MS!E9

3!F9
3)G9
'(DI&53HRJ0@$O
TE(CM1GI2.(G%SO)NMN51`O64U9ZL*H9K*]$%&S`R)Y'C$R5E9:
M,+=H!ILH$06;,C*31#NR.2,+9:4'<\U@2R6B8N=&/T`I^M7^D'(S7Y``OU`

MTLY\24*Q^O]^*A5=:Z%OR=^#U**-%F(:2BP\L[\[+$:7D1[ZN!:U+W_7H@[0
MXEK4(8LQ8F2



MJO$
7:9YSR7)SGN!03#O4L6S!V2)CC-S7:$;RM4M:N4Q^AH6HDM]+;#9UY+`



MD+.W'U3M\6]QHS8%DV=



VXTYVB!B((7?3OXDANM$%'P
-1J

W

MR
QW0K,M^)4KW-D!1IBB-$V2F.R1!3#)V*-3]-2)&9XI14
D4X2XN6GQDI

M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````
M````````````````````````````````````````````````````````````


ML4KG56[YZ:OT80V$AP-OO2Y4+@QX.9RIO*YTM3`GY#Z7Q:_^W$`[)C,-[4R
M#\/307_WYX#EHI`^*!XN1*'EH/_R8C5PBY:+%2MAX.M^;25N:GJ$ZW^@V5[
-P7M2I:*O!AGV2J3%UM(A%;1#.H'*7=<.CY=Q2&D=^-B-ARKUP

1-B%*

H&G^G0=X%Z53DD`IEXX

\_:LB401B'D=YI$


%:*S5P9R*B&
`HYH/(G*L0VJY6H'WBUX$S=E@H&+!@M

M04/%3?;2BCJ&@Y;6^GL+XTH@^/B?%-(V\'TLJH-=,D5G\L;E,(/D!QV967X
M0N2J4+\&@8/L[9,1@T(.',57`]L?7_Q&]6*0%_^/@.!UU)AYW(I?&+DZ_2[B
MA="0V-6*]%-[-'(+D0UV^&K(*4T/#_&NX^
F+L$$29N2&XF40:53=#`!_)
X=QV\`[GQN`=SHW!.YP;@W<X-P;O<&X




M9&X


+;XI'S)YD?/]B+\JOVOP'#L_.WI^]/
MH07NO!OT7^[]A_\#``#__P
`4$L#!!0`!@`(````(0#D2=N'


M92$*JT336JC1%@*:\M.32CHF6P\/OG7@HX:0)9(-3+H:K6-T#.
@UV!$*%+#





M+0`4``8`````$`1@





M:&5E='

M`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0P#NH/0
``+8*```9``````````````````U(``!X






``.()


M='





``$8/```9







O









?D36G7`@``



#DN

O

3




M%``&``@````A`/MBI6V4!@``IQL``!
`````````````````6?P``'AL+W1H
M96UE+W1H96UE
PX``!@`````````````````*0@!`'AL+W=O
M<FMS:&5E=',O<VAE970S+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0G][KVML0``/_$
M`@`4`````````````````
0
`0!X;]S:&%R9613=')I;F=S+GAM;%!+`0(M
M`!0`!@`(````(0`^M,^/[0X``/NC```-`````````````````*S1`0!X;]S
M='EL97

)V^.F*!@``
B$``!H`````````





M=#DV+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0!+9[4(I@0``!81```9````````````

M='





M`





[%V!```T!```!D`````````````````630`'AL+W=O<FMS:&5E='

M970V

M971S+W-H965T
C





&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S


M:&5E='

&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#,P+GAM;%!+
M`0(M`!0`!@`(````(0#G`=WPA`@``(XE```9`````````````````,GU`@!X
M;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T


M+W-H965T


M``8`````$`=`8'`H#``!.```&`````````````````#O
@







`8``!D`````````


2YX;6Q02P$+0`4``8`
M````$`/J4**LL)``P+0``&0`````````````````
6P



M`BT`%``&``@````A`+87;$#10``0(X!`!D`````````````````G0#`'AL

=20H``+
K```9````````````````





&UL4$L!`BT`
M%``&``@````A`*


O






4$```I44``!D`````````````````



M:&5E=#



QK;D(H


M
&PO=V]R:W-H965T<R]S:&5E=#0U+GAM;%!+`0(M`!0`!@`(````
M(0`3Z)_'Z0
``


(0``@4%````
`
end











    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      










 2014

          



 2013

          



 2014

          



 2013

          



 2014

          



 2013

          



 2014

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2013

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2013

          



 2014

          



 2013

          



 2014

          



 2014






 2013






 2013

          



 2014

          



 2013

          



 2014

          



 2013

          



 2014

          



 2013

          



 2014






 2014

          



 2013

          



 2014

          



 2013

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage Rate Range
 Minimum
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate Stated Percentage Rate Range
 Maximum
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

674.1

369.4

150.0

150.0

000.0

000.0

000.0

000.0
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

250.6)

443.3)
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

423.5

926.1
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 including capital lease obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

622.2

182.5

750.8


        
        
        

616.7


        
        
        
        


Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation
        
        
        


        

650.5

622.2

182.5



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

841.4

813.2

142.9


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation
        
        
        


        

829.2

841.4

813.2



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

387.0
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation
        
        
        


        

402.0

387.0
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Other activity
 primarily foreign currency translation
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      


 2014

          



        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Restructuring
 Impairment
 and Other Exit Costs (Narrative) (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs
        
        
        


Restructuring and Related Cost
 Approximate Number of Positions Eliminated
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 remediation costs
 and asset impairment loss during an accounting period. Generally
 these items are either unusual or infrequent
 but not both (in which case they would be extraordinary items).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.
              
 -Subsection 3
 4
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
May 25
May 26
Notes
Weighted-
Average
Notes
Weighted-
Average
 1
 1
111.7


        
        


        
May 25
May 26
5.65% notes due February 15
 1
 1
5.7% notes due February 15
 1
 1
3.15% notes due December 15
 1
 1
5.2% notes due March 17
5.25% notes due August 15
2.1% notes due November 16
5.4% notes due June 15
4.15% notes due February 15
3.65% notes due February 15
Floating-rate notes due January 29
Floating-rate notes due May 16
Euribor-based floating-rate note due December 15
1.55% notes due May 16
0.875% notes due January 29
Floating-rate notes due January 28
Medium-term notes
 0.02% to 6.4%
Other
 7
 7
 (1
 (1
 6
 5
926.1




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including identification
 terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity
 if longer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e)
(f))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e)
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
 -Paragraph 19
 22
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer) including: (1) description of the short-term debt arrangement; (2) identification of the lender or type of lender; (3) repayment terms; (4) weighted average interest rate; (5) carrying amount of funds borrowed under the specified short-term debt arrangement as of the balance sheet date; (6) description of the refinancing of a short-term obligation when that obligation is excluded from current liabilities in the balance sheet; and (7) amount of a short-term obligation that has been excluded from current liabilities in the balance sheet because of a refinancing of the obligation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001193125-14-260716-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0````(``MXXT0EV

`A_[XC^#WAK

[`!!+`DP


M2UL+/RW=;/^CVM96NM5MO+RM+)'TOW\H^EPZ/X?5OK^8FOH!_K^$MZ!;'Y:J
WM\X2Z<A4M+6J:59G9JQ_DKN]07<H#]\Y#YAH$7H`UNH8

MM%;.51U?HSY#'EP-/0-H#?T\`EX
&?@J&6;DFX0MSI&:?C\1=*)`AJ(L1&
M%&*JMQW;W'L3TY_PM^X/8U@1OC/X^D6Q//#

!5[L?.5#<!]B+IV_W-]]^V^H8J(V!)456VP'+
MZ+S7]Q9WOF$#ECOC598)PC4-+/WS7N]<EEF#Q2/#4!%=LEP1(G2X3[?'K$$
M

577Q7K6\7
QNK$A96%%Y58VMINPM=Q[QNAN9?




'6O#
MUDF@4O*A!38QP*8Y0FOE14/$58SMK%;C$]B)^XY\XMCDJY53BD[9$`C_N3;T
MTQ%JL?/6A38!#9H@C3RMSK#(A0%:3ZRTLPM9@B55V!4%B/H+!RBPL7L]EV

VPQ34:P3JM$J'*2AG!!:T2J84
MY`7F7_
I`R.K1J!&




Z,$H8A#8
MZ`K-JVX)3B0=E.)$PFF%IIP!AQX5?4EGN7U1=76]73<;4[SC^.I'Z%P)_+A








]A







P




MU







MU$=NV[GY)_2*=$%_1Z&_M'L0%%A_!.FSH2_QM:SA^``N@M\WZBMZ?C

MA[@S;'R56_1%












MW^TI=BD_#8


=AK4+::9M9FR!75R29V*KCVHPJ-
MMMVN5*'1GCJ%XVVO=0M--HV4[:@3BZI4U`%U]%#H=&V.X`H-%I.8XBG2W@
MA]NPZ=I+`F[HPFXVW[\$_?.8]^








WXQ?M_K<1/
;=6'O
MOJB:AL'N_]BZ)FO
;_4;U9HI&JR]5W4/KVR2$3R[S\;LSV:B'B@AAT%(E97B


R9Q@6=X:-K*LMPF1H;A5S
M)W?E03-1WT68I)

M.E:84']?\@TKM7ERGYKTA/L%!_4W1JH/9&;36F\L/@U/C:I:$#/$R2T@'Q


M_


MLFSOZ$G\V(_[K\=H3$+&A6ZLR!:H46?!`4+?5J0MML]'\_CJ.E6':S]'T
M-.A-B,R9JF@/GY9YG3*YNK!B7`(-VN
`:3F%
OZ5




M+[)TH/JC?CM&@)^!QMQ`(OD2WIJ*?JN1#WWCYZSR0'[!4RX1LWQM_&FR=\



_T5/$B?O`VXD51^U7@Q5'Q@@M]
M4TS.:

M3&B.36A./?NL
4L86P*S]F+6Q79)

MH]VVXM&!`[=
-P+.
O8FTM\9KQ0IY*(%F4]H8[LQ&+FM*)+K^$?A-C)A';FX


-BC?/77
.0B)-F*.HQS/D?KM
UHJVC79)4&8?QL;35'M
/8WKI#S4;,3*``V_T4^D!PGTEYIM=<PI/G4@E@9



M`*2V

MFF)9<)'S5J$.R+#,9VZ/EZDX-GQ6E1<R*-,'#I'S3\BVM=-`CDP@$+B2*A+





M'$QPL/G`PH4/%D4Y-3[4:6'6.!MV_#V1/S(0GWD57T\02XJL+$9V,@?;TS/
M^Q4QMK;'V/C+*JX(X66V38M\S3P5LCU9LAU?K#Q^)D*WAMO%-7\7=&VZ./.


MY)6@*T%7+:*KAM20'(AA2(Z=I104`Q?&EX=%'/:9E+3*$;X&@3%(II!L4(
M&2.TLB923(O]`XVAF-

5B8H1E!



J
M4KTX9!
M\+*^K4DSG&C?D?S6WUFK-'-5I\W1YLXQ4!,\F5QQ::IDVT..I2



MG$
8'8)SM





/-X_W7PA[
M&%/V\'Q?UB0!=+-W3VBV-54;?]@8-G&*QDCR90D&T10S!#

23I'F2]7Z


(B)GFX2B3+






MA+8JJ%50JU!UVT_`'N^)TS3PJ7+%4DW2H$6%,TC10L7U+&)6+B@!-WR0;?





2I\9&%.

30J7(F04N



M






MN34;SO/VXTCP=`)'BN+()3)1T].B]N-(\'01PKCBO1

M'2V1K;QH+:B+WX
FT1
*7EL.6_QZQY,M%:WZ]L9NL0:XKJM6+/_K`)_BN(/
MG9=$OVDMNTDXI,8;#W/A*_NY.
$KTY@36ZL
M$;XZ#GQUK<`DX:L3&)\=1SXZEJ!*\)7)_G#/X(7]U)8\S!3LS5W?RN9<%


MT\&5BZ=O]S?H#D\U!U?.WX^;B^Z7YSA+L5I-_PFQ;&Q-&H.*+K'?%N!14W

S0/L(`RE


M:=Y'MFQ#@7?MP#O^


^<G
MIX4S!\#01GPIIDX)?.$47SB-*`M\X11?./457SA%%\JCLLQL;@$\O$/)Q:
M6DR]2P+CN,4X_KQ*3*^`N.XQ;CC1GJWNDK1[6FEF
B*(
(:*=;61+\X6R
_

B]\0?\BZ(K/R3[#[RAKGZBK$ND9X\&Z[









NU6G@Q[48]


:I(5&);*XB3N9IIO]-)E%)8Z5N#;%9F)DXYP?R'D8(SR+Z
NPJ))Y'
M+!6(89?]#L?3C

@TB`USB]$Z0

M9'7






.Y[1R<E:^
M+X=AWO2BU;$<W+6VGC#-)


2WSDAC9^M!
MV8$R%!49O5(

Y=T.HZK.JO*@:R?Z+75DYO7DPF$8%_9XW

ILIQ7R'\K0?O;5#FPGHV(&?)LB%
M]&:*AQG3*.9
/_3J@AM-;Z5X$

3?33E&/^P-1U%8!5Z3X?TE'2'NZ[.\/U#:!*-C_$;WZ5T'#UK]
M
24Q^J*LVRC%O/-NXV(^5\'=IFA0TG6K7RH;U5:TP$/^QLJIT5ACC+JW#[^\



M)4*P3A)%I/1]Q.&5)T$^OOM2
@7;?\
H'V2SP4H/G=Y^[Z#NA+6&J/94Q:$O

A[&4H3WOS+FQHN*



H;B'YPHZAF6`U



[R\Q&XSKL]
M:F@WYN#,O%NH/PFXK^(J2&I13^]]5VNP%ZQG;`Y12E#+A0H+'
*SYUHZ$L@

A
M6R.[Q!12;TX?45A!VE#Z!(^+H1.91*;T)7MBDT?TQ8(XN4^6'3!D4I
ZP[HV
M^=7%FV+2PI


9Z`7
-5##_W


7VO@:_





M[GK99C47W646@R]CC[L2=Y'-YI$'J642!2R^#-&?C$WI2AP^7_RV/XGFBE03


X8+X4N)1G'L#)1A=Y`H^JN)



4U17D</;U8(XW*:B
+





MO0B2A;1]L=2YJI@[)Z
9JQ&*/@L@6N7E.+F=;'IJ,6/R!Y4[-HIL3\G8%Q(
MQ[Q8+DVTQ!=#B#/:]5+.-B2JOC8`?2^/,.-)AZ[\B+S#/6+O?'8*QBJ]K3L

K5CE]2%)]E=O]890\#[9BS7LUZ?.-\HW=Z_5KH9WT`4-U

9=?LSV`

ZII9MI(0[MU?0)IQ*D_!SLQ9
MD*OT`*9V#:@7A03_H=?HD^(ATM5#^=

M[I7[W9LA

/`O

M$KLVYH-I=)Q+[FWE/Y6#T]YY

:\2^W
YMT^[O$CUG`



M/^/(BDP\8=2-WDUA?;8`L;`+(YU/8R72!:F%$8MC%PV*-]]BR.$*2]A^^NR%




IYN-8P\=

:YJMY^ML[(&96F
M
6/HNU7J]XO/AKZ


1[$]

EI.4DSJ^NX[!S;95).#IXV8.AA!KDU
M9RN\Q/TBT









`]R683;8

\N+]@=@)V!WI
/%Y

DZ


3LI'Q\N


`.M'RN0







!&H6HLV1B()0N


5/E+C=^ZTI76*-RM#4.7`OR8G-*IKDM73#%:?:=LY
MDKY*F.R05G_(1T9.*??E$US3J3L'W6D11]+BF:)EGN2#GH77I;:7.5M(;


MI&#Y`Y2O6L`&

DXP`2P%0B]^;`4I
D2W
*:
M
=.]L*0--@4!SQ1)



M+9]22U]OH:L*8S&(T?AB:V%E5E/9BD2V^\3([.`PJ`*
]6T``M


\Q!]\L


3;P.S;Q4CBHLSCF'/=&]8
3'9T.Y2+=W-\62)V!1R&BAR2S[W^OOC7I0;O7(K_R-



M=FJPF#E$CMA8L(&7.E[/'XJK#%H27.6-,89.1D1D^)C!#-O]F!FZ['@::5N
M-@`:`!.^:\LR8+B;*SP!8/-`WC\`%%N0JK58`0:\^W

X8V\-N7


MCG0/P7[%W$G@N+
1N'J0DTX(P^DH:
$`OR[K;4E7#JVST$7



JR\

MTT!L:)!7C-D`TN'7))^`V*^!M3$5?D&*M:7C+1WP[@76W'5T%QH9&^O.Y^
M#Q^#R@[@@0N\.K7L
(OV_@W\=$WW





M=K/Y-

L%F,;)F
NL
_SF-?%R`6YA
M*QF6.'..C55OW5BK



;1^F';6U7&X\;
M_A0TI/HND\4=-I^I;\8I:B86]W^H)FPU*@9Y^!?4:M$_BIL5


M

M_8[_!

MLJ9


&#0+
MK=5S+U,4XCN.MA7^S`T71F'L\W$_9QS#%Q^@_=ZRZ/U159Y]1XL(?0)6,'U!
M%,46'K7#?`)#IQ4])%TN(@=CX6T_5'@F87HF.A#T++2)N_L,\FEP;S5HT-W

M.=











;^D
MXW/-E(UUROE3Y

M3L+6)WG8Y3&6VYT)D':%_Q_1\FC_%DO#$&C'O8_BC07LEI^0O5D*01E@X9


@=!!(USGS1XY\FP.@)I\#&8Q@HD443EH`476F
M;OSHC9,[2Y0Y4KI%064L%LBD:E+4UE;;M


$][].R-&IMZ/#0#P

M%W)RW=#/G2G
SI;PS:NV$^]WDR+0=Y76TYO^J4G26W+)


MD'Y%\P+QA6YU%\Z0*2H`?;/UWZAI\+69.98#(8.[704I/G18'H9/I)[W,#

MTAW^3/C]&M
A9=5.\\


M14GN8H[EGZV29.

MT'&=]XP`!SA%YJ$[G0L@/?^SG?2%\J2ZJ[;U3-L(F@L8-[$CS`_OG&\2U=




%M&Y3DZ@FE`?


MS@)7Y/E=B5J-.0/UMD(\$LM:H'ABA]`.SP$#
]#YVNLJ0%H

M\S4T4+!-J@2PG:O^]


M


_KER9'TRHH%!S!ZUZ
M`T#(F;U=N9VB79%5`NW-:!3-0#I?]8^E'&3)


BNH(6X+XD#H:.=ULZ1PF$6B1:'SAU/(G$@U\34[



%2T:RN
U((IAD6R;JD)6JNC;MO2*




-ZZR3Z499L(

J!VF!NC`K\-
Q[T$
&PA`;BG5D]'
QKQFO-%V,^`./@OD)FB*99^K
M6*3&K%S8VM+[S_?WMS_**V1O3+F9T_-*,0)AW#N8.0<H*?O`!R)M4<BHS
M1[6+9O?Y&W
2%2DKP8N`2SE@^]&4AU!*HAN+=/**M'9U)#U$CL%^;0G^+=88

=-+0R.%26,I9T&6S3G3.SP6RR$


M2V\KZIL/$7H(!.!\M^@$RM@^!UUX=NA


MP#6A70YML03A

F[G;C=C#*
8#+IQ22R]D-(^5(S/.%R+RQFL
MCM5WD;P01=^=16510!^$DE*`M-]81G@CC)EW4S109T5TF@I'=`A'2:!S^Z[


)GW(J;VF?UBL9ELZ
MRW6D&H92TK.S'TT9/!WT3%-4B\R?B\RD/*BS9M5&PSKL)\.80S-I_
M%R@




MSHHN3
6@JF^VMA5I
%
MP9Y$_]G.EW[SU6#2BHF6JF2<#+)B.J-G/IO.-<+9#I:

M;&=RKM.@&.M:QEJ=N3CAITXZE0I.)ILWMF^^M6P36ZU_ZF14')JM=$
SEL3S
MY`Y1/L




_PI:

MC%HG\-/@F'@*P9GK''


3:N
M0VKY@FF



M?G5#L`+O&N:VXU_1*_4.U^NV


MY'M?
=DWV^/'






M7)Q[/!LACZC_,]09KJ:#2XEIBO51$7B*


MZJH]H+1*9RYJES_ZK5QNG:HS?NWG/QQ-F:UJP':Y88^Q0HQM?D!B4N]NL!T!





M*R



REHWQ72SX&
-ND53/9GN64*[=EN

JZD.

\K#+VRW;QE0
MR@K_/Z):TE9$EH2YD$;99+`Q6*#QF-/7F<RD(:VC(7<6RIV=58N.SV#0:V4


V




/*(V\../D'O!0Y




;\T'D&5,'!-X?,M9,1C,TQ&BOMV.#ZPSF9YI048L1D.I(;X8)


`/MRMTP
M-(57Z.PS^
M_`N


M#QW::3!*RP_`R#5\RO98H(79
C%P
+LAY!O-^'.8&G$G$8E%?)I.N!HS(B=A

E=^
GD$+72:;(V)KHK/U7[FD(S6K#0QA$=C\%L]0`(3H5V8%Q!L6+8[PFI_!+
M[Q__CSN

5U3T+?3*H;YR

?6F+$D&






]B0V2

ML-1EZW@9@A.N/8I*W@-4*=(]8!T'_]YI]$]@'DC`7J'YDOC77.(+17R2*B,
M4\Q/809MJCI16#L(*QE7_EBJO5I$&P?%^.?&DLG#]U/1'\!TB@XDP3BG(85

=E8-CEKQ!9ZH35O(\IKJA
MNW\YYD-@@#8PR6#'#=7TQC%VI

MK9!3T($#!78=8E


M57P8CGL!+KMPQELW3
KO%\]A
?X$W3
^`O.Y#




MW1_%BI_2Q:C@%$25



B\*


MKV``WAC*;I*#E3.G/R,,%18,?(,FZ6\_F/=;Z10J/NMU%D-L*:A_!;[T8`
M%4_(RV!!F0Y


Y/V_/
M!RKK*^E$808FF]-2(D_EB2!V^&DGI?W`(OY8./^`5(V#.7/:CB:HDWPW*/#



M5[N^?YKLY0/`30:'VPD`&I00K^(ZDM9^%HA

M

MX?LW9S++`^UOJBS1Q]V#0G*)/$@

M1DM%([V'=N0



MYL2S.#TLO;-D0







M.)%S8&S*8(L'LM!HWUY#IQ5=;X:30T=PVF?;:A&LX--M]_3^7ND0'0-HASR
MOI:DRME]Q,MI(X,C\';7T!GTG2YND

MY=6M3_V)]%F=;V=H'NH!ZB:'!2Z6YNG`)EZQS6ILK0@08E-):`XO&?K
UB7




#KBX26#9
A\@2#@





MLE_+GW`M?

M[H$H^'KL,'?2+/M/D#SW.GEX&SM_9G=]XR;IGHXW.?K4^2^&&$ZZ2(0CWM




M2PUFENQQ/J&X7CB6A&.))QEQ0HZE;E+KKA/T+%5DXK-MLQ:.\BK@.0FZ3HZ1


.C0G'T_M,DXE[=/71_HGLC+L-`(YP@B@/&DE+`<V.Q(&WQG::2L9;Q4E(G

M@DY)MF$ZO?EOH#&4

MN6I5N6#]0-^QK'Y34H:KA]/J9-K?WC%':%UN[EYX39*@A)$8&K0R

M








[6T)3:;P!#1J$


MX
8WR%2-N3H+7GT`H132@1MB:'.X6GQ?AN4B`ZP'*&*BA4:[=SN]P;-W+P84

RZIQ7M[9OOMX_?]I:YTM%V7QX#+[N0I\_TL[3%[1AOXJL
M*]6:883#J/
&=M'S9C]^0O$!O_IKO`T6Z'Y5D/WBSUKD6:1WL.2.O_7N]NK

M8`2FV9F^1UQEM]D4DOXAKZG+GG?_EE^TWIV1]Z3OKMR8Z0X03\Q..UX5DXA
MD^8(!%+F5+AC
(0J?$1%*B2+$]C8AM'5





B114O@*WL2
-PT[TQ/W?O:%][/RF.F!TI-CN_.$][/A

MN%CU7&Q\((@C/*9/*CL])R6G@9F.F;!V:F-\GQUFP/:/5#JX3_L_$IIB=S




4Q%D0
M)\O.&7/_(4


G&9X=?MQ:JHXLZPDM;\@2WU]



M5$[-K
L[7-W538D9T?

MJ@X)WA\@/UIR_J89W/#1#TE9V/#O\X6R5K7=AVC*-?G.4O]'TC&-?GSC=8F
MDGQMYPU0?8?7=]*\[^Z?KZ5A1[J]^_WZZ?G+]=WS$_ZW]-O][=VS]#O^\^OC
M]5


M6
9+]DK1V4((FSIL033#?-LV5?Q#INL:6]L8-HK)'W%O`Q;X40_HD\5'1E



M7RE_66Q/\INR4?0SZ5:?==@N_/[7J]]^9+SF







MT98:_0]\B]#AH#

\WHPLBY!X*H2NU%=UCO0YU)?.


'CXL+`\'



M82N:I+M./\[BE86R:;@
6!;*O*G9&!U


VC*M=C.--*/IF&93EIB)6J)+PJ&/RK



SK..R?K

M[(_%&
!4$%TLER9:*C8J-ZN5U]A$`6.WD%NY5I;3[\L%@Z(B-G&BL0EYFKVY


M[VI!%R0CZ^!FIZ4V.^K+SF:+[2


MJ@DOR[&;7K;=C(A[.[H;C+O1.SZXFP

M/'N';!_RCVBC[
@/;DQC_1M
0?S='8+H[7Q0BEX&T\#&L[Z\S':'90#='XUK
MWNXHVW9)U$B.D94LE]IN

RGVQ
E/`)7LPP;32_6$






MGV7+F5I9M]R`
87R6:\[;G$M5?6*7+&*33XL+`\'^@=J@P0.L

0^
&6A:DDN
M`Y;\#ZZ6SP;306?5W#G**6\G%P_GQ%*WDJ$Y;




ML?*3IS9(.4S93+JJIIR\J+S_J&@PN^9IA=^)A[]5=-//I]
$!E(Y5!H/#X0
M#!(4?DP*'_?&U<^[KC[9I1ZA7Y8MB#R7.EE/+W^&71%G51%TK<U7)3)=\DYB
MS9IYS3IQ87\@(QP:^F08\S=5TRYTO+2MZ$L5_Y;&2:]4:Z89UM9,H+D[V2^



!VM
M-X8.$^LD8R$M'8*4%'TN&?:*)

2#D@^


N/]

M-BA#DFYC1K]NX!=N7_Z#9K9D&Y*R-DQ;_8MX^XI18IW452/%U$D%=6-V-DN$
M#\QV$!G_]]%4]+D5\FC-T4+551N=:^HKF@=D2S&GR)%0F4

(;


\N%6I9[G9/'?8&U8XD.Z$
M6&Y:E$IP4XY.4C




MJ&!A\HH]81FO`



!'-P+_!ZKB%S%=U
M%M?/!-)5)3+K8FK#(S.UWPP5O_)W_
G6S-_638T
D.(-C!F%1ZA&^:QVBJ


[I9IRB6M3^T5ZI4/-N4]#H:3



B

MNN!HSP0-$;`7`7M3L.SR:!7B@,+!&EUNF#OK#\Y$-P0"(2!@5ZB(3!Y-#H
M^(#)M#CE/6/R=E(EM/SLUH6.[]27V&J(\QX$$%R'I

M(N@N

ML==\T)39&Q+

07US@9=N?JD54%!+:6@_!FYU8/P


]^\%;8I#V/D2GV/)SDAR3@


MY$PQS1VL2)_J


M8_I9JICUDGO!-PA$Z3



.WI`.^M`N_+B_5J




VK#IMW.T
1-

`'<.S



];5U@EQ:02XG+UU&P^HKV3FE%?[.<:#]]'%I)7_`L'I:J6L2BQ]T


A#(U-A`$'AU5T<:KAB$</K'*$YF

M:VNB9RQQ/VK&[


MZ3860](-&Z)$_T$S&US%2L!158P2ZZ2N&BFF3BK@K

W*K4L]QLGCOL#<NH?(+E9HE26[*T4EJYJ:':Z\$/VT3/ZVXP6?E'+5`
LKR*5'R*+*_2(*R7<??Z9Z/1('=#AJHY=R'<.^4TKPK*LTOC



'H1'JL9YK':*JB




5=MY(^X%IB9@
M:J8V


MDI
J
@_JHJO&I00








ME(3YH1




M/AKND_PLCYI)'R@C(S






?]3-&
//I21RA+ZC;N7!?F[1-Y.2









ZZPVXZ$9_
Y7!'-GDG1]9W+=$W



LW)

M



MB9'G+4X1

MV#$\Z_:&Z0DV(E(@(@5-]W2+2(&(%(A(@8@4B$C!L2





+2PXZ'R;


MU`P4*D^[XZ


03\@X#_N
MOBC_




*23.'&TNO



MS9'\X!CJ2XR+14('U;2E3+L3N;8[D8]\)Y0-241+%7?#U]U\
@W+DCYA2R1O


+=SVO#Q`IK!:M.
:J@D*/J?'D.


.5TPJL/
U:#0557CPG:;_4''
^B
M/P7RK00G*B#?O`W:!/G61+ZI




_^C+W7*Z$B=0:X![EB^`
M51MR'9[LL++FT09O3+F!U

E\@K-NG
M6P[ER^89;


M#9K&DSB&YEHQ=55?6I*JPXPYQ&RJ$UE=-]BN9R*
.'^AN;2$\0-LUS9
22.=




M\OGV]]OGV^NGUHM%K+



M@O(XQER!-2A`
S2P)KACOD\G7U[:F.J


9
P0+40QDF#L&@MC

M(@C@.F:!6*@!O@*R.6@/.&=M-QL



M)#ZYP#52
&;#JRVT7)-J9FIWT4)@P&%%G[G*;:RDEV(2^/Q(::ZTU3'/
68$
M4_!;\1=0%(P!O

DI?Y=(O7K:KC&=)D#&-!8JJ`%0


M3V4O'Q_'RL?E;OFTQ6SEX_1-1RP?OZ&

M\(7W9+DS3+WR4EWBRCMMJI#9-`B@)\EE/UX`_49)@.#O?RL:(RA$274:ZWS+

&6'^8#K!6N%3+LN6(66BL!'EE&1






MG2?
)$Q2S[BC'4_.I






M=:A35RVG`0$

$
EK9:5P0


M&*.@:J+];6UO(/+P+`E\DO$UTVGYDM!OM




M5H=_W.M


9#UU4B`$&7RV2?E-T


;

MV]


MKY[R\V9N32LOIZV+F)S
K&Z9G/F
5

5)8R#E'#7DQ07C%6$V+(734X+'^
M



MTVB


U4(2I!8'D9#%ARRX.Z![C:UF7_-[]W2)EP

M$QK@T/Y;I*-IJ)V+TQ:'Z;XOF:YFZ$2VL*]
_\B6X#72/H/IFD]
5ULAP!J


M\



V\X1C`S02`/TF5_1980*

]K/&*/]C8_R
M_L2//7







W'I&YG(E12@;2-.D`K;J$G
MYI'R?0`Q.41

?;`,CGVK.I8UBVCMILS5G*\5

V.]4?2=I!F*CC_;F

M!B0;98/

7557UKN[[]V
MGCK2'$P_O.X]!LO&5/69NL$O(RMO30`!?IGS^XNMA5^!R5%WGCJ3/IK*7RKY

MVIK&F?2;@N\0MKQ#^IGT]*9BUK/`$)_1V_NOJLS?,`-L@QR2VM%U;6=M,5/
MQ&X?_FF',_P19`;$-XZ?ZBO!3*S1?(H*J^]'/OR2*%8`12Z2#%8]7L-Z4
M37!5+0CY5IO!'D@
/HAK[8ZC/`)/P3[]5Q9
;
=_8G;#Z`2Y9DF`1?DI;`


M!JDWP7_H]LIR;[K*(6G']G5=D-Y39)K7D$SSBE?_EZ


M:VD[MNL2-C?']B_8PHZR3U6B*%1?L
YF65NLN)`SINN`06/'$ULQ3;7#]B:N

ZW!]O.`R9N+T71#8#
MG]RQ#Y.0(@A!:O1.^J/!S\-NM]/UC6'T\+;8F!^P6=B#;2XQD7`LU+F^!`+
M9)J.3RBFA
+42%*N:=.+[#@Z0X2:KQ+X:@+$@S(B_O+VZ`R391^NP`*FSF
M%9L+)U3?#HG?L?:R%];ID8H3&KM3E2@.3:D$M=L7$!CHF`&.](Y2(]0QK
4ZGFE=9KDXMXS)&N!(<#8++0D('=Z

MS%;U@VO%4EAYT51K1708';VQA70
K3`W_A



EGNB!;6%?V)E[$R21M*G_/2LM6)C#3WL




G8Q
5W/2Z@
%;BL5
M&U7F;+5C[-JN-HN0YNCZJ,J\HND-V02M7!#0OCS?J0DR/DX9R!
FE2/^UN


$I3EC9$9RB@+*3/O%\D









MHC9!X#7.-@Z'?S26*^-.8R&CBC?2C?)1


M\

MJN'D[YX$+?%_1Z=)2Z(QEFB




M!?[@*8;OE3@
JX?U9E+_.MYA2P4F!H$KN9@89%BHH+V6)Z@GBR8YG5-B;:

&M=3SQ8B1J!&G.G*9U)X]X'X`N
3F
Z;
MPA$


SL*G*_D8X[WS!+/FUGFW
?0










OMB84C61/&-5


L\BW&(.&




M
U[1XZ.O^F&XN@%0P!4
(OR767;KTQ:_@Y$=3HE0D!_@7POGQ7;Q)Y6


MFEQL^A
0SOTH(=CH+98B0N2)'[S:P7C])T2W$112@:UHD;%+32!:Q`C$.)\L


U+`JY?H=@C+2\AU1!B*(_9^*
M;
**

MTLO
;XB_17UM

@[K

;C'J\
BG?

LX(5DA_?@^

I/4F?D.[;=
M4R)


M!
#ES%^@Y_F3N*




MXV%F-)[D(2%UEU7J()OB#,E6!*LQCWG(F!5Z9)KR*,M!%:%7C;)A!(L1:_



/T_?VM%T;!8@:]J$VW]_S'#?$S!(P9@@KAC_=0
-.6/\UP)(5I2`

M1#



#I[1J2-_?@%4]$J0_+&0/R[[U=/F.=]7]-WOX^^
M_GT6%O#/YQ-[YKAO%]M(('\+G;_AA8;?GCP0IW'0XQ*LGMJ[?%GR^=L\5.&G
MZ\D$CO='9C[`6ZJ53*V$^;B
(
F0L<[!4$`

$


#WE&=[BZR[&^4;\KX2T7RI8HLRI'78/O0!EQK![:J
MZ)












M`(XU2&T`6QV!GK?G+`B;6'FYCOWDN/@*8^Z'#BE.8'R)CK4[TP?:S\\!?
:I





QA
$K*
M1'%`@VPZR;P1`X]]_G5O@



MDONR/5IBXW6ZE?
ZMG1(G1V3Y







MEVS`M*-
S%NJQPTN(/4F*9HM^2PAW2Z3G8%P2K*1&?PWP780
T5
;6*;`M*A




MOI5#?PI7_MZJ6@-K9/0[B
O&=N05&ZV)O7`9^Q+=5Y*_8_Z:8$(E'@'F&-?!
B2]3QBXY+GK4^!+^H)\Z(/C%_P_X;+0H

-VK

?KB&`GE*-H8





H+P!G_?'+[_DO/M$Z(\X/^<`\G/Y_<W-]]_()X2.]_01QD?'F\
M(_^R\+_



SF.%-J*LD/4E-)324`
M)%)327Z0FDIJJM9SIM14DA^:TU0


AI*

1T-;9`Q&[X!
MXC5+*K
4J?BD






MG?`+_MOZ5Q_A[`D&.Z!K@UXCH`^X@K[]RVS@M4$CH`^+@=XC&W=VSFQ8C9S:


:#G82!W1Q07=.B%





M0@&R/3]PEZ(*

49::A2*;BG=/@

(!@CUC]/`7SQ/T?]`
M0H:0(QVTXK57+*F06S$G`!4([A
Z/


KT2ER;Q
MMXK7*/9W:A1UM7INK%B-8ORF!FL4;YQP9+L`JR1NF;2$C-SS\VG"UV<*&]

W%V(H_X0+^TJ/




M







.5B\`*W/H0B







M_15
T*'.^XZE@+BWP!8=YA/X4H7ZP@L<86R6?^T?E3Z

\H;/]MOYQ/7C8:CA*[*PX!S'ALAZVZP9_[






MS\AM7ET8;XR!







(?KU*:3=TBT(9S2I

`G#[QUZ;=1^Z-XR$F=&P7I!;?

X_K]1L('=1(5.QVM2,ZP[1?W#Q
M8&/:A!`VGX0?CCX#FC#C)[M+@.\V_K596B/CKRGQH&U)YV#^
@8VE)H5[F(
MD/1G?:=7C`[Y\6LU.3


IZH-:!

MU1GIB!S24WRW))FV:0Z089!QE#EH'0`4[2#G`2@\9;?H5*)6:+UMD8\^A'

_ST(-



?9Q



MD;\QM);%(3VR.3W3J[4XAK(+($17!0FI`\N3A$@M(%4(0]6(=P+$%ID6*7
MBT

&R5'MK058#QH)W^$=.=`UN1


MZ1K:S)ZB2Z11\UI9Q^.8L28'AU
+IUDROA?5X1!H4(OXU#_5+467:D;(BJ6N



G5


`+&<.3




M%0?^T

AHWW0G6@PQV65=U89^UV'

M7SVW?H_[GN8.3:SBPCEV@UEXHKE%??!P`+T$5.RO&$N^G$7*$\.D\$5$K1
L4A).TRAO43@`O)G;Z!5TT7H8




)=]
9
MND*9:)X(J)2KJ_7TZ1SC0&TN
5=K5?)`;32W5C.L3:?'Z@57JY3A$JG@?*`U
ME]RJZ*K77Q
\T-J6%6L.4TWGTUJ%K$HYN#K$:/6@C]`.%P'$=+GUYHLH?.^$



M(@:99L


MOT271)=`P:ULUY



M)G1)[FH;=W5L-M9=-(4!L


\P
MC
@$37!J_P!.)[(WOVII.NW]L&QTW


MY

AT(4W!-I`
02S!:4X+V4


MTZHVH%.RGF2];GB_93#6!-?%!RO'=)PSAJ68KMZ



(5

B+Z*51=`
MA/91&MR<^M/0#CWHX1@H[=8B@B1)W[P:@?C]9\0W4902`6VHD7&JD&!:!$C
?-+'/N8V@BBU20$GLG9[7
M49AKST-XL?SAI]1[](W$<1,SG)2[^CKX=SV?CX9G.R\UZJ^^:Q@P&\UG%O_







ON5:3^UI-V0[7W'::!E2-6/AI185OXY0NL3-/$KNMQ#YBL19P61;/
M*%&NPA2)TJUH2Y/:Z5@Z2





Q90.K^3CUCLDAC*4#J_DK\;X
MJQ.;Q*NYR+\&MN


(W/C/E$^Q()&+06[#L&6

\





137



P#



Z7O@=0K)IQT/V.`9K^CQT5?]
%S=
M`C@@81_LLLN_5IB]_!R`ZG1C(#_OA?-BN_B32D:Q9ZZNR5!5K%6-TC.'
MZ?^L5

M:30L





[\\




MBQ6%#

-!+MVI:5!VYTE4\#H5T`?AB[.;5Z`M6'-08]9[NZT
MJR9_-\UDMCPJ%



M7QNVFGW+Q:%=X*IR):


J^8+%'$\:G

MU!I`P3Q\VD3!Y8OMN'B\YL0/0MN%#_BMR4D.L$X!-%7`JV!E?K2I26'QVO*+


MI6;-3H8V&/##YD!PKYJC1F:)13[%7=2LDJ1`.0$IF&]MU$IA






$
,'LB`!K<C)P*5BU%;O-<-L2($4W?PN
MF)
N)GLRC?2$YAH^_2N\.PTIJYV984NP8*V]K;C




MXA067*K0L;%3BAE4-88.
6.;QM`A6&#!8:%L44R(Z=/7NC)QV!?
F=ZW.K2W


\U5/HF'#?W=Q\)&/V8EH]WZ6W?
MO_P?-_II[+S\G^?H)_QCA'T1$$9O+OSYY


M@ZU7!?B
A]XU*/(F].5P;GL_GR`^V7JII@[Q:Y.W//E1Y







P\O*F0I:7$C4GZ2


&9703-%
M






+78]6Z<IWWFW
F\*(L0#9EL1TT
M(1TP\1A9@B7!D@Z8=
#:PX02+`G6`0?


G4


9H^%VG95\%6?@9%

3AWY\PN@


V9M&(:X+`F_$K
4!N.\]?1%:-3-'`EKN$5-I(S[(5



Q^07KCU
M'B(D/?AW=Y




MM&

MO0A33'-4R7



F-O$L)N8IU


XQ(J])&[R:/]



*=34]]SMC#ZV:O_#
Z)=8Y:71+SR+W\-X







9^[#@SQZD=_18YV&M[G#K!^+,=1&\/,'AQ1BF0S=Q;I$,@
MZX-55W;YPVRR=,(!'Z#W'$WO)E@[;6%O0ZA3D&A4.;'/VN#CFDLIWQH?V?&0
ML8U2UP&??$Q2V[TDTM21\N]&:DA/ZSINKX4S`.GI@6-PVW#GOO;G8D`JLD)
M)@[I_
OGP!DMW&@1V.Y][+NM/[^/:*;&!SZJW'G!RV(/!L]O12$;J`
:R'8O

WK_RFRF0
ZMYSFDYF(VR[P!+':0K:N2
/O+[HW+@*3.O$V_7N+;P)*75\!J4O
M]UC'$49+-/6^?0Y;L-*?FR'<#,KEVPBW5:@PQ5`QI-H2[GZ,!3'AWJ@XS@&\
M4#E)G8#G'IPEY`RJR5L*.8,&4@$@SW-V]\/.H..S.NP41V<+?:$R:][2WACT
M#`JD&X^L(]L4?E<7YZWBJ36+WCW]LE&7G\
Y^.K_Z^%-P[@^



2KGP-_

9BW=].%5)B

M.)$









M(MMU1GOP@2-JD)21




SM.0RX^_`5


M6I?/3#2
W^$=ES`US<


!OT.VAYO:+[N%4I7Z
MV`X6Y%1Z^CS`8Z!FX9(-7(@)NMB]^*CT%L1#N/'O-\_!.]Y(4VY(N@GQ=
HY


M





MPR[YI`SB@%T6WR7&B2
`@3CD:UM




HN

M)GBA.!A-\:H&QB57?C)SGNE327T6YA+$02ZTPPCHB@4B_$U2J4;FUA-$S.:N
M8WLC&/.N[;H[;+A5D:E$2TC:I/R#]++$7`2PG/R=)OO!*C&[@HI%L#MA6B
X;5L


R1Y
M3UCFQA#9)NS0(%OON_`



^B8\P7`?IU&/O

,E<#EXGD11KM'9*X0LGQ]5O8#8;G

(F$86.:J!&#M.05C,LQA&DH9`
M[(W$EJ3$)MMZ0U4&_2UZYJNHV//?C#-,1<MZQK[PP33H?7NFF#H4*/*C?
1
M6]4=V7`VV+)QAN=2%[[V
Q%'_RU^@]XI_ZU#SMD#G$=;40%3%D3BJ&]800N%

&_O@S`FCUPXDVP
MJURW`BYWDMT$RWF9\Y7SNGY

N8!/(_LKXA#
M0L:S`@(XPE?!1
E?WEW=XHY]'ZDO[-409L&
B5[_XOB+$!GV

M


+1Z
M1HW'[ZEQZ$+9%:_5RUJ+KC







M.

M:(/UXY94HS?(Z!TZ(DG5%

K8
MDC+M
M+[$$TC(<J8IJ$80GD@=@ML3^Q5OT5[S?='&A716GQ1Z&<
7(OZT^?50H<=5)1\#7GL
?(+/A'/.<*'/&[--$I<%L;?HL_C&?4$05JATZ%O
MAW/;^_G$.-DYZ




,]AJG/(.@%C.')FMAO^?')N;?81
M73Y\N;M)M0Y]29[Y9?.];W-X^=4)OURMZBX^X[*+CV12^_H[N#4/-PK^OWG

J'WOE]WQP


M-\G%

?Y]%!4UEA<:C++%:*(B:T-W<#C
M6F=P.52/9%%

ML=$@EG#JY1\4R[HAA910@NVZH/,8%&U89=\4@9QA0ZA/9V2&B2
`@3CD:U
MM


P$67U^R
+?4[4A$U2I`J!J0(6J2O#J(K#&




M[2M5*-%B1^Y'%EM+KD;QX(V45?0AGXFNW=I=+(:J+4QR%DI5;$79S].3E4N0

XZ[I8&HJVX;^\AR

X!I

M'=!

=_0-$



4_#%^CMIV/_\+3BAO!@
N;H

`PCL/9HCVLN05#\H2%A4]=BS1=E3TV4K'XZN_A04RIVD]_'Q'
M43:NYP=L]60+


#.Z0JP81/5!$J


E4
M&BQ39DC6LM


M(2-_(V#N-KAJ/O-*)%15+R
2VS!5QTV\6R^%FW[CN.F9U5`3@\1:%@FU%JM
M/1CFU9)Q$^_PM`G\AXWT\MY40F_0:Q0#)I6KQP,#0\MH%@,,4VK(ET*RL4'


K67Y$_H@Z=K%#;M[
M4D]-WS:8+)W++!P

MN(\\+\P\*]QW1HI3LC0C2U0U3INS:@8\E5:3ZZLL
I$MC7?\'Q
_S5=KP/
M?A@^^N_@/1RY=A@Z$P=Y-\C3\9YQKE33XSSI)QBE

MKU@G+9QPBD4I+CZ
E]6O`;%RO4
2


M!:


N'R(.6G7SI2G<<5.?L'M





`QQ#.L%L-;&_



84Q11864'D\
ULQ]MT`M'W

M$9[V
R:@L%6;0]54




MZ#N+D+&C&Z4YC&WLAW&*.('
&V7[Z






M

-(8)#L0Z^[_7J!G:UCB=$T!N$)SO@A&4[R]@RV3


5%Q@HS`!.4[[
7S6G6UZ@E-J

M[*!C.T^+]


M.S
?V1J






M$8ZLLC44KA!WC81D
^1'V&S+S4;QMGM@N^Y:--9GVD.O=9-V@?;KS7YMLB=D
M^UNI:3F]2NLXK.UY$=FOVSS2_4IJ/FU0;OGQZ[\6Z


M=Y-#%J!OEI\8ECKQ0\J_._FEGQPY]PP94G=/8DS

0^#2*GXX]3!SX\


^!_X(PG%X$_BS
MY2



MC$&9@+C)7E-5L
E5RYN9D3^;X5]B
8MO06+8XT[*Y=TZTV.MP4]NGCV26NXM
M
\O


;KM?98W`


O






M^?'VPQ\78)O5R!\?;O_W^@(



MX%=V@

M@XN8O@KFK`7.96P5:&&LZ0XQINEI7U

MH9L$SW5[#M1QG=!6P-#[&7
(.!OP;J'P5-

=D)AC$$+





?+\
^?2IG

IWVK`/*ZE`;H-BCV]H_:B(1)[6?

/E3_(6HDGAY8U!DFM
M_H1I#$I6T8B%M%:,1Q./_*?:T%







MM#0R=WA


MU]6588$
91APHLUD,?4Z2`0BOJ6%1&
MB+B2L!((7='



]9!^5K_0RY8[0)33GE9B


MXW8*0FL1NS([0.JCF:B4D/I`A938#G9==/\'&Y;KI^ITCN-CYBDK1O_VJG



4ESNOCV4]

K.ZV&M[%@L#34L(UBB;VYK0K#*[;RNMSZQ

M05`F
HL=38?&7DUV8%15M7DO]/Z_.-X\^YW7U/ZXJ-ZUL+ZRJ)ZOL'ZLJ!G4

M$(
J!;1VS!9B-VGT.





M$G?T:M.NY&G?T$MX^%U9EWPT\YZ6'3ZE^S0[0.RCF;RT--SJ(6J+[0B768_-

M%Q.=C^QPIP(SEAHL17S;R8A1+$9EZ/18K9P;:QLLC(%




MY&\4IN)1[LN\`LZ


M'&-YZU!ZANIQB**`;HRN#$LY



2TL)5!
FZ^=F;UAB:%M1R+R


MMWHG#XA4

PNN_






W
M
39D![K)DY/%):KK-K+2SK@^%(&







0K9XD'Y8OPQ#

DVF8?+F=Z`0!5W#-!QF:T



OYYGASP^]1.78!7
(/D%S%.





M:T`

`RZZ;Y.<!RW73]3I'<;7S$)&G?_M5.CSWEL%RZXBII9-UZ@CDR

98HY%5)ENR\[HSM7AR
MY_41K$.63O41$%EZT37OO.X+V+1PP,/NT,YKZ:0+N%Y9NLD$D5L7Y6=FFI)

9!8[F@Z-O9KLP*BJ


;9^@.W.Z^$6=+3FK*[

MTJ1AZL:([D)B$EJ\8@W`0FH-JLLQ#[J\*)M%N;$::6G/1[K*&!JN@R

@YHK\[9.Z9K
ML64R3;#9#),)L..)1G&9WV


M+OEHYCTM.WQ*]VEV@-A'


UQ8:']F*[%/3+#O\



M34R12^L]XI/
F+U*1LP^X@FS2$


4Y2J$7.ZQ
M3JXO1


M)#DY5Q5(JG:A#U/(;S8&-*UE#-@T2H0CC%!W96O_I6D
B48G39P+N\%0*!HM
M56G&(7:-@-;HC1VR\
-MPYIS[
+P45V/ZYI0X:%N#HMCA/ZVG)W?LLE'C=Z


5^NQ5`



M



MP[.:O=*SAMOMQJ*@J




)-;2(C1W
M5\M&QTW\%`H[^.%G8)1JR.+8


H]

G-W:?'\]^O;W_]U^
%.H@[_HG\YN;RX^V'/R[`HS.#(?@$

M_6

?




MCW$&;&]




M`


;

E


N\CE)
'T/


$@)(:![3-?(2;P


M.N&3[YU?DP8



_

\HCW.`
+2&-K(/T=OA\A?=[`W!Q.-'?/1




&8$$RKNJ[^LK

7ASH+M;%




'QE`
J@$-\W@60MX
MKL-_%N-G

N0M%W&29%@P%I$FPIOW^`1&#/C401]!?T92GOJ[
M_Y)T3,/T90G&'?YEC`MTQJ^XVYH\=$(=Y






MV2Z9
?
PA1#'$*LWAE

M9!+BA;+/-K*ZL02/5C/ND4)PE[-Y


/0L
V`%W.:4BL`1'S=1B-_[KT0S
)W7W92L9^+*?0$`]VC
V(IJK8


MP@2GCU-D5)'@A]0[_


MR^C-7H_='I*QV[O5$!2&E4M/\0&3ROI6=WBFZYK2KZ(6N*!![)VOW+G@@!5F

*6




M%9N4;!Y'Z'(A.=
M$I$YVM2G1JIJ'T




M;U3RGRE0JP%NAAM1E
V_CK9Q5X$['DWS3O=QBL6*MLFU=39],;=(?X[B'1%
MRV7%H]CM\8'
)['HYQWD%%EY.+(G^'9K78RJ9O

M1-57F_$#O]

M(-7O=$


GXX

MQ&1)A25]QLD

N]RT#$[M$(PA

X8^B-0[)I=S&:


GYK'D$'Z0X!AC
M5@&/3$^!7V.[$+\D0N@/)X@F


CQINM-C'C

'&WZ&:HE:H?A;
M]*YNJ49C32ORKE6MD+%3*Z19U7OVBM4*Q6]JL%;H^J\%YMHKUPY#9^)0)WG*

&9:NK4E^15ZO0HPROQ[I_IHSC&
5FUNDQ+&=#.

%]3$62W!F#K$$L@Z5J8

MV)D^Z-

/KM


(.*IZU/D$*BF
F:2E6N6O-8W4.$)/I_'K&FZBU9.]2K!;?GW7WISA




ML7U=J77:H'6



MPNL6CG


OI[HZW:D*)*)@$1-UG;+*$+MEL=(B'][!I[K:D







MII$6
F$-U4
*2#6EC.59KLH8Q;K,W6T;]K3\L2Q\H9*7;0?
M<1)-]:.)A8\OD/8!]T[XY_DD@!`X.)T)PP@$R(]OC29J@R,-=&5W`'@]IR$


7AS
MH$N[3*=$Y5I=DS
W[HIX]F\U;
6
C

0;B
9P






._S+&!?HC%]'[H(`
M@UY


MWTM8\+


`Q\3%.$H0-@B\VAF
MT

0H2$QM_=


M7M$/P'Y^QI*'070\='(;8`%`.)[[ODM&(JT/



7/#K(['LA#E\*4C/`[((ODA2M2
MX=__ICR@EP2$A=[`WS#PST?H9.BO1&&`T2)XB25M
D%/!8@SR!DQGQ#&1=RA

-LK8J5D[&Y_+AR]T-L2I#8FKW)7GTGC+0

MM$EM=.
'$^A@_S6\]

M.ZA;&0!U:.I





@B`Z!M*\@Y*;*PL@\!!_L;*NF0B

MV#8*+R\6L3JCK`K:FN)=L0856RN:9VHO:_ZH0!0K-4&N7JUB]!5]=SYTE[7*
M






,X\R'_%-KGF.F4?S]ON4PBA);POH]@W






MVKM`;P;$4.K+GCR5OL1

8/8-


JC/I4AX/P%JY1ZZ8D'#E3<SR#DR8K[1+K


M]
9V^
MAY0\UJI6,7,[65@XZ`(YW66W^O\<<TVWB(99/U



+I;5TZ





M5M.6WL9*\FI@O#KU$0DB:




KPXZTB!
:'
X

M3E92FMM)P5%B^5SZI5-?)DO32F=PLW+ZO3S
))NEJR.YVSHGEY'@&(2MH3

'J;DKM#6NZF]I$2-.7A*8Z

M

M29(V$5)S4)E)4LH2FA&3:9^!R6-BT1/8%=8,\UAEP5D+U'J-%+FG]$$ZLF



%\\`9H?]&=A
;S2KV40X1S#3/'-%2

9_85/5=G

6AO3K.D^M)DZSM*-;WKIEE0Y1X
U*?+*.7/'238^


M`^+Z

M&OG/GO
W3+-4[M#I'-S$TXFUOKZ%&6YGK@DU

ML#[6@)S
4S.2



/Y


Z#Z-FX]!M%B)]]QXMNO5$`T;?NO+P@V=AH([G]=%
N



M6?HQY6'.Y#DDD\X(V-X8C!UW@0P**PRSI5=

M



M1RF4K0TLBG+[)89UE%I[7Y._%(?
VME`-Y4J'A(_Z1'27'2NV'S#*G%$`A]+



MK((!)*5G8!+@&H%3N]P`KX;4
&??M_/BQ]GOE/@[2I\/D.)BX





X


M.
@@56G)%3G$E4TD[8UX=:5/NZI(LJ5D2_YL:5@%/:?L;3#XYZHCE;*^K^GU

J

X0PV4=V24?



K5Q_PAZ34PG;':T#A-P-%[
M6JD6FQ;R0^/#UB3UNT3]\CE^71/4(M1?7/(8%<JOO0BYWP5<80%PYPJEEP




]DK
RH$UP(#H2[!Z!
@L

1#:$B3C'HV2)H(,C5@E2OQT2F
MGIWPXG+F+[PH^:3S`A_@:!$XD0/#=0$?*9W^C6CN-41#EEK'3PT!^ICD

]2G0R6QA(&JQ@(C




MH^][Q







%7+HN\-`;
TS8E`@2

^!/8LY

R^

MF7$$BEW?=X']M\/6T5+`(VL.XD?TM=G(D+V50[7RIOW@[2PV$8G$;#G:J_!W

QA'&./8!!AHYH*^\D'


M]D?
[PLB3)DX




MQ4H(!/2M\2*


*$
ZF^8X81ASC8,\ADI
M0IXC-^-K\FV<BTF*,&RT?[
&0%LE-EBT/?6L2:R_6]Y]BLKZ!?M(B).4G
M^'3SP

X)Q/L'29G
M6O:@!!#_'3T2/P;_(?:


MF_?P



1+K6P7J74'4,Z08RV6E`2LF_=@D2=N6
MT/;44(:Y=\T,=2:_&\0&-6=FY&2/1HO9(FY)6$91_A,)P[_;-)P\=%^`[IU

?
M3U?![N]'.QA-8+B37&V
@?.Q

X1G
4A$GIAUOY`=S/RFEU*C*/)3FPB/G]S,Z65]Z.JL4+]\O'
M'9;'VR__&[DA7/:;CIP`.7]XGQFYVG]-FNF7G?/(-0P61$6G^^:Q<HX)`'Q

M5^



\FECYT\
:

M;'.&U*-=T*

M5\;(VS.@9)65JEB;MZ#3FO2@,+&U[1$-01Q8M::8DXD$04+T*C)6*I8TDB
V5KZ0;N;JE;9^.?6Q1;]YBTEIG:J^G[.XCIBM?X*QF6'-*TWQA
ME.(++A=7R1B$,\,RE-SYNMWC`O'TQ:`47]1TPY1PBM$[-CYIFBM*;3_@<ST3
M\X!A#93=[MW.\`!UQ%!?%-`]!/;*(/`8/?!+/+R<SY=!!YI\B0)Z=H];^H<
ML]C^;]]4%5WJ


=M@X[;
DIFAL`5[7KQ`\0P%ZRV7KT


MYJ%SR3]--+JW;KQ8!6[IGN

TK8;$S'F[BJM*37AK:.



MJ$Q-RL!9@Z=R
IPMGZ6IU@[VQ\[4!UV+T&L[4\URZ8N1J3`EJXE9ZT
/S\1\
MLTXR+PB1??ECG-T#\77%`[


M;


&F-S;G1)F<LIJ<W'/LY=U:[CY&4)7+/KWP_[L.TH\R8@*
M`

M#\\6M`G9T@U%


MCN'HZ5
L3%?\H73

M=




M;7=L*Q[J#0]US3%B0=9YH.^UJ^M*Q_2(/Z33

MX1SJ(^(8KL



1U

`

\5\BSC1O##4YO`/T=-'F!Y!6X$HA2]C
-=5AF3X-?C#<!FG9GO.#]Z@9]D@S)OIA
MX)WFR2/-B^:

66-IM/ID0*-T\&4DV/J









Y-BR'0HH32UE315TI1\
M?ITD5
RQ7DY)4UGI4
)!4U9]_YF2IDJ:[E.QA#:!56\3*&DZ0#H\^2%D2IH.

9*KFN).:XZ'4$6NO




&=M#%NJZ&NWD5BW9NE(Q


##I1


MI:@MUB=L1]?U'J&2HFTI4SIJ4[:HDJ)#E*(]I&NQ4I1A*(3'Y



LEL7HYF\:=J^W&F+;P@T1Z\


MA;ZNE^?
$:'2QM9=
@M

`8@(7U]`''Q;@2@]]&*I'LKT


MWE1



M%D?:ZFFZG

6'.K:2EF

MJY^R








M01YK]C

M2/L0A&$01[AEFO2YS5;0(
EL


MKL)C88MT/C86V]L6;G[P.!4#PX/+XL0&BX.&6K[3=*MAS)HB#W96`A?R:#`/
MZ
C#PB[U4
1!J



K:]E52M/*QF


KD=-GD5.[?49=(M$+DU/2YNKG(+Y18YYGB*



U#D0F

MV;N7A!J)H'VQT$CD6@9;_\O%]?CMGD3+;@R'G+!:T:6@A`K_VJ?LZ!$;E%

MJWP@&H;'S\=Y]VT%_`S




MIJZ\-AGNWA;N.'P]8PJO-]`/





EX*7AA6-9-@]'H2QU86\OPB._^NPZR1^VU]X/@TH!.(K[?85[2V<=8
MNU5''61%*VM-'UD3NRQZ%J/7BTL

Q[@]

M9=LSA:I^H





/@*N#*0]AF40PU(PW86I
S&H$V\*IONQ5OJPN#+C!1D!IC[&


M)VLO))K&HVSU9Z

M^D`5

ME9H8.
XPBM`&0&CZ:$HZW$$1FB(TC.ZCV82LMU*1


M%#JE0:=!/[-*85


M
AN$2O?O4+_$@8`^P
]5^0HZ^K


M[')49-8QF1E3P@Y316:*S##








M\W1A+4@A(%8`(@

MPA_'AW90K85RQ



'T

M/X;




8TRJF?W#!BOT]]H&JPG1`
%)JRVY\.OIRHM^?J5;K_9?;#DN


5VB<W$_EA@[%KL18D#0(C#L<
]5


M'/K%FX


MJ4(749#=A##LL2W:A


MT=!2'1O
!8(UMN7U\/M@IKRVQH;$[0;]
]K:3#\U;X6EGPB80.EQ+:LA/V3,MMV,K9/JGTM4D)+LG%0C-*I.U4

MD8W8%0'`/FAJG;IT^Z1E7]-^*+HE**KT$Y5^[M1^JD4H4EBUIUQLT-0LI:A




M*TAL8'.'I+Q#LKU#!:U:D&IS`

:^ET%V&.6_O0_2

T


A0L!_2HR6,=@E,73Q95&*T*)Y%)$)D8R\R`=4_@F.?MQ2
UV8


MCY6*Z8[`K;$N-;:DH^^&+DE8!@JF/?!-X#Z+OQX0:H7
PN@IV]9C[#E1QB
M2KGLH
M1UA


M
^]PMDZW!=A$
PT%QVL;UG1V4()--`RLG[4-O2(]16B2%6:P*%X6`#$IFZ64




ME:%D$


2X/4NDM2'X8:PA*S7R#



MW*(AGI#?$TB&K)^]]/YJKV*!*30#VT.MGQ9JB.F#QT=BG2FS^_%9.-?B
0




8=#@TS
FI9HBCZT!`CH99U


M=T@(*SPF&0`EKK.'Y'0\309]9



M*F09LH0&D?V&1I1Y8=[6GFK7WD

MI\UC^/8L\+74[TD8#P$9:3=Q^LD?!QI41RM(WB$=/GYT-/F#[11Y-7@HCM


MA;!_E5DBU]+'T^.?


M)4[0E#S?2^^U6VC-1C[`GA[;/Z&-`/6

MXA







/RAZ)+0



+Y$SX





.Y1@.TN2LL1![Z67TW@N2?WGA&OX.





MY
NS_5)V!LE5D.U&_-(+J]E$YMDA&W*AQ.[OAM4;)L7F^FHW9FA.0FUN!H



M7%(`DKK7^,BT51(E,]KQ47B5%1/@\-%XE$QU)(Y.OWX'9

M
J)\UIIAF
H`Z(VU9E@*69)::Q.%&66L*6--I+&65WA6EJ0KHXVEKG%4%$=2

S85NN2TUUX;#0LX3@8WRF`;
ML



MKT'R$/A`\^

M:EW%1I*:FFY]A??P#
U+A%V09LK29*$?S=F0@Z]MC0-D[V=GBXZ8&E:4\4
M(TEJ:=J&FF+=&TM3S8*7U=)LB'L
S]+
)W%[2Q#-T4Q'96I2!LX:/)63X6SY
M+$VU=K`_=J8^Z%J$7MN9:I9+7XQ


N?'2!PO35`ES26U
O:'Y9WA&IMHHR)/3

KW5W;ATR6I\F@U6












\^<)X!AV4+K1FP






U%\:RT'!6=]7ZN`!ICDNST'-6=V7XN.6?




U*)D


W]K!NM$C/

W12Z=2)(
M$-K!@2NC'.N@SVZ@:!#9-\(B?64?5




R\


.CQ+.?\I_\_[B
MP^7O_S[7;H(E2+6/X*OV.5YZ4?''Z\O_]RX'6_;3FZO?KSZ?:YM7WKS[OS=G

0T
MF0H[ZK1;8LH%K;8KNU^^*$E+410KBIK9@DXZL[NEIUU;1%$2!T4GBI2*-W5(
M2S=QYH5U-/-CECQO?^FNLK^ZLK^@?7R
)M&OGPCR%&RU]]![\T+MW\!+Y!%^




=$*`\GB+X;!=-$(-&A4LF
MM1E0=:&
@UJRI1&?!-1L2U6$[6BX@;124FS)HF!P)T.Z2


;Q8P:A]_P8^1L^@DSS-GUK6ABG-%%D'M@CQ_C
MG@J;$SO)F'R':R_0@$2^+3V6A^9T]G8^(&W=I)3U[FUXZIDTJH=JUO$TZ
E,\2E1B<U^
MB$W\4+34@67M]6P\55)S$%*3NT+G&S67BN9.5B9B1]PECI\C%PCRU%N^D#D


M:Z\-!S]L9@@A(GH-(1\1
1!/$DCQ:8
([W&UA(0D(TCNB(V`6N.)$CI=5
;V
ML]I5TYVQHT1.%R6L0RE+U5Y;8TM9.IT4D/:S*%1[;8]GRM#II-1S*.6;N8.%


M&=ZC(T@8AF_5KZTK%=





SLQ:Z
5SEKN
O,$JI-^(='67?-T;)86<M29
MZ)=`


MX6\K+[Z%7?MB$+R*HL@&MZ:C76OV=@F[=;B$?4+?X=ZV8
?HMNZM9%RMY)N7
M+TJ^U7+&)2GMPH8!&6681)31JKNXCC(
711EY&_JD#)R1:'M:HJ7+THZD9X\

M+]3^#;Q$8@$G@_Z3AF2ZUI7](!D9=*(T)-.U_FQ)



MLT%0(?=5ZKJ@\86



M*Y6#:N$O%A:'&HXUJ


MG

I





=I$9=D[.J;G;D5+/2$W1SPYJHG


ES`N,V2',/M
M;B.9.K/4L263WAS%)I9,K11=*\M<!E`)472-XKN5D2X#N+!5'B?QW5TE$[`



M(HNLY`X!&2;^)F21


\H-PAS%
M5%]7
(AE#'2#Z[(L+/9+Q8GFKY/

MHDU8P2(7B!1-2413!FF]K%P@ZIE^[&5L9Y8)F(N=.=TIZA,IRS;0$K1Q1-



MKO0BFK]Y*NQ*=2V8__SJ\NT7W7'





M


+



MN30MA&VN*L@ME%ODF.




0J-4@V?H]ZDQU#X'925B:-=4H'9$'7)&U@[V'A

M=4UQ[/4)K@&E]$E_18Y%

MZ:_(
RYBZ<L!0&UGY#



;MZ!J)X3'
MCUH85




TP80WO303H]SBZNP')\G





M@;264T]=GP

.R


M$+$[]0ANIJ+VC1=OXCK4_P`33HZ)VF8LJA;WDJ.HH(?+@_Q[72XC[4
0ADC*

=0OX
'$&JZ)C5)




NTY&
MV`(S'I0S1+7

MO!*X#]#31X;KUO/P\(SWS\`+B^(P:

M9$D?H.=


MLZ^




M-*J4?C]HOP_0TTVU!T;1G\3TQW!X2
N9*VA*BUQ6/I/%
=R!0-_32W:V7G@1


]GV\9A(_G^X#)_Y8&
M?X/S'[E`U'P&#ZNA/2QL;.$S]\W=&E^8GFD3TD`KPX_K:W6MV'@PQ^RQ)N#


M5*8Y``(D**/\!!`R)0A2X*^3(`M`.M*6ZVP-_[)81_/##`7-849LKX8N4QY_



K_%M!7PDEGQ4
MD;P(XZ\03N\AOE
1WO%T_PA_'AW90K85R
MQ,#A9:PI:773)]VR_1I)V2(W<4/4!_G(@P1H1]#XR5!DG(.;K.*@-<:39M<

M


ANK.O24BI-+$1/15E**7GA+T!7
VVJM17X)Y

Q?ZQ7BT^06R_R2O\;A)<;\W[%3+M7[^\


I0C(@`\'-RVG!F'1F!LX&1\#
0UJ?V



H!
MLMISV5;+G'43&;)8Q2U.FM=F1C?1?ZME3$0V[#6QVF&6UG`[@G#+2,8`=-$!
MT,V.(GT6J]2X[%3M.&XWT6J+52:\AU0]L3NR:GOJZW=I%ID3NR.SJ*5K/P`&
MX1E6FW3C[%O\G?WWJ/_@,B^T?H^Z7GK#:L\Y^Q.]&P/+YN_L<\&57%0?=J-
M(6'S]_5/`7MN-W+2YN_\#PE[SXA.NZ
*8IM_080LV#O05E9'(.=?UR`+R#F:








7LJLFWJT&7]?7&ZX=S2H8
;?

G
FTZX=]

M
H%E.N&?^Q\HQCKC
?[N^
G8#=V8?M
)?Y^_YTPG26D4Y/$^*[333N-
)_R+

M_81^S-!3M31[#
'/KV[C9`Z2


__/M=N@B5(M8_@J_8Y7GI1\<?K
MR__W[ES3)ZOLIS=7OU]]/M<VK[QY]W]OSBY^O_SMX[E6'BU_ZWO(2EZH(83G
M,$(GV)RF`K`?L^1Y/#K35GBD`B<NYKD
W_%9:1],(0IFT#G)'X#&M0`/R


9D7!O+
MXB`3L`









M$T4SA8%7IAG7`NBD:[F[LZOEY0NUK$4N\E#+6KJ1WN2Y+
ENHK:UJ&TM/;%.
M6FR2HRN[



.ZK^$94:J+@C4-3:G;1KF![Q3L#V[`

4/N(Q6ZRQ]



&7S[#T)(FETB.Y.$7P[$%
MQ%]PL

M-
O5KM8Q.`Q8O`MT\*14^WB$H/'
MB#QJUU,@9D%,+3J[(F60II)SBJ




VEQC029=9-L?W!-E

#BE8K^[




M@C0TT[7X:$DS+




MDNJ:\SPPSWD87-Z9C

M*-ZM#6ELC_R!-W'FA31&!G\022BU]
F$

(-%\;(`

+^HR^]DU\.Q281H
MSTQ1-DAI.W8SW)6X8`1,I,#(6W'C3)%R$XUJBP8T5U3HRTG7/*5&;)B1%S
M)@-&IFT'K#+%2%E(]ZZLH^L
!Q
IN&*J=R&G9
&!;DB!`V.0RIO1+-Z9)06.

;':1;//@I4)0F8=(T1.
MA[]#C




MEX7+Z[7MVDP?WSYXC/P0;!2I9.W
U+9.@.C2XEU+*.B3T&;YHD5#+

MZKN-[I\2D/I)L$(]\&^3]5W9XK5I\/H(OW7S%80/X`
\YWUU0L#.C*XSNWZV





U]5ZTSJ.TXH+I0KP(7:E.+@6E


MF_;


MVZWH8'Y][T%ZJ5P'RS2OW*!XT*M?IOL1%Z(#89))2\NXF*Q^&-2U!)!)K1FZ
M)9


.T#`



MK8AN5



H&M'P)7_

'[0RF/C=`GOC


MBTN3U?/8QYT=HK`_).S73@&K58RFA:
8N6QM:%)-`KP78.%#7W%=C;V$4NY
MO?[D`351FA/S6!4UB'$L?&$DJVC!!%=%3BAP,0$7R]`(@$&CUB$*;4B3DDD


.[!TZ-




M]=RU6C1MSPCC+W+!2&&[E;_D3.I;!$3K3+DTX%NP`%#[S55/I#RY?9F%@82Y
M_=

M5(X

M-:1(Y5:BDO70%@JS.K)#

M:8MRP4@1E4Q$-9G53]:KF!H_YLMGMO^J;*6A77!S[/NZ(7:?4+''!VW[*7;L
M)

#%%B



MECU]QS9G]Z+CSK0:)CFX8JSEXCVB3*#+2/L0A&$01U2#&J2;63(H;,%F:O/
M-*E\\!XUPQYI)&UJ@BD$TU%=P0--W3J)U5PP):38ZO6[:`;../RKLUN$E`T



M0?0`TFP)(N74T5&7932L9E/\N`\Q1Z]/&P^

MB[`3BF$^1%-C5F!Q,M0%X[B.`;6$\'\D)/F.,?FK]TZ+_R@[BDA8DI5X%2







8?C^*X;76=W?P


-@0F]A^ECX:%_@`#)
2$Z4&$0A_WA`(A$H*=NEO,_MY
M?,CEM?QWA'VW[+=KA1,_AC$77Q4\D,5H6M,QYH5,\MWQ_D$JER+I2<C[3O=

MS__O.DB#H]NRJ4Z)LI%
G_B=[7)3Q6B3%_PX$%VASS.]*%0RV6,I2?%:0:
MZ$I&;!^
PO`*]M)D6I-H28NLL#/Z''6W7O18;*2YN7(YL[WU2'-
MEH`E-%ZA2X;N&*^3XWOK$E`:7<@*'[YM=</%W.9H(4,*C7+L;?B\3XKD8`WB
MEBBT[RQC;&W-CGF<^XO@VRI(`/RC.YYM_U;\$CIAVB)(?6@20]:R<Z,*_N`4
MYM5WACTV:K_AYI^[!8]Q-!\^F6]4+@(JDIUW45Z/XST3]\TE\3J$B/(
OA'

;C].GHPM`S#.+J#
M5LPSYQJ^
+^LZK%);E0^13


M0!1/

3
B22+
MX[^V`?ZRZ:L(LJ89Y
B=

MTU3(VIJ;$%*08

N&A+RP%50R@F?)^VBLF\-
MFGA(JS`]]XA]7'TCWH((F@4AE+AKB&V4.X2_?RSTU]=[Z'U'?4U@O#9FM6/
MXQQ64`K`KR.&V49

M0WL


'D1?F+B*49]A&&M_W@?A)@`?+Z`S
M`ID9%:`@X02);(6R)GY6&A#PR]4RHIJE

MM`*LL@IM9`$`%53P=_GZJ4(O^0?J7+:6+NU++T_H-(T?N&/KG#B(APPO6\


P9/J`2

M24Z





M4*-H;X.'(



HY1?=TT.RT6*-/Z@
!7`&R.


N1([8'99)59A0.+QHZ]9=




-7*
Q9M/D7=`B+O30/3WE29:K'++4#3/HJC


MM[XO).^_C_7A
9MB6*1_PC8N*Y`G/3ZO2A$-C8`U\-OB//2`:^MF*9@R&!
MKGSC/O

MGO


MST_;E2


D..3J?
MJP0B+]R?T]]*X@0[XWO*J85C[?UN:VL^!XHI

GTV:_7R

D'SUW8;DF3X;4=%Q%BL&]M][\WR[)F-31GX
HF%Z]2+(
M.SC]^6).=H9_,!5!##G6J:/,UD34^XENGSN(H`I@]LDB=
7\:63FWS2$F5
M/#3UY`&V$TY

H9$0T*<)TY]?G=FOTAP%

M%P@









M
O2)

MT0&Z
S(Y'-;

M
A%@H/++_
BG*(KBK\(+G+-;@B!ENK`)

*
MX[C87J7(5(I
K
A\#95N+4&K9$P78L89&PHKTF%%=QO0HG)D^&5^^3%VDV;S
M

MU9$=DBE--8*#EX2ZN;IU*2KJI0$:CWH8)$+8#RU@FN13EN4T:*J&0BJLFL



BW

M5X



^(P
8-BK7R[$TT$AT&,GEWL`3!M$ZB.ZN5M!VSVF]
M<J5V=EAK'])LE,K'SL/@'BUMJY:VLS%KU+<[M'.3&KMX37+P^9[/$5`VM#H


MT1Y:U5RL$W$[FRGA4\NL@0;-3
`]A2FUWC/Q=YG@ZSUR+2;
'GPJ`OZ?OA&$






)Q)DG==A
(^#N62B
MKP]E5;VKEJ&


M3O@#8WA7]Y*


MSXRF5WF3._R4@-1/@E7^UV1]]VM1FE5I86O9P]ZZ_Q-W0D?K
XL!!]/Y0[V&


!?4K!W6I@*R[;N-)T0L;
M#O5;`F]1.=24#O/.I)'A\C<VG.I?7K@NYOF%8?S5B_S*A,'9C.:(AJ$[32<\
M?'O#<3^K:5EP$?3X=6<F4T'A.][]D05T?M;'


%*&15V_B=.=25'ZR
ZF1/`3GXG1'*KO$-MH%






!SJ6JG-$.5P=[_[0<0K-$N&VUWLA*+!PE$GA5


]MX=D*L5B;L%(



M86`

MF^A02E]K

*;\IP!)5=;4=96\R)&'?1!ODE0(




MEY&?H/J(]#-(UR&:V?(^B9=OUO`U4?8))$&
/OTI3H-]Y-4N.*K?WG*P*GE_
VOY5-V.7?`K++U^Z`Q,+\V<QJ2?E89^5Z^UJC!0OU9^5J<'EN
M?PVR+RVI_\99/?P\VBG^CJ[CY.]+:A6K4F$1P3V_AYQIF<6`XY:FPN/*LP9

M2`ZVM7


U0EL$RR



D!(SX*P4U0


MQ.B=EZ`BS2H/[#;533$//9V4_U






M

[F)2WL7[MG
7F^HN&P0CPQS*



M=Q-_@


8PG3FF




A]O+C_^
M]N[CF\LCN/]QM?D)EVIW8][$CR&_\U%:OX@T#]K'CVF05P/D+5Z@=$YN'[7L






MS3\('P^^2#-B\:610O#[B/RKZ7KV_S4\/.HE6+`.KB0]_>*33[A+TD132
M7K`(?_*QH?('UCAW
A4

M@DC

MRH+.85F/W$24$


$AR\PYJU62?PM
M?VOXR/;1WQUK0:9ZXK(H-QYK;\$*0B0HZO3A_^XJ&BU`S0,^8H.YYJ7:O/KI
M32E^`+^X3N#GTG68PW73@`#5U_+\B_R&W_P'C7#'J&XLS72O@+MWGN`D$E3
MM
?B;CO\.N]P@#2\B)


:W*DH9D%BO/QNZA;8PYNB\:


-;+((P0
NI

PY!J/'3W--&WN2IR
MB

M4T?


M14@YG$]MBU#;(M14JN%.I5+;(M2V+4M0FV+X,A@:EN$VA:AMD5P9#U+4)M
MB^CSO&G)V4MMBU#;(OK



0RD1S==IECR.M3_+18P94FJ537QI
MP9XI6A6:/:[R,+H/OQ.C$^7[#D%\EWBK^\#7$G'=A!ZJ;:(PS#^FIYK?XRO



M[Q&C@.0A\`%C!.N3(Q6[O4
PVQMLJ05W'6Z?MC5?07!6!.-&QD+YN0B!CV3M

M*_I=/OXDO0]6VX]!0;5.(`Z1[-?@9X.HW%D[3]9W(VV.YHH40AT^Q(_7\$C%






Y_;ZS=W.\(MXV2W#SE*\+9
M.BK/4U#_TOM/?)23SHX*M7JI




D]9

M)90\\!O\-++IT9R[%
J7=33/2:5ZB^*

SY3'
MCJ`1@:R8PI8)$



M


M-BX]&/)!

M87'(6&0AVR62U]7Z&R*)S7BJDVP+F[F



MWO;(F#1PMT)/=^BQ1OK

WT*?ZJ
M&$


*Z:SAVYKG5DW(%B
M$
4@BD$@@S@CQW;KHY

M:HQ

]BFD@IDQZ.2YHH(V5&#
;/Y)8)DTF*K`8:=*+'?8
M(J3?!1XS57TC+W*

=&Q.5Y%Y5VD5-MCB8SO9ZD57Z@T_Q`YS+/'.DS5Y&(

<?5COEEO^Z_*RKV^;[;=K@_1;A\/@$'X
MH@+?NBAW9H++0W@E[SM\FBVZQOW%S8R?3CN]D=9UC:BO]<Z++

M*/9KUC9.Z7W)EFL;IQTL+!*^MK%`(_]P;@7Q_$U[BK6-%E\=1A1SL4C

=(FJ
M]429)ODKS)%A&OBSXDCZIV@D6-&2!9T!'!Q+#P5Z$H(A@2$6C&R+&XSBR2





H)B!-N[LC!S;;5U=
=SIB3?WH!P\B`K@BCE^JR1^





J?X
MY?RV$#S1&\NRT9!-S^6=:S][9$QT
G-'40R=D]6[4%U!

MEYOP5+2JGE.4YRE7C8Y@OY:LH)-S9HB`SJ1
#/6[@HUWRI1H_2]/CY^LGE/Q
MPBGPPHFMPL:LYN1NSE$:9]SX@(ZJN65#8XE(!LJIR@3AD(\?4H+/[9T%-'


M5&%@R<3JREP-K7P]VVJ(K!3C


E=57=TZF$9[848]@J


MT+1_;+_@WX/Y.@17B_VO7CXMZ?SUL?SC]B%:

MG


MT(='8


5/6-O
@Q&K(+
MJO9&U=X
()%F3O!WLZDBBI
NHC!UBR[QJDCFU$C&F#KU0X1/.-.2U]!H:3$Y


+
EF%ZK8_K:`

[N

MF]YH=*PD*YUZV9\A%PA%=W_

ZQF+:^8P%D/M

Y==%
+^_
MNJ&&T%T5D9;-5@J^C3




MAM8/ER&[#78/C96#8D0I\E6P]QAB
XRLY(^)#9=



UO37O9;5*_;N
M&[XHL3,A6**NL
LOJ`WC`

+8E[IKC9




%*A
]8FJ

M4


MJ%`H4N/@`LMM/!8+H2Z1H-:T/Z(@`W
MWT

#E'#KBGLPD-4:V


M)$%3.N7U
8[.Z!58'\*?`PAI%CBS1^84?W**+01/]
:R;#1DTW-YY]K/'AD3

$Y[IU]/!6M:IT7Y7G*U0XIV*\EZYWG
MG!DBH#

MW/B`CJJY94


M+-E@!3F3M#(PBRJ?XZC[+7U
E+]3NE\ZW:_*K52Y5=]1*'.YE1)YJM1)E3H-
M.'RF2IU4J9
J=5*E3OTN=?K=B^8C[78=A/

MJG=2]4X#-O55O=








;_@4/CFSI^Q1&<.2+^3S(@AAZ0^^#R(O\P`LOHT6<+#WTV[=!




)Z`61]B:.\IB.A[*AOWI0)/I`N[X'



W&2@BGJ?`





2`!1
W8M0PHPHB2'(B

@[EVAWJF1(LN;#TFM0311X8SP=X<V2<9TC6^*+%C3.MG
MG@V/O7]+O!27$T#Q9F+/=Y`L;0@EC;M^N0,PY!$=X%=2A'P[IN/E'BA?;^


MXRF_&A2@WW+#=/24I4@R(61

-'



G






.E7SJBZM&Z]%4
K!9PSJ48K0=V<GE7!6IJ8K1Q$@I/L5HS1,%6$@+B20`
MVD(F5YT1J</(81;,AJ0)7%1-'U9^)=92)9A_Q
7PV-*#71_B')[)^W5@L


M?U6QNJ[V!.),YN_=]/3\@HM_Y^\`EP+:TLM:&0C#ZCTH-!A*LU
IMF.[`N

M


19&`Z


UY?YY^2*K7576L$Z&/;)20@]:

LTU`S[F5E;MW4^8]\E(.Y



UPL%P@%2_Z1;MF$X6BIN%
5HPD

*Z.O&763X-1I6BJ%$TFTW)@_HDJ19.*NGKMN*A2-+I2-'^=)&@*51AX
MMT$89`%0=6FJ+DTN/*JZ-![QW`O?3]9@KF6)-P=Y69H/#:?U$@J%51(OXXS8
MCCJ)`(.LQE59C^8..Y$LJQ


MA+VW#HGW37PCS



QZ8Q3/GJTK*WQ7-S@R1%F*HOK%9X#*?NLA0W3L.R1=47

M=X9-Z#?TM%*P$Y'[&51G6#\\%-49)A5U]=IUZ;0S;$*SYY&%_*3O#(OB2#6'

N`DY[)*
W*G1@27^N7*.
M,E/ERE6NO.7U;%


_A4#X0

M_U-L?(P7V@&


%3T0ET3Y(L


1

*T5Q$U]FD3Q:(+T






'1C=

MG=-

A






0&*-C

%69

2$O
6$ZRY/AHV$?+1LT#2F#U'J!M3C1*:I]^%XI'RQD+6_J]NX

3V/CLV(T?
M^@F





M;I8?F%#FR\IV'@+2U@
%=^&%F]_]ZO[\M*['7H73^^5B$62&8@LK-$A0G;JR


CGV4H!5+DE(OS(J6I&%6O?7@



7T7)6E2VH?]
M)0;9Y$HHASFGKY($I

.=6Q
9=`3$


MG0^\#9






H2*Q
IL\.I`%5A'


:GYR7L
(64_R]O*).6J@%B6VD

.D\6LKT!M'-'5S!QAEQIIYA-P!`CR1?#:%YUVKEMV:VS($W3
M9I[#BM[@[)
PK8+D:C?7)'W%G=E'[_[P`UQ)W.U_$T3/(NY$_Q%%2ZH!6
MR7K&5=76*Z34/GC;



M0J(1)XZVWQE?_^1=*J^VJ87K4F8!?AV`[`OXYU?S*$[]O_.?'_WHTOL0C44Q



M%'K5

MY3^%A_F_D1^F_X*_OHS+\Y8THE%AAKR9;=

Y$



42#_]]$DJ=@9+S=.7X0-(.NQ
MM(4)X-4$V/:I6(UPG_T9P#&+
DRSL(5H=ID\_H


LUAT6)7
(7:0._=1'RFB_EB(6/+?Z[H
M!F8ZFBOM%!UY#%/I?#&

MW0_\[%



M[CH'H=KT:[8-B\_&J]E^F((8).DY_
H+EMD0L


M\0^0^N'CNRRU]FZOFXYHH89A[34!UCT6AT#:&N&J1G5;4?M=SF+&[SG5[Y


/0Z#&)%K4:^Z9]*/49#S
Z]Y;V[EFW\OG*+T&

VNQ2Z)H_JZ1-?8ZDJ@\[Z;F[')
MJIE$^X$UK6J!6YG=9JJ(=B2JEF.BD+5G3[:#&`YZ+R;1K:7(QE%#=O#!6R*O


M9E/HE&6&Z50Q;68854\Q;88KZ1IT.;37:3


\K@K^`9!-$B2WR^_Y7E74MK
MCJQ:?!H2Y:JN5?$XM43LTKN!\&=O-7T&\T3^-T^P;70-22;=.IPNOJJ<D





LKA*B
RIB8RC:
03=$EP

#T=AX'EI0]&9FKSZ40X'G(]!*T


8@?;%UIB%I5Z
M'WL4F
4'_;JK\]7?UW?/KR_/HT

TCF-FJA)L)=SZM=?N]



SJ23W*P3V`





49RO/9:]
QM:6MNI]6!)-'I`M4[


'3:0J<+P\/4X['0&Q61
U2H



O.MQNNG%NF
M@AG_LV$BAP)NZ2K'`DX/R3Y


(8T
MDCZ`$




0I%CYXF1:'HT?D;
S?TG7J\/AJ^TZ?RQ%(89T^[EC<\



MM31J#V%DU=QK_]F?@G:2`L`7R=;)HWD$$O)HM(M[^C86F\7N)BYW%]\:
M0S'%+7Y2BBFWJ$HIHAZ3THQ1=C;2]BK*^+&Y%XQ1Q;X?G+C'R5%K'O`2F:

?:*+





MR?\M\?\&ESE?B@_

09^'?F)YX;
M9E#_5SZ21XW%/)`W'J^J'T&&?_!0%X=M
H3J0]5F*2F9
%/QE2(_TUN9](

^`2YN:]V
M)!^];[9(/LV8[*=


M'T*Y\MW@-H2


@C1G_L%7

N_
[+O]+
W





0FGEHQP(C'





MZ+2%;C`=W*

10[;KC/1S
L?9)EJ3T@G[H]R[1.';KAR;ID*9OS?S^X8#@3<TE6.!;S'%59<KBA



2W;N+OCZVFZ]W0=^KQ


\`H

MBH!W$`&O9HN(MW]CH6G\7N(BY.W%M\903'&+GY1BBJ!W*(HIHMZ34DP1]O82
M]NJ*N#&Y5\R1!;Z?W/@'2*5%['M`BF:2%\WG40@_/O)^B
ZM+L)%#J#W0PZ_

1_0MI%?I_K_/Z1O62H4XLUI.P
M1)C4?Z:
\%;%XGZ6J((



M



MT:KVI/3


M

4J;'G@
M9#Q0&


*KJI



Y/!@\4)S^;W*'G2N-



D/


M_E/Q
C!N/
2+[




MJJD3FW5U@E??C?O2;/U2K47Z!7&!R
+NOUH(.167T!7Z%8R5!$81@IGXW7

DV


LP&R(DK&?9R+JA`AB4356%2-N4W%\

P\K2BJRD*F

8QN
`L``00E#@``!#D!``#M?6UWVSB2



MWU]=Q_OKP0K9?3$__V$CJ_O7N
HO7?/GQX?G[^Y?G\%S]8?CC[^/'TPW_?



MZEO_IG]W.9C\/AA




0MQTK5CEXT6?WB6

48Q8Y02+-;_#[!2S3(
M[/P0IK5W_-?^+;2?Z*S]&;;`Y
!0Y84_/LP<'+FGDA
M










2VEX&1\_D^*CK%MJT)^X
/Q(FBP'F((^SSU$?=^%X$;'3%)!2

&`)0
#9U:41D\J1CX


M04X#9H5Q\J]1!^^``!H6YIA
7D$T'B9-L)([SO/-M


MUXAXA!0+@0^!YJF81
/!!CVO;7^*-99V/)FN-F=2*LU=]29!T12\LR8:+#..
AY3<-2:R%O,TP.<G'Y4]A5JJJQG,(:




MME.QJUJ











M-+7+SG
EALD$J

MP5V59H9_A*HG5`O(%3Q-DC9):HZD3


XN2VAQ5:
M`LA=]6[+ZZ


2M\%6)2+;)Z4'Q`5K.
M7BH'4X[#7K
9`7O]NP_8VG)LOHV2N?L\)!E4M=K%`1!*:HBJSD5OLN+@0\$
M*E7UCC,0S&;=U;8K$CQ-+#L^K9)OA$`2BEP(JN9.M;)(6Q.[(LW97-?F
W+


V=Q+.P-]=%J7Y&_T5WK7\+YF
=YDF`0EDUY5.^+Y71X\
ML9(YYH[O&=P^$N@]3=+0,+P+&IJ=D[AONKZNQ-Q7%0*U2WZ-L.'(/WOK=?D


MZD5R#U:


M&I

K
@9WSFIILD(40=


M/##JRH3:52=4QHO!N%-IAY/9+G1D[CV1;@?@4HI1U598S=%Q*`IJ]:Z2[F=F


-6AU
MUB-U586:4HH#8XVE4729EG'7Y)B$-WF?Q6:3*K?1BH&CGBUP`

.69ID(1-6/#D


%KBH(?V:W*
ZO=
`BDFQYZ


M6UH1V[I\XH1:R;=G/5*%4]6$7

MPJN8945MRZ



GSG_/
$75O
%=+!/V*+1R/

)F!Q$F-9DZ:HJ^Z##ASTFC


MQ'L07Y`=E+J$9R\#9CN1ALGFB+U$7?V
VVXX6V^.KZ^JDZ3'S.])N=:KE#


M@X;+Z
%UEE::#\A/GY3


MK=:N_YK_Q7:1Z:_\&*-(N44:(VFUUQM-Q=#F\WB%XF%V631P+]^J+/K'D[%D
M`L8M?WUV?MJK%;0OG.PD.[L?ZZR2A8ZF$2B%B/=Q]5KLA6J2I;9
XY_C5$J?
M^@X?2G86/MZ?1[$5.);+?1Y]0[6L=81+(8Y[7.TV&JT2XBSR
]\;=S1KF0HH
M!-]++Q;&W;-D?]99P\.7KT)3-L.!QF8!_V%.?5BIE%MIG9^5G/9.7\@VYF
M;!5G+

V3CP1EZB0]!7#=M'W!2BIN05*6I+A?^50BBZ




M7`#4@E`M3VPTD7T/P'*HCRUY'=%1\D^D=%&+T'FX12$D@SH^HO%A





M*7ZE%%E747V]$==04OIJ#G=OO'TEBO


7^`!02GN.]?34:&A4R:;HY+SY
MPG!I_Y/HS#:T


%

MS#IH!K&\$41*R9Z34TPUF:504\NW:YW39BOV)[V;1%;$8/7%WKO-@
HTA:@I




M)N`:]_UJC0EA:XB=DO$EIRK5$5`%G_.=TMWF[?*]EBU6F

[9W$KS+;`\


LK

M:KE:5%E=#)HS6IB1_L
QFIQ_RW^:A4TNK;43I54#


MW^1-Q-0MMU$N

E7/V[
UPEH:CF/8._K)GZ8U9R(*G].SJ?![$EALF?[+\
&SFQ[/O6&4O),\VVZI(*GDUF8E$[B+=3WF:B
M'H6YN`(XL6-2K7.;DE^9U=?QEHW9+6X),7?*RTQ4I,#O2NC$SKVSG!*SF:M
4L/UIN7'**=?UG_'2&E5\ART@QFYY




\D@D7J#*`%*WH&:XG0

MS_W8?$+OF





XY;Y:CZ/&PO+8K'O&
S$B;^(

6V3[=.




MN?NN)(^`%[\%&.M=%U\+9MWF[,O\&\*Z5K](G:2G.DKE*5@]U4&(:^W0.5N
M1^U4,WH3;YF?G.MNH^AKAW$2\[Z%:JE;H#A$#`G


?L*0C206P5N`



MT`TWZKS4C1)#XQ0D%5O524&##M-@M7;]5\9W;9115;Z/^+KA2IV7NE*R0#E9
M265IZ22K0;^JWJ(N7M]ZW?KSDO]JG)XG(X_:G^9[8601`S^]8*_F)8+?+2
M#R/YDG[5Q%5-YRF7E6Y@J


?&E


M&G#0--Y

MPXB..BG#*7H;L9$S7HJD+^:E'$)^MR:I3)?FO#2:Y5V6:]0H
PN1D3
:BF0O
M

J



MK._9F_!8N+5R1XL%F/AH9J2V/CR6VT4S;.ENPW^;KJ
1M!
3[*_P$M$41G^)
MUA-
'R[F'X/DI(/]-=N???IX2J+6757_[_S6123^!$J)DDVN2^TRFRR-I59D

8OBP)NP


MJ#L4?E=2I9J75B$A/K#.?@ZL&MH@$8L7Z;IFR..P$4!*ZKB23O4U&4PYV12F
M3[^OR$+Y]0-^_
$*&?SC_P-02P

M'`!G:7
M
C`Q-#`U













5_J2PWW



M\Y]$
$Q@S\;Y9&4Z




M4B&@1CB_FEO\[2L+@


M=JJJ=![7LNDX`H'ZW/R/R3E;'5
KHL]DOF5O^9\L2'V/_!H2-SYWPMK\4HZE

MA/


M'?]'EEI*@KD6S7%EV9KS_0RQ-M'(X


MLR^
%=;5%FNCE;V-O&/)'%6F+45[3/(@@FA9RL80$W^=U5&Y*5DS^&Z=BJ-%
MJ=EJ8GLQLGMQ.6^&$+XJ?_HM#F&6O0BR


M=SZ3+K;4TVYMZ+$9`:WH\M]%D.8LC=XO@SSX%@?%(.36M5K8A_T$E2J8WG`(






JS^5]@[CK\Y:`U._[[

/


M`
*`@T+1ZXI=SD4:/M?LE:
[)LW;CHBW5D#/^-G9?7YZ=-\NP]=PP#WN#`+N
M25PZ&1`


2W*O8G_M#WZ.Z5VIY&0R[)::WH0H;34F@7N68@*$IGVQ^&3



Z4+V6SEX540*MW_-0Y(NVL'2J=







M]O
X&6Y(=+EVNX









^YJGYH^@B^!HB]


M!93MZ+'&94NNVP)1WB)IQ:&0\0EUC?@X2HXA$/-R2TYYQ)%-@;SG+
TMNJ

Q
1%$]RPOTHTW
MG+_%*0NB\+]L\)G;_TN29;UXF3UZR

H^HU%@R_LE46'TS\JW#ZKW^$:(.
A
M&IA

M;WV6RXVF9#MEC85L8)M#!28XW,1K!3J0A8HKGY/
MZLW
:*Z([8<4=[O\OF


M\.(QS//WQ7_^%K*4




:\0;3FTGH/N:`4*B8.&J&#LF(7S+'G3]REX2L?3N7G
%P1




N0J\!X?0=I)D]^O@IM=:<+5MNK9@*M3B_<WM2J/AZG

_K?UU3`'O+63Q@BS?AUE3P_?OW
W_5






[H/%.\I4TY
M;P08*)1



_N1EHL&O:X-C\SUO]UE+SR


#'
OS/3Y4*W
MBD54WYC+ZGU912I4O

ATVX+

_`8F$\^I

ML;A.^&RDPE\:Q0L9IXI5`K7,MVE=^CY.6++'DW'L#U42\F%;CZ#O@:X7%7



M$5'3B39*!1IO@OY`-#ZC&*VP2^.SQNY2P-P:BK9*31Z?40]96)ZK/`8MO@;]
M

8C%#W7?\P%

MV#74

_/WU[D(BY_`'(1F8&%6EMFR=;PE
@

IP?J6W/\3G.
M-IAM0]5F



M308]`6:R=:-&9I


M`84J*#A












M
]\7`]^S+$^+?E[N=&\F+T&8PG#HQH

T`#Z6J9I72%3DN#3P*




(*0.0B'?)I3U1B0D2E(T*A?3DD41@H3Y%K:@V\KRKN4V`!2'=B4




M\;F?L%@9ZO@R_!IWB6MH!@'LP48AB^N.OS$GR7M52.+\)WS&7U5?@8[!2B



M82V#C

M/AMHZVQ1[4%D
A%?G6*WZ6:*DX)+Y61UJQ2^$M*N!N


A76XL

MEK[R2Y#9\:@P\^\WE*E@_Q8($M-X52-X]

/J;T%N.N7?6_J4


M_PY&NB0#NA_`2Z;RV]A




67P;_S?X5
'#C:@Q<'
MCFB].'!$]L6!(\
7!X[VX


]KTIE

M.L5K-TE2B(2F/;OFJUVX466M_/U*LU;^?@6R49OII!J4KYL+(!0(=
G2\+4

)6CRU.CXOJ5Y*U(6+/4?L.GPK7SIG?%G)[_GX1T.2=0`(R90ORRT@


M8O-]$[/AD(%WRJ#*20/1O$/0`'%7IJUT92I#GK-X+])/;8\NBM@B^U-1HK

MB?M-;:7?A(8X9Z77S%1#%O7H7
T.=WQA\2@?]X:/X81MR+RV3=-.K4:]`78R

`J&9B%2S'DO@HN.:@H]W?X55`/&;\0


M(./;R76\S4


F:@(HW/I#QH_]B/4L9Z4%H7)SIZA
MSCS6L6^*A+I(3-P(D%ZS%NA;3SIUJ!1I%TM@W4.[+D;C]^37LQFX0F^16'9

MG#^P5Q8+U/JO()YJM76LI:)Y9S!1D`D(*O4MYF-EQ!2*76N[&O9H*+Y2[_S]

M5A


8I2K4NH:
M0[PM:+1V9A9HUSDF





MYW/)4`24M`)KD2D:02A=SD
U0`H3H77#V2N@ZX[2L
















K'L\1FE(*-V_+)6PF-@N=N

M7F^:L[PX[?S=^\?T[]X_MG;W_O&99..YTRP\.;#'PN7=\(?7X1L;P)FC4J-:
MWFE:@ICDF59J4LPT'+QZCR

M&H!E]*%F;5L0E?Q*76H3OU*+`.Y=


MZZ?A]E-_P]2$




]?(Q^L;WU2:`@DSD1ZUI





!8Q



12A^




MQ%XAA6

1LT2.S5_3NF@[UCHY^G

MT%Z@0ADVVT1$H9#/18#69X']IER][WQP9^/P99DX/'^_U*F/7UDT!-@]KX[
MQEH&'];5(][7%$.U1[+%3P8M\L+S#\VTN=N8J'5-P9AO?OC6)6*UU\T2`H'
M

J#IWU21.MA








M'AHD!3HV952?CR1J)$1-^*@^`&=CMW@@]I!XTU2F\QIPJMY4X3V613:)*%=
M%X*:W6B.MTU]1A\1.8_7Z/1E+]=_G11I/OYW$:0Y2P&:0@;]8\K&G0$8,AE_
M$_6+,UV5%4!P79B[SX?N5W/NI0*S[I%/D[2\+]









M&3#5;EMS/??/%N1E@7[E&7^K)\!
VVD4W]96'2J%$]R6R.K1=[R)^]/^BZ


MDFTAN7J#_]15:.$Z`:1TUB=;AE.L9R9:(9$;VHW1XO

2%4`&P&85SXIPC1_




0
K=&'Z[&`0J_Y_?69:'




)=VKOX6Y*;VK(1EF\C'FT@3%+:Z

M[



/(HQZ
M1/$W'[=\W
<]OM<U3N]7Q&KR;BO(MSEY8


M;7W*N2-02&+7YD]'O=#LX.Z./:L_A;D)K/[V=:G@CT%!3F'NYY7J1L$.87


M6DP&.WXWRC+YU

M[;4BH/E28-(51WU




EQ






M3X)KSJ
]3LZ=V4O.?6'Q*!^7D:5I4O3BO2\]
25O`$+MCL-V)DW+*='-F;7'




!2^Q`3_!8761%$=VGR&F:*37FE


ZA^0QYM*OD6I#GUW;TG0B?
MMU(L+N;;F.(RDWL+16T!%]T'X`VMHQ@W!U0N?.J9T]ELG-1
&]=K?Z6Y#;


@$[T6J


M]F''X^EFK+R8T)Q17X#;[19



M,/!2--:T!&YE@OX$QY!3&`:;P0AB%H'C]ZA-7P_<\B!#O
M.*+Z`)QD*EFJ6JFJK[BN`UJ;;(^\)QL:N1@'Z0AN@;](,CB?@;L*L5*?$(4@
MZ&R:6;'JN%#KA-9.W=\XJ5:`ULCV#MYA5MV@8]H-H7HH)K9JG)$<5
-M/;W



R5;&9(FU=11$4G:OP\CLX0V





54#\L63W&




#/`OC@+2J
M;P!T[\$LM(4LT!:AC'J'
@;:;TF?





=K8*K0MWS8H
MH5'8

MK\98IJ]$R2E/J&F5J[-$QP!49V`\-[/@:#TJZ?5(*?I1E\MDKJ2\7E%[,
M!*/YDGNCH$:^H+1PJSV'X!`IAI
J67%*FP(ED)YO&46VO/I09&/WY
-77[E
MUASSWW90LY^V/8A

BW=#DOXJ8M0^.#E!L

5Q'K
(BFR5=E6):AF:7:[,
MMF13CX6R%J/H;CV0K4^
EWCH\\KTCL`&U/B&VO%=JK4JV5^N7\_QG,%JI@
M9#:F5!T!8C)NLMHJV(D4`9=N

M[E+V&+QU^_UB4D2@[EX^9NE%



MT:9`Z5&!*@^UFKJBL)NJN'Q1N)*\.5)C.7?3`:.I#W@(^.&ID$

M#6GA'

P3D+=[KFF#CV&Q):;QN7^-UN%(BHX6:W$


MS/#/A0-*IH`1CH9?3U2I?34PZ2PBM]#5+3HR/5?0W.*0PR3-@H@]L'Z1



[O,\
M.NS;4B'2O^)&@(38XUK.S28?8DH=48B;VK6\SUL0MX4RN3Q@JQE4:31V-PZB
M,D6I<Q,KL&C

DGT^

CL
<[2?S9\UU^PM\9LDH#5[&83^(


M:@
XR

M0L-8M@`

CRMM!<7777%%\J5&
MH
]N
2JR'/!HV8CO!(0G$U)7ZE?
0F.D%(J3+2_

MS(/('D!L\K0K-2NAG1'




M6UOHM#_FO^U@XW?J]B`R^0!RJ55EZ`X%DL*-&Y8#*'87W.ND2#?C[T7
V@='


M'F=

$


M&W7QRA=[*5_U!Y?S$4Q%Y9P$FX%


IH
E$-S


MQKHL

M1)'UAF6\L&JX6-X5H-ZQA/?43B8;5RU\FEN%Q@A`RCF[&
/QGYOX.@C3WX.H
M8#-YLXSEV7T21==)^CU(!\8ZP'8

MAJ@7P$K8AS0TF=$JHE#'CX$AU3*I_'.WGQ=!=


M\NNWA#6&O=4#8-P!WQUA)I
Q(5


MZXTPC0GIMQ7P8[[?TBFI#/G\#MI*?%]M#
AVP
M&&


MW.M.6#R`DD]SKWF].:#;`;\882`3U@MU0#L%X87WM#SA(H4#W-58O]J8(VL1
M]FP-C&/DXVYK@':BP`?CJSU*Z4H3G]

MG_$_9N7_?67F&C'I'#2S^QZP^&U






M;-GJ$



(S6V#.](?5W+-ZI#^+@V3=.4PB$7&2[L&H(2#\G+3


SV2`
0--KW9/IAM2=
O9H

^CU01*BUH.SY6


M4-J4#W&MVZ!.$4J;[LFL^@2M=@)KKXI0VI0/9ZU;RG(12ION.2P+S+;WO+;3

UU@.D4-$'8R469L?K@4.J$YO.CC8\34E[O[!ZAK
)&
M:=D44.VRSWMBZ/-N(9\Q^_B#
YN4R[M\-(4+/K]8\;)@C\D#R_-IX1$4\*V^


?FIXPPFN%9MK1(U-(Q1EJ%VX=


\[HZM^EG`)%F286S^
=ABY1?-XM8/8Z#_(\P
5L

M!V

/3'_G4:IH[(G5HP5^6[
AM6
EY


M
UBDA%'U0RUE_AC2UNU'JDK!@!W`BNE+)MQM+?]R$_=3%F1.![C\JZ!+PD$`
MBW1Q--RUJMVKA.CV0=



N

M:ASYO

MQ1`)=UPG@-1M2-IU+49I*?F(
5(#A4USL\8_I$#SK]QO*::K?[8M+BHY9-07


&/S.FH*[J37
M&`JIJJCS]T5P^+(V2A)0U;MY(*T)\\VR=;2IN995TNJP/_'%A4.?+TYM

+%W-=%/%!75ZL;


IT*MUF%`D?!:W'*H^Q__+4

MS
-<I7WD

@X73H;*%Q_'


MKDC[XR!CV4
0


MDJ;P)M!UDJY[+!_F#
2QQWV;S\S'B=N]FK4S$
?*'5H5U#_.0%32G+U2`?4'


1


.1ICUO3'\9\1
X_S5U$SEID*T*(X'?$*GJLL#R=!OD08E#_\0*4[QSZ+






MA]!2.;




+T^
M[$N2Z4`)6@`&
D5;!DI'T'


G6[OQX&;R$H0I_(^[
M-'D-


M]XJ:``IJ:26

*%QD



J78*D
M+DOGHRR(](N1\/<@$IE2YWB).Q1X*(0H79(WNG&\Z#O\)X]#5\*ZOU;^)1
MR@:AMFXT1+$)!-LUBE33T<0@I7A#@AF;W]\F52C,9:0JW\CZ_$[ME\=TS

%R'


MJE0F=\ILMP


-N]@
M8!I


M]-Z-XZ2(^VR@C=_IFH*@9()Z.G6*@WI(B'O+



MDZA.O$CH4/D(C#5C
GL;8-%G%!$*51
NV*G;C2XZ^(11()Y3*^#JN51-6

1`*Q%-C#1IY<E1[AZ\A<CA^6@]9Z8G08`5VG-6.
`4K?<1U!#VPT^^7U<
4^#
M?O[(TDDX?2@:^:*8I!W@\5XRC%*YG%


-_$KEZZ4];^5\+5]3O_;_X/*YF`BV3RS'$/


MK-


MH9A
@C3\KSAZ


XH4ZP:]!'#)Y)I&BQ/M@.1(26]XZ





R]X7SU^


=E
QK%A)N.8
MR`T+-_%


M'9Q0JG.K9D+Y?JJZ2BC
G60H8N]JOV]Q/V*/R?-[=LY]2/V=^L+?@TADPH[5

#J[OVI3X

M!H91C!$$?`K;!\_DINOPN7=VB5R17LMXE5T]B4)V9MMRXG';(A#MZJT?%8
P



M.MT0.\Q7*05Q/$P^AG7.SX+I5ZR)/^7^
DXM)DTSLYEIOSQR0/HHMD\I*R
M


I%4J7TU(%D0(=;9K-YX51MTD


M+`I5B58G

P


AV]/Z9HLJDH5#G+V#FWG
7RNLE;W

2


7FW/5%-+#K9/S0Z80X]WL2GWLM/H
MA

_


MN)I6()YW5[R:2G'9\6VL#:3&K9B%H%^ZS$K]ED3E]2R+Y-1*BM;F#%WCBZ!#
M[SXOSLYU\H-5]=)`OMS*







FH%F



C3WBF+T#0(*-^NPA]5E-$1LHGX4WZ@-$)Q-J=F@;L=-G

^24


+'*))IBT*Y

MG?\-#93[X\L@7ZK?UQ`*R*WTB&)D`&23EXC!UAM.@@JN!VHAQ\@Q$!WM!K*
M?8B$:1`$LM_K`*KTIU;8`\_0&B#[K@UE!/L12(X@B26_Q@)5J4.@BB.Q^T^
MAU2*E&5T!ZV)D&`I$H$8)*4\QF-
6YN]<SW^'P$T
MFW;K^=#87#HK(%3;F#'%\'#37I.W@Z.O8ZCRWL(A75[
B
NAM`Z_G(%MHD


1L?ZOH^3U4S\IXCQ]GXH]^Q^;$L_^_/3M02+F\@<@&YE=@DAKVSS9
(SR`60N05
M@7$CJ4*7P`M*8:X:EE1
D]45\V/`K*JYX[
8D
R`Z3@.NRT'#!L&190[&3$=









MT:=Q-!7

M;O.


M6Y9JTA5L#


M9.JK
18QH[`
+]50DC7NVG
)H




M
#$T


Q'X:^?K,\G
MGQ`.W<CSP_M?/PVF0]O^])<___N__?(?K1::$+QT/;0W0NROUZC870?1C&Z




M9*
HYIT^\XYURKSSI\TG'

MO_%D_)S@T


M+=SJ'.
@B?
K+7:E=6)E?U9_RB[_??#D$&]&GS)X]N/\`=PT:DN`%SA
K+71
M:\
WWH_@.%H1%[_*SW]8C3R1A7(1T#)8;8C#UO?I)^1[66E_%[[WW]-D?^87

M1&MO'.N*M.O2UR*



*1/)T+9JPQ5*B=5+T

I2
Y5UC`[DG+MD#]PPA(B.WS$:;/'&$3.`2+`XWO]
M
D6K


M4CW!TB#:K_`P8M-D:-#B%6TT
'U^$;%9+=J;#U`QA6XW&A(Y:=1JI(TV^H;L






@^0



G['=4

;7B@IQRWE&U
MNJ3.$D&=PE*U;-J+
Z-.@7(X]+






MG%K?;:36-VZNJ_5(T5IC+?\6+X0/#N6EZ-Z]%8KZ
%H?GD\YA;^K2N'?$YJO


.1PE@Y

%



B


2LA[`D]
MNN^`%\L-UNN7Q
$_E9
R3U5)F556;/3LXZ/2
@FT3J3[8'.H-D(WFTN$G()X





M?7J5=Z5UHP1U5Q@1$U#Z1J(X_AX2[`3
D6R##C%09W):[)DJ+;:)93OUH(\0

AI

/L\W%\'4WN*QI=H<CN:LIT^V0:?:'!S
M@6Y'PZO!=&I?VD-^4?=LHS.HV$)G[Y&'E1]XU)%U_/.Y%3:




)4
\G6XVSJ'T
M;VMMYY@OQ*,+Z(%[7M7`(G=YXKVD9VJS6UE.1)T8\TL794H/()_;Y_5(;1





MKTB%EC&T87V5%X3RDECM-3'C2(X^U+1AP`X:/SFQNZ]R8NY[

A.5_B_R=




M(V4YM0



@]-@/=J(&[;'RCBXF?N39H4M8Q7V!
MTY]5K


MHK752+1..1F%M7


PFE='&*DN

M)57@=B






MF3
ZUQ$HJ#`P^\6*X`?J?_\1VZ$;+?`-3L;SF?
\2!+BWZT2=@+B++JAMK&A

M`HT;1M`

5UDB
!,(_C!'XW!GN0`0$_QA.O]
I@U$G6C


ULC)C?Y)5A$@*ZSUE$[Y%1M1P\8
GT`^#

#DQW1&NM5MW:=[D6[5G7+;'=O4ZZ_3##EJ;'9+I)JD7/;Z]0<77B`C29%*

K



RXKG9+D'G8/
7^W&?*


M02'B^'AZ6#\0+U%EWHXADNL=FN-Z83D40
@T8$H+9_)X#`%R5]=TFZB(UB$[




M?
J1(V1WIO@UX700\E
ZS
\GI!B)%$
YE%AA'ANLV.&8!(OG1H-+
Q&H4I

M5AL02

M=



9)='1L*:FTB6H&C
MIT2!S0E1NO$@IOP*#^])1%?KB`(86=TDMA!U[0=4!/V5@0?)Q(X-
;$E4I3@
MA/S.6\CH1OM3#$]ZFJV!8BJ1!=C)-TZ-I2T`)@%`ANI+@8`SRIKEU;&+CT

B/K

`8$9UW;H+`R0G.C84]+H+











LL+M2&FVJX7-*2@$J+0EK:ALG'8UK7N/$Z0
M#'.G'L
\D3@)Z#./V7C
`8Z_IW!C$[


/(26FK0K'X`YI2K`




1UMOY&!PHTY!N4=75:
OFRA`4KS=9A3O?D$R$!0T
M-Y(CZP3`P.HZ=NJT<D]C&KW2F&W;1=T*;QFG]2L41KT,/DBMML60;NGV!\+



VZ!:S`2B'-/JJXR/MQ
M%;PR


A3)QR)B
.LX!%ANW6S'
MCD
DM]UK(S\%#HS9IP[0V3V`SM8M8''%_








6GZ:RT8DR_`DIPF_R)Y#\$3PKJ7P(D-??.I@!EEHW


IM:D?9#_#'DO2YPO%,TB<3_FC


MQ9LQ15]N^


MJP=)F+NZTZ1$^;?$#8;/M%G/PCX=76V4WQG4+(.(LAH)OC*$$=L
&KD5

MB1YH].K/A'5DLI


09)!Y'3W$]R'/N8`QP8NJEL
M8N[LA5_!O=(W

S.580[IHQB:2_F]AY#5F)
C$#\@Q4%`W\01/AY)


ITD


M1DVCML6SY/1:/
TZL@&WB&[O3XMLI/MC6
_]L5W.N6ISF59R;@OB!9C9%V1=
M@'DMP#Q7P)R\




21CR72=;$E6D2



M1T3N2#D@D2-:AR/@GM&-9Q..W)O%=C!
H=?LFZN$KDI!AW2QC%MSL0`R57J?

_-G'BQJ0!
M
.&ZENUN@O

M?3^QL0Y#/K!:;(Y7LLO&M@Y5@
%57G6`3


MMCK9Q8F_\LK.!-4U^7J_X-PJHG]+TUDM
2O)R7R(LI..2UM)W3L#&
OU1;;^

M8\K9HEA+`;U3[J;+






MJG*^52ZJ;

J
MX.

M.P



MY'DJ`Q*2].^V=CNBH;P9N-)%;L87.9$K)1&+7

<GI(]K_7VHV):O'VVV8YM&WO`?X`


M
UE'
.!=T*W7.H)5Q[9T=


MZ8<22E=!537='81&'^DHZ+?F*#B$$BJYC.P!)'V7C#M*MBJF::S&PYQ&'W`






?(.9UQ=LE7J7O9!K
;WDZ

T)
M$:W(%5M:/699]@&'G-*%_
265?LS'^!*T$UBE^G(W\48^+:?AT@/06#UCP%
M-62L9DB4_J2$0W&DAT`'+]N)JL'7'%^NPPC08O+S^




C:?B!
1J^4AHMM[O8





IL0/BVE
1$`X-(L!I+9N

UB/TC[$3%4'2-M0X1<<

M//5-0



M@NT50.$^S\Z%G='



MHX#+&



@L


=`2




!

-7]EF\9J]4;=!\5EYCMP)DLF?&&?R2^0!

);DI]XVY]Y+2KU

M%/C!L_759P*0[;HEK%SHE!6T+OTW7IY+)@BM2/4^03+I$^-



XKRYJ\?GYX(0#ADS9H&S!34)7V'U%]0IRG6#WVT$NSB<@^MO8
M'V)!6W./^!&^Q8-(CF3Y+$=WB(J!%'P[X8RH2\=ODL-/R1
[[SY-?]U[
O3
M][*
Z<R':F&%%Y


H#CG#:BOV&G37T9\ZQ#




M:RA^'Y0AAT#FLEC32)X\R!?RQ%O8AD(78*1U%=N#@N#SZ;P
#$BFN6N(:2Z1

)F-XO`T/I8V+

I


U#




ZBE[:3;


MVW7*((]T+_1


MXBIX-K+










^[!5AKV!

M+61'.Q'?_X=PZ;Q*EXY]/`&DNVZ.8\


MMZX
'EGZZ@#&&C=2FVB
H6GL[\V




3.






7.M\L154.^)R8HLU%A`%$N6XANXM9



M!$L3)/$]

MHHUP./#DK/-I
+];


MWL




:DA6?&(T-;RIDCL-J$WB*2T)E4U/R#MKS,#V:G^Z
M`CAPW1XN`^N1/;X464A^?&**']]/ROK02GASZ]@*'7=(FY@:S:3Y:;8^4C1





K


T20'(-D(1.EC'50`K:T;PAJHE#L7.TYL'22U




MWR6J`9-SSG8GOO#0__3
VO_LQ$60+L!GZ^IV&AQ(!KO;B
%^I=%36+W'29O@





^DHKN
M-:*BU^QL%
X?$B]*JN8



]@T3H[5D

=

MU2UP)





M`Z2JKL_VK)V&C&=1Y)R_+B_E
E2WR-%@4F,
M#AH1HWODS-@'3XX070.`^-3UW2)2\I#^V\5'/7Y0\\7;;+GA0<$[@E\'2&)T
M8CX%2-JOKX5-R#!;X?9RQ3D@^%'$EV'8`<*VZS8X;@D@N=M(BVVZ&AX


^6N(_#E$^3T.19(-



M*]UI!)VS?\2)/RN#$-+1
C1421$A:88A?B.=SHDXHMA?GP#GBJY[J^O3KCQ=

MMN(V6]



$T+RZ
MTEM%242]F)Y3^=^K($W7$]_3&?5?O:?E1TOGHB#YV9&IJ/@:(BF($6W(3UGK
MGTG1ROZ



B(





ZX;[3*A$

M8\S]H0%9)T6M

M5?Z.$(H)TM4P
99C9#\Q@9GINFQFTFM2.'3G:P(X

MX_=%?S-SS&Z1=BQUE&B$_`NH\#)3AJ7?2OCY(UC?QP_I!X45(UV2C-]H+-





?_BOXF
MUR15!&4N$1^?D(#:+I2G*$`QNU4NMX[9.TCRMM.(O&T^


M45S*SS_BR[YH:QT*`'VJZ[=]*$R#^;G_ZL]I


MSR)8`0@D%=II@PJM%POZ\@S;[YF&3H78?3#B^8DYK$H?`IQXQ@$\*:Z!8X#
M.5TDF]HU%@K;`#3;BY/2_(1XB9+,U8DEIPO0K[H5+&V.V,K,H]_T=53Z5&Z
MBV1BNX:96%V0DDU
VH;\+EO9OJ^A*$9!A@



M@54F
U74;UE-DWL:T^B55M

QB9W+T7#Q-J.QJ%QPR=$0OM)T

Q8^6BV.





COB6Q`LA;6`0&PG[J6W04$D@'MF2_0M@L9J=/;
M%U];AP-`@NHZM@&'^J8+A;^TF?JC1\V3[$_]SV^W$[C.)R)3]EN[;]/TA^




6PCZ1@^X80F$A*L'@1L$)12,*'Q2K]=LF2XS


:V/FAAF
M'U&6XL[`Y88?3HCH+6I=^NEYYO='\;U#=%H?H%IUD[0(HZ*P=O6%@CZ29.T;
M(EEU`;8S`&;5=MVI(*ZH0L&`14JU/@:09&J_601IL_CQ8P00*7J.K8)A%T,
M!I),[1L*)RT7)+\;KZ/!=HT?11L*'Q2J8H6R^R/)$;[AHA1Y9=O3P(NO?P`




M@

&%20O.C`49%I+IIW3CNQ!E[6L0/PIKH-


^N



#L/MD3V]



/FZH8X5


AC_O
M!D?^J74@`(2[KEO+0*@


M
B*Z!D+RCT_(Y28*?)&OC.]@'\)%\L.+W*E5-P9X;UW[;6+ECS#BN4#9*37U

DL#@]TEAY`*Y+BCI%

3
M[_&S=?@`I*UNA[;AXP?/;(F?SE]IE/@Q^^OB;4V#N





?_Q*Y\]E6Y0)DMB=&(I[;BC=1]#(?IQBX3U/2-J7
M9)T)[TUX=R+ZVP;7!&!]==.T&:




M!G=B





MLR[ZMS$9E:Q6&49L;UL4/2CF=X@2+S
_C@D7_5N;/79A@+S0Y9RO-0\AFQ*\
MI75


EN)(L0]&+
M@@N+9/(-3?A%E[LHY`'*\]/W[S&=7P67?L!F67[_=Y;XKS+;3?7NN(.DFSN&
MZ.;F`N8E7+(+0#'Y0O+VI.A@'4L`
ZV;H54L704S]KKQ_`#31*[-W-7\&-[3
M.:4K_F\X`J(
5$@2NV
HG!LA:3Y/T83(
=)\D0=AX=S%.51798!R!`@^LF

H[

&.P
\Z[4-^XDCZV5DH`72[;@WK4+I=4YX0
MJ


MDO'==LEX0+#R^8AA*

NXVHHRQ


I.B
M.WE(V.+H17/[$Q3`8.MF:!%)[=[\<MM=.=%2?K'=/;7QH]]?G50E.6-X\V*
MSCME($+RVSU3_'9]R=0



-O5A





%DOD=&`K@
M+96C`A$N31``P:NKND589#D3KCE/$%]NDDU$O_F!O]JL[KQW$;QZOJ&/+VR[
M[RV2TLWH`
GU#@QQO8WERV&4)Y.0/8GL2M*^).M




_:;#

M
+IGO_'B;4V#F-[0


M3)8+;(BH1][Y`WK2(&MY%G
HU'H$L
6Z+5I$4?3L!?Z_1=361C$X=*?R^&
M8'['$




AU4[@!(3;1+[TX]A?^3.Y@YW]L8G'2








Y=!`;./2#Z&]YO?JPSX:+Y=8(?T*R+YL?Q
M\Z)_&SO.


*1SJ*_%;ZL%$J5B6\2[^T_K0-()W`!

M5M'?\#X$DF8;*[(=V6KH2*DK14$*3-P@11O`I(.D1SM&BV#7P\K6=[9AT0'H





DI=]I1NGO
6
U!I

9US*O^[
M@\3M(%T!'0NN@)H2UW83D-

MU[?N:^@`O@;=4O9)Y)V1EAVDNZ'3LKNA+.86]#@4C:WC!7`ZZ*H_`KQTD7Z'



MWIJ(YJ1H;QTT``NOJ_\H0(



MON)_K*S7?XIK:!S!!%$78#5UVWX^6*I/B[MO+8'`JOCE=\4A2LX-)!IK]8
MN(H52\DAM


`WI=O./F*;GY`KL(ET2/5
7NPXE.QX
LN%


*

`6!
M<DBX,1D`S*^N5!=6A%U'%21VS=)Y%8*5'%*<?)6?!_@7G7MMPR9;WX01G[R

*+]S!P
`KZEKMV4

M(*G+@4GJ4A-B&PGIUZ3XWCH4`I2U[K4$#2D(-&-.0^:T
I'J:S6;@)V+H0

)261?WIN?&5
MSZR;&B`G=5VZ96HD#3EH1$




'9JN.-I0

)!9WG9[UY\417

;.[4+'U(6&_DT:OE&P2
M7V2FL(X


G?D:%8W/J@8Y1UFA^0IXVODCJS688'G5%LR[6400P











8R13/+84*K<!I*5S!QL%<F/0[*?@X4^Q@!GK)O$*45`0E)&X]-
!&B1I/#8:0]P<.MEI5#'6=)N3_2S#AV`
M)]:-TITXEGDK[D'[SS:/#]LGF)__G[/DQ.NDWBZ8;Y%_6B2_^US/$P07+#

M8/6-SOT9.UD#:.+-V/_$
V\I


X`RNQ3C`X=


M3?#X


2'9*I!2Y*O(F$Z4Q


M

MF=DJ4^PS]$C2AF:]2+AV(?&@HC8%/H[PP@]L1;]=-$S



M^3C7I%/-=`LI+M1H5/2C@









M\]^=KT+B=JTCVUJ`U]45V;*1*UU`/22-VS
4PJO\\@^&=N7@SWNC);-+6X


`0H6-V0QXE')G;;T3*2J!=!//=:&2-#H)%-LXG`B+`
MXNH6/$X@(CG=OLED#@=:B5U)7]4'^%U=_VW:.DE='['UI_WQ\@+8IZW-`RF
MJW`C$E@JGY6A!\GM]@UQNPTD*_`BNA#1AR@-3DC:C7N;E


8Q3)8((GH@:$0




IAS9`$K`#8P2L+@(XE9#T
M2^L8`/A57;EN8@#)HP[
\JAU@337[*U)9@M-R*B81%&U'\.R$P$\Y2;\[2


)!T[M`<G=L<-V*\<2




MUI2G_)+*D[P;8!T8`VK:]Q-8#)UV$C\G7O6R2[04'E;1%7$`%PK[JJW40$
MDGL=-DN4BSC

M&8Z0_.W06-H&C+!U-Z_3]3H*W_P5^XC(X42FL6Q`4HQH'8P`XZO;SCH8I[/$
Q)$[FZD.<CQE<L$W6F=B
MHU4
91UH`$FL6^@X@89DCD?-BKHA=NI-T=9LY;
.
8!=UFUCT0\1
_U/XY@F
MQ7M;[4H?(1GF41L








M3Q)[#I1R&`/
L*Y0-^V.Y(7')E

PH
M%I



ER3@RE9&@H'82J




BJ(T1JI7CW

2`YV!Q$+
/NZ
6T@5FC\]&.X




M1;
AM2I8OXK4AYB[*X&5D3?CB'@QR@+3YW?_%W<;L?
M;CE_('?S\=4[STZ6/=0;^=#&^23D`*WROG@D7\2)2%L^)PM^)?]57,EG
MJ(ZW7&G/D1?P-MREEKQ0XBGXW7#@\U@;_L7ITIO]^87]U)'.
CN7]:1+T)P

3M\#\(GGN*9J_$J6&^2^.R%

M\5A&[@EAF+\+XR2BB1_)XU7&/O('Q?_A\&ZD`WE*=*-_0F!C72H=8W=)S&!:


]N`\E60
WZ3&-2?=-@SJ^3
M__7RYIHQ7II.B9+BNXA*.P


M_M(7=&Y-?&&=
TD48





MNNUX


M^P%1GDGDOJ$J4Z/V8H1'\V)`3B(='':(*W8*\`
_H==

M\ADU$#;??111B()9\J+HG9-*GL!QL2

MF\C/!O@B1@#R%Q$'N12TLWE*O)*`8?U('5;\#M%@^%
P?`!7F&=-/8`-==
M%

/
_&R]B

M72R]=EPL^^!NLUIYD3AT_I7#;NXEGI
H@_PCNG'L9/



MY.K1K?N9H(OUY?2







MV47IHP`8Y#+0K6













%?0Z`%F(






!#!KRO^.``SQI+[8U/D?@.L5)-D3EV:'4/$OFZ$(P$/EM0?-R+U
M7VGT%%;/-VF3O5!4MZZD?0Q!?+YNB]8Q=!ZNV


MUY7=)C*6;
SGKS1@Y\4EKS@Q7_F!SV=A3F[PU+%!7$JC[$D^-@45Y+K`(S
MHO4)VZJ*]C*TV-OJ0JCL8_\`/8:X;MT2;6*(G1LXK25B8SNE8
$RU6-33/7V
M[R]0D7XL8W[MVQTBA76EMFCW78&L97&L




)_Y5$_$SK
M[]X$\ACH\/K?=Z_0&-8M








';X+^32G`[OR)*KV$!%KLN.NS+C







?X([G7S&C^FXX

]!W(&ZQ;TR$P[[K
DMU7P5SX8?\/BV=;
M_N*#JL?(E;C\%QS1K3C%GNI[XK+ON9WW!.NG[C3R4[=]
6ZOER7[T(')'?))

M.ZRX(7]#9?F1@ENQ#VO(Y:H;_7A@G2Y2O$K&7NL^UJO:
97VM!V]'(X'R9@.


C&WL


G!&
/
MZP+M-7*!V@T[V05(9P)





M
&MY+-BL\L%SP@K1D`E8.QCG7W]1LZ^EJD)E,JT
M-+P\^6Z:B-<^NB$7H&[,OSNZL7[OFM^PD





MF\$VFO9:C*JOD@ZP_K=!(_^;&\P4?)W4;0YJ`+F^=.M]1HAB75T#)Q-UUH6E
M@[S2`')NZ6;ZC%C$.K
&C9Q9=AFDH\D$



\\=!\NEY=AQ+\L!3+6@31P[7Y;I1I
!%^I



MSN)2





D7J:B(`]G=JZPK1MKIZ+8#@=B'N+;Z$RSF-8EG=?5?4Z`C+
MXHY
L;AUI






L83NV!2AVTP^




MO**5

H)7A/V6''

?]\#ZD4!P]Y
O70=T:4H
MO)B$)
H'2^LN;@(_(1X?TP$P0L2W;KA/`$8L.3XV1HX?!H=5\Z`8[(04PQ'9

T

1@M/B=K^6C[@(0<!;K]K$]MTC;BRS0E8%9=




M/88W3

M\Z7;1RG`'`.V_#0H1=+)8H`6-TL8J

)6$8/BCX6P/AV$`:8=

-Y$
M=%?BWFX'2[5WC&6IJ2E9U0:3%.VM8Z
\DKT1@!YOS_[[
MU]OK\XO[A_](TS/:1PU$N^N*;Q$UF]7*B]ZSW%&/WMM9*))JTZ!.IO!N!TO&
M=TR1\34%R^$BV_

M:/R&LU!35







I1$6*3


M7OA!ON%P9IKH032GKFDW`8&E.7N-:$[$=94*A`!W3^#=AWVH0)RH;@
WH8*E
M17N-:-$][X-4P.3CY0Y7
0(1I[KR+6&DFCKK8;G3GEGN5!
$/JW8QP#$GNK*
M=1
#6/JT9Y@^W6E^=PC4'D2@Z@JVA(-LJU[D*
)35*U%#A8K5G*MA4$V'7X85X9F%<9(R\/91



[3ZV8[=K%8WK1G*&)T/S&+`J:^K`C)NY.T



MRM#9Q_*X?4
\KD%=%!#.'D'X
\A/_


MF!3EJNWFE`@Y4'0[?A)\8GTM_4:^%I

MZ$QH-H9H&+%1[(


6[BQ&LVV+01CQ^77S08.X.
M
B#/@JYN=Y&!=14
&KD*T&O2SH.??41`S+^N9NN(@/TM#0]Q`RSA/VB7\&\D
M-
(;ZC#)






M&F()[*$A`KNV9!F


M
J['DAJ+&$N
MX0BBNW5;N((CZ0S/O.59:'XIIK#T]]`*_0T+J129%7^3G[)O[<A&4*\MZY]
M5U4TRF$\Z\464H&F$I\)$5AP6LJ


M%^3JBGPAQ5K(





[^\1R^_I\Y]26JV#\^@HE]]'^G[%?







MD]*=_@3+Y$T



WWX;?GE0#XQR0C=]T(
MGIU`5)ZN5-
I773

V
M


R^XFY&&<
MWG(J;J&7FAS)DHD!#OGV[ICRJ3?7]LA9$-K&/!8`3`Q1=!PO/?LP-W?]E
MT!T(,[,/_N_#[(7.-TMZNSA[84JD\55PZ?D1OX_)/KMCBI4IFJ;!_X*_Z`S

MN)(O$F'Q8;


F\D+Y:ELV3

R]_F2YK
?

M'#

M3M95


M?`&3/=N/*
.G68VV'D#D$PA_A)-K`N!\`HQ\&3&\68E[J7'WV-@&U@3?T@_
ME!C`]ZCD:0?\X5\R;(Z*


M4)?6L'



_CEB^]P-%/W*W^LX`36]D6#+DD\=Y.]O&=LW4VG/FB




MXZV
J6X]KY31X\*Q3ZN0=THWC'O8
MP3JLN@?.(79(R#0Y,$AXI:,)+[E;AP7(W:(;;V]\W3&!9<`+?UX:+,!=[%

)HQ5VX$=M*I7[A+$`L/DD]S[(]VU]QC_=)







%^E4XT^2=G'%N1PT(WF)K:P

?
/B

MYY1


+Z%7H&

M9'YQB6
FR2LR9V]_G/@S\L*$6[X7A)X#*P_$]^N&VALE2CVV7]FQ]O3](@[7

MW

:46]YYT5)P([9_PRCY?R'

;[


$EZRG.LS)BRL]'L$^3]R'Z


.2V_T6

M+WY
?-:!K:5I8)'

KHIW7<9FY7JLA[T!EN$?F*CF;D0%RC$L
M'8)L+^!I<%N!1#9_=G[YY?\AIR)(TT$8#B_@&[2(X`AUH$P:.1`..1:?@!$

EPW/._*<H?X)(^OXSSR6?7HC8*L\3;Z3+X/;UR48+A(F;7$/0GPIDU`&


UE?NW*890BXY




#3AE
MRL7(`
!;\'VU;$.*1N1WWLP!2T-N$EW9;5H:ZQ@9-G*


C26
8O891\X;GQ10GX

6VZETI=4]Y(7`8CB



_
MG03Y29WI(5[P!/_\?
@4L:8S?^'ST'HF?W9B.\F'FV?U?SE1D2IO'GD_YN$/
M?G:6IW*&!`?R9P\AOY0.]?W/=3F
SIDBSL
50UGI&X;U00T;^:!JGL$``?+S


LQ0;6



MK^$4/*_M?1N(K*]LH_)^E_KSXGLZ6[*91IQ=N+J^!VFY!#H_RYR05PE=Q8]A
MROVDW'WPS
Z-3)6EF


_:H&Q;PO5

[(-0=6+(A?X
.E./#.M9Y

MX7/`@V2N@E)#EL(8ZUX:&;QW8T03*G17;.@O2?AE)1XA*I+F_$-6NJ8$S^F#

MUV8]2=:5R+XD[4QD;W*[($I_ZX@90WXCW3@N(`;K01JWD`QN?P1E
)'5[$CX

BUW


M;


M2U&$):['INJ`&U2&$F`O'D$X


MGU!4X.-S.OOY:WXULOI)PJ?IR31

R(]\R;\5XA

MRZO$2YZRR(%-(.1

M


A=IL/&.*C%:9W9]O&%+2K/+^P_

9?&#DVFD$].MZ:SN
/ZWR8M
M)#$[
`[QDZS

8'7E



8'KNJHL%

M5()A161QO/*6R[38IXB]\5=LRHW4=@Y

MIB+_:RD:D1X9


M2B;Q=)Y5CCO/BY+'C_P4]TC?DE/V$_\L0U@'Z^;H&'!S6-54'J#/GT#$(XCZ
M



L&1IK+%*BB8;V]Q(=R-6B`^B3O2!8]TS'













I'F]/Y9I9Y]?V8QY2+FZ&;




M&

D/X[&62*OOX]\4;O^7$YIG3B+WPI3CJ85T$/8.E
PXE/(@T




M$@VT]K$$.9ITP^R-I5M982UXYOO%
R^*WM/2@$Q%:U\67SMG[UU\$Q8?E`(&
MZV;J-7(S-0#
7F)FJ


(8K!.I5X+

MJ9Z!O%8HB.6=Q:&?;'4G17

MX
(R^1

-Z:K7TRKRVOH\`9
M2S:





&]U+)/;-Q7O



MEJ82ZLA@A_M`S!II:3UV0I_)WO(D_X?:W3YB())/-X]]Q&YOT$+R5KPXEP

RI+U'Y(/\GXX$*P]




_2[%IW^P0-:IK?6^S7]/@.7D12[T

_%E?\Z?QGL==\EK^`DW?A9CF7

M98F'^&
**?B&Z)4J3^`?;-BD3
2O6?)ZD!'/2B/)H744OOJQ$V?Y(41.ZW!T
MZF7!\M1#4SSU06??4)E]I3MKQ47D4[@]&

MT\59'JL`!:6SAX:&7%-IP26?C;_KQ4CV\01QU+K!W


M`;KQ]L86T^

YC&KWZ[#/ZS']'=;V'(=8U
#007=Q$
ML)QV+?H0V4E@1NE&TG[NU'480@2\;A&[`




MK4UHP%`1\_8R=?Q+EJ$=3,K0ZS_(V:')E$=)G@FL?PI#L0(#$O@6Y.*Z@:
M8=T!(U-QV/O





MFE
VF\Q\3RDL(*.93$!\I3^&C9%19M9(E;)%[J4B4G8CQ.NCE=*-C%-^X@?
M$KP3;S[WN5`GQ^D..%39D2#\-7+:B[QWYD/?I)7)_#9!






O70T#356J[



HELD3\E9*:FB.?V^Y




?KV06REM7`I4K&-C;


]!^
6@O?KV)\'




OW3UH(
PG(V!X.&<:UNX`0B!Z73=/^PC!DN$3

W^O)/17]?L
`BPS.6DA.WD#
M5/!=A<C=%1^L)$
.
_PQ$?XLLC`$@NPI(&2A/UZZL`J`?&7NGGVK\/-R;6+

M&.HJ
Y^Q0\$SC4]2?VSRXG%^.(QE[C7IV:*\!



XR'.:B.:$M2=9!\)[.#2!0:RH;A[^,R
MI)


E=
8)Y:4V4,3*PEH?RS04
`%;!H
M`$Z'T\WS)DY8A]X.2")83&`R96EAFS*+`*Q:[(Y1T;/(60`WM@#)O(0#*O

95


1

MR!I]`'SY

.N1F'
?J71])D.=W@
.EAZN-.('JXWA7SX[7DD./N8L
_)


M[Q!C%



NT4I!?M'%H

ME`1L/_;BKWF=1

9T[C

Y1;J8LG9KH'P7+2T#;R-

M^*+=:/M#:R/RGODNJCV&76QW''70.+9CG4HIO;LXEHY(ZOL`MQQ+JV6[4U

M]T#L96538_AS'FG!Y')NO)M(`#+$?=:+5M@(@'!]__'D3^ZHK?V_I7O*B]


M,U:AJ;IM_;M]&

M'



+@465@FNF^`B:XO5E$P6?0@






GO


<=4D32#Q#Y4]^0O_D!LNL.03F_&S5A@<W.7W;8G;?@V1&


M*6ATWO=-J4=X68C_WW-H-VJB)G4QM`8(6SZRWX`?=05L5$ZPN6=`:88Z3FP
MXIAH2EUBK6''EK'LU^#.7!(KO+C(*'(@K8B#L5$9NJBL+A/';%9N`R`\\^7
MZX))X)


MT7XM(7P;&9/\;G_^NN+9JVAXOB+JG?L'

M;!/=JN/AM2)[8

MK9#VN4-SZ

P*
'D6UK)AC4X/M=


TCT#10=E

M18
:LB.6PHD@^GGI5Z)%3.8?70J5T?!+1+W@$\-08WQD\.8V'Y!/+/:6`3CB


FH]=FDS
M8+*0Z/*H#)W)+$G!P0`


._HH-R9?6VO-L)2U

M#-^O!(R/B'KFSJH\


ML;*
/`5?$5[

M(FZ?EFOLS'PU\57ZR%;?-[
Y8VM@;_'Z
XN3$QLH6\)J5(-[\:%.%.YNR^=$


MF8D;U`7I$

`5



\RNX4(OR7MF0Q

#'7.G;^7%/#EB4?UQ8UWIGY
=N9
M'W('\@9V*6^S?0G?D+2/7Q
MKPOXSX5?6Q/`N(D@]PY`^1C=60)$+2
!6'












KP.'`8
EUS#17YFBLC358@--;^TNJ)T.;O[:AYO!




EKD;P:;G6@(I$UX4YR7K=]E)BL-;I0VD:)K?FETX#Y

58XF(#;Z3SB-/(E*TF^0I@8&OGX/5``T@:/?`
'4]Y8XA%#R^JW
7PPEUFG@
MS;P-[VFAZF[YWEO9ZQA*
&\9%

M6\BU'(BW%VPP_-'H;3&12Y87XV_XR6_&O.)J&WLSP0JNP[ETFO;``SH_&8%(

M_
5A1-*8C^][\D.60CRLZ5:9IHC/EM3WM\5FY@RA$\O8]#&RFBR(*9ZZ)!@Y




MCE1R@\S:R




Z_4'X#GA?5]RI)G!KGMGN4C5XXL'Z$`3IYP'X3EKR8



M[3FS

(J[+5'+BN


MSF$TY[LYW@B:

MXR7@+D



M^D!?5

M+==6#G7CA)1%H?;E?&UBM/6AKFXF3/EZB.^B_FVP*,U+N:3:8Q&JH/MJ6L

NZ)&])!_YXY\'


7C_R;9GFZW(YA4JH40?@;P:MYRQH36RT+N'7
M#UI;+ONZ%)=MZ_C5'GXAA-L3:.6(^0AB:9T#6^%:JG7I*_M45.LSJ=9GF5K/
M+XKE1)4JM8S@_^'B4\!Q!*QJM*/ZT\(LFNW.HO9)J&L3(:\#[`)S)O?K.^8+




WF@BDC?$F9#M
M@[Z*P;9.0@D_'X*!QRL*[:6`0KBQIW+)P346E9`.4U.CK1L:]/A[06Q-\N#


99W2I

9Q

M9$7%\5.F2



MF&!I$49I#P.=GD-+B(F2UH70#ACZMC1TOP$:NA(X1-WA=J_XK9U2H.?^:9T
M!R^MPZ1OHGYU\;0$$UNZMU\7W6NA./!LDY]^7=8A?1.;JPO%(D3E;NJSXL%
M`P^QC

MSBY?PV#YR*(US.03&LF6(^[7X)A_H`\*'/B8P'

8@3+X!:01D
M?.
0DB!`;@
O$&4(P]R[`4'\#G7&$:#BI2#`A#N/IN::F2?QWX9DS:`/DY
MT@W4G
W2B'^XR.U'`Y&M760[D(F_8RX2?XN.'46V.?35BU2:==GW]IGEOHE9

)DOHF)EF7

MNQ7=\4]+MGV!FNA:?70K_07D1OHF^?[\0U76=2/O_JS$\*U96G[-;TQSJB
M!O+$Q$9GBSDT@4V


MQ$TK?N#&DF]BUO2QKD&]GR-S6[IM4`/==E:/SEKL79OT)FI.%T%+4+#EZP9U

[HS^X*
ML%-6Y6.#N[

-2/%\))5`:;,=).QD&+KN_U@H:4O







MXO.WOH.P!2+2US1





\2^0_V
)G


M91E@?/'B&445T40AC+B%=,(2`&JX*+RW5+(*9JC':2

M`Z%GO#6O\


MSO*F*;)L'VGLQ0^;B-'Y7?`/&GD0[/?'85IQ^





RQ!LB)$E+DB6*I]


U\4:U_4!D+4
-B-BMJ2!\4&6IG[
MNZ+?G?QK?/8J9K^!&C4(I3(DU`9)Y:_Y#-F(/!9_Q[&Z#9[X;VQ^&QS$AR4]

M7062'0VR9$Y
6[@V4
O)LRQX

`GF


AC\2]1&!]D



J_5[S
PX6W/Z5GVF\


[CC'J:P$C&(D0?$O=

8.


M*P)3CU7\3'^;:X9$;&2XAEKOH`CTAP


M70*MX

MDNV%LBS261V99!H#:(@8C5XLCOKXW`&]8^*8=4FW@C=;QKE;EQ=P9!!?O(P
M$'1-C@L!%!?5CXEGU@51/8`7TF/?6+(*Y\)I#'V!5`2;YY@OZ;!G


`



KNT

P?$J?.:;[H1T/GQ0


M.HI@G.$3/F[S(M+I:?)
H_E.
%%^1#D(/EMJ^KH&+^&+]7HG_=N[*10GQ29)


81G9K@=@9D0,/X?*)#%'[%NJZASE06YQR7<?5XM?;




Q`*+MM3P^XX7\B3@8SWGY]YB'(J#P+&ETGLU4.EU#$#1

P$/+L*P:!.!G4!ZW5U\HKK_A$-8O`-
M!H`#@N5MG=<?M']QHMX!^


M`T6-7ROZLW




M_&9%HR6#)Q%=`L_AA0=A9VNBZ=5P6:!2#[.`4G#O.Z]-5/4K(AL@V`(131#5


M;'




M-]DP=`FY`!M;DT:_@9L(U6'TX?UHN*-?BGAI7[WT338.7235M[%%6NXLNN-7



M?@LB-@N7`=RW?J0O(C].$O

OJHKDP=!





'3@Z
MF(A^'3^.XMS6`MO*_Y0?:KU-)PAM8LR4S8N
S+B)YXN(5@1IVNO#K5/@!-
MU@1=L-6O20=T]C
^3O@.;.T$@QKL!







2=/O@M`

WHEI


*'^!+WI

M2G@C+$#X3E)XJ;A(D+\8HP/#J\DDN^`@WD[RU\M[7(4/$&4*#9/L&]I'N8D8

(SA\5YH&6O%O
C
W.S



M]4G6`


M\)M4%Y(](%


MR_



G%QS
MGAD07$4?13AO_I.&H88Y9C+NZ%A])7/

M?VRR$.GRK(S#SXL%FR59.FF^(P1GVZ)1;O[O5.1$_Q)&91DL6_/0N`;ST$5Z


MPIF'5`$$/)?D5J$3\

3.'B*PJ[@
=NS[ASC6QPD`6
7



MB\^`\@LOP#?1^1.Z.1)8WM.(Q+


HJJ.(7E;


M6XQ

#;Q!*VRBQI-JQ@?96J6.H.6^UBG+TV30AM_

7+@N
5YYLQ5Y9L+O6Z&%9FCA



M.?R*=\'1!@Y'Y#C'89A]D[JD@*G]:`SN0(%$*T@U(&MJ8D-U@%0&8^_\6%@
MC^%T&W_DW3YUK(E?3LUD+[&'BA$X4

^L%5$WKZD

CYE1Y@30K?E$KLU9.@\HS^9*T6A:!8**2_L


M6]ZQ6T



'OQ4(V-)VW?-HNVHA6TI@0:8W

MDS+XR8SK

M]/@*0#%P!0F^E,716N@L*5`KQN@0*N)(L=B8&N(`363J34).*[WQ3\FE2.


ML+E^/^C_!2[JL)W8+%
:_(Q%Y#P_A'


(AY4/PX02
;(G9ZSJ(V?/ZE.F9YY#P\@8%H^H`%CXX
MI&!

#.L7$].I2JV[IDUS`



ME;)/5%JJ[13I)

A1






M_\+W*M2'!D[@PY;W[=?`^U;O9M%-139!L`TB&RF$'8B);`:V?Z(A\)UTR#FN
M;Z*`=8FY!=;(KC?`!%L#Z__T^U_(&N)*'Y46(31,XT@G#[?;LI
WZFFYBP

Q
6V$AA1ISD
M9#9&+K\I4MDB;W'G(/QL&=A^#8%XZQJ$/
U8V
M87K+#'17*@TK61]D]_+7A*\:KR2R5/W#'O8^IR!80YY<G<+!@9'5@R3!2X
M#N37,P=M2?)^721YW1-/N=L(W!5FG#+@M8\U$VFN^QUU`GF\B#O5[_Q!;7
MEAOOU^#%?[0GARZF8S'8B?8=.O*8&&M]R!L6N2V#W6_`2?\L-A<3\_AXL`J



;%;\ON#AJ(W'(F$B9!







E.0

M_FP-5:C7/J!
A+@N

M[RR!Y
9GCKLJ?0AM(UMJ?%0#-5ZMB]E6FR4$?RBEMK):K0-H9.+)=3FY`B!;


P2^6A*4%;5B+&ZWZ0#2M+$WNM2K\ZD0I[N
MCY#'&RY/LR!&L4URS[N/V[S(/=W3Q.(_G*WP50G_&N_MTBSYC$1_H^](+D
M5H8JN`M^X8TE<!4O<V$Y&=;UG]40R+4=H8HLPY`T^^FF&F]^'Y2^``(Q5DL

V)T!UXQ?XY+
M4,(;<V5





G\G16BS7(G3*:I

EW=3!5



M3
73(3$J'


MH)XR$W0H^




M#
-=.X'E+


M\!5^AC^PE;)
-S1^?&8W#!8S

]%GW$`.]9I%DR4N*S/7



MFS6?
'..WU4894RM_R)SYTL6YJ/MFFH?B)1V]*.\(Y-=H))]T8S16'F*@A
`


*F^#Q`S[Y%N!\\]G)?W$
[:
M
=M^JXDG?AI3'31&GH&S+@LTQH4@O6?=P9/[[!GM\1RMGYS46)E1?KI]3WDD


(Y^X\;G3NSWK
*Q].ACCH$3\!1A



M`OC.3/+7$Q1E


USO3#:FE5+



\]9S[*]%O[9(G=C

M(TAU*X6&)28'*%.B[&WZ\(I_)T:I2SO\.7/R(S29GNIS&A9N;5UXT\@#WX
M4:.59QF`_`?71$PF*ZY\



MPKL'292'5V0=







M:IQEQP1/M`AB=K[7+EH$G7

MU2+





WSM7
MOAA0-VT#5



M(6KWCY;O.-%4BOV]-MJY`



6

MPM-83DOM4CC7

SZQO+E9:X=/@DP%
M*&B7`B0NR3;(1G)1&9.EF7]I1'.


Z.@K.QF2T.W4DR`8#%
3F[@0O!$JPB\MAW;3COCIIF0
M'\K5[I*@QG-5PD=D3$(Q[4K


M99IA




9W!/Q_DT6RJ#F1I

1YKJ9SXMA
P43P'%B#CFL!DQ^H

@Z);







@
MP










M!#%&$L=

M*]KFK.S




*ZH=_K
AA\9#5MTJM\:43*5-GP)_V*#U&
M9













G*]503H]IT+/VIRF=W_P[=_EY'_?4]0W]=C+SQ
MW8I'07+N?_]9I^$-7^/L'U;_?HFX[-G\6AQ0W.-O&



9KX?L)N^;_J3.:U@=P`(2L(Q%Q$?*T

42VPAY5_
(*L'V[!QJV


YQ-FI^0$.X-RX9=U[H-N#+-T:[/P^&2.A]
F&3IKZS#

EGGL0OZ/F%/Y
YDWNE&V=
N*!6G'W*BN8,V$UN;U=<+J
9`D+H&:



MCA0I@+L

MTC
OC83;=^115DAE+^=F


1P&






M0ITG69XMGC*[#SY-TG3-)N?L]1@20:_]K+YVM&'9;'9.&D+!$Q=L5ABJ+DCE

MOM6429D\3

%

MIZ
=0E$68R[*U;


\U



WB\?+CY\Z+WV/MYU_MY<?UX

9^
L\1@?42X6JXX29Z.*+U89\4EN2::D,_







\;N=$*A^D


MH1

V&\E/++
O64#IKEJJ.;CB+H:Y-C'!#E


MU6C!OO(:C14=9LKCJ)!BPYV0YS0R*#*^]*4K^*=7;`\/V]NOL`9D'O(\PT


BMTG
/N^+=/@:9`R^K




M5+^@\ZU;N



MC*8$:6:!=(/Q#F^R2CYTSO]OG*3PX%
L@<(0;$TXL/6)PS8H4O(N)NVH8Z!F


M049-F?
.:T!9NP2UM\A9/!4*EYIL6`KLW(-Q`
M%BP*=4Q)QSV=4'KP9@/<HG6(*:P=[?!3*^/Y'U`TWYHD`I%51G.M!`.XD`(
M1#B0]%98$`IP%#;0-@30X^9X'F2O4-W'_^?ROT7X'D1@_J'$4#7TZ812JU8-




ML-ZW+87JOL(V^.*^E
M=H9H-;T6E7(X53/0)CINT\X'EG#LEDU-I*SKE;\2Q
M(74Y+OLQ?8NR)DK&
`5S/!U1NM-LP!D3\TR*FT*Y_`8EVN[JLJ2*N=YP\SY-
MWD-H1_O(TDD8S_:D
%'UO
9.P==-VJ&0DEJ\FYO!IM!98I

M!%&Y;2`M-?E`#HBT\2_E@7QWU8&ED!]NA9-''D
Y:^N:OK1BBF8ZBD
AM)_J


M&N#S)?O5=0DX8PI-
`4'22A_J6.&@21+L5)(4K8CK1Z#5NOK^B/




M1B=A%&7_&:3:3#E+,AOM'?U\D++SH/HR#+R@1IF66Z8'D01MG_^`JWP-D$



W-N36!!NA#%CI.`Z'XEFX








Y



FZ&ET*PMQW)]9C?



G.]LFJ1R\-+AF%X_B\

MXC1\YU1_9X;B+!_(`77$D=O3/#.L1C@32*^%1^T(I
_ZN5?.VK
@8Z/S9`)'

5'OV[

V/]E\LL#R?0Z5$#
M8OG'?.$=\07WU*TN!:AF8KI]R;D]CV[?'?M56UJ:Q/P_A]-;EM
]PLP\-IWN


ML8T.-(V=3/!2J




M
P73U$-DAN*N?/;YR+^-`L@9@
A+9E0]98[
YKT$EOSXY9[;-V7
Y0_F54
M?SC$#(14#P`SQ4+25Y#35J277/98P[W-NLCUGZ65\=











MV+Q06)+;W9GU9_(6!6$^#+M@S:K/X6%$#B`)/01'S@2#)UAO+O'C`;)*`R
M,/XU9_0@C4+TCH(V:\!


ML

M_NV207?VHK3-?_8-(0S[=8.Y9\*.Q([!5\W`?,22U^QO6F&M=[!_GO[G)+6
M*C362'3OTQ`Z(IRQF)]XPY#_IP-A7I^48R,44-/QH)EXR]#7N]Y__R4V!Y=
M-_$S!5=A'





?
M*9_X
F+O
`I14R$=!(LC%!]L0%]))88..05!G7FWY\GD.8RK1^-P
3[5T*?=



MV33XHMBDH_DF@]6X$@OUS`]3[?=&O/;'VVB$S^QS98])N;B4+;:C'ZF^


MJR3J](LGX#P&%@2+1)1%248!%D(B:\D*H[1;#3:%;+)K=OI\`$ZTJNGQA*M;


M$-PGH!VO$1)3*65RF$33F

M*)



M!

M`'GW/#JZ;38PW/DQ%JR12'U/BG1?/3





V7%!!OUAGGX7KXWA^S)C)[G


M6JT&F6P8H%D;A@P0ZZ&JP4C.0-RBI-VV*VA]P5$#KMO]PG507T911.X%4Q
M;=?F9I
#90C9(P;


MP$/5B9-27RZE.IP4Y+

MZ]U1XV')A
*].M*NYPI4@H1LU8$SUU;U08RAV$(:M31UQN%!4L@CM')
MN6L8S8WQ43$MZN-$+*V@0?#./Y;=1T&LE3;

M7

Y^QZE\ZC
5#.M`5;'7?@EK

PTDQP=U_J/\6UDTII[I&4;GTB'!0D)_+
M_Q9\&[]E^6LRJNV0?%]?VB*1UQH

!_`2\JJ

2=
*Z:$?@/5H9L_*W\[+G4


M8YJS^(Q_]B\[L//A@(Z0V63'&]
`TAI\FK;2AH6\36L*/GX5QD$\#(-HWG/G
M@;TE*713FT#08[K)Z`3;V?Q/N_L[I*TN#

MBLDD2
._V6C.WNOX)4DGTW9`


UQ^Y$DHU_\

T%371.GEUJ7SU,RHC:'!C$`#0LE2
M&_YA\D2F].AVL-&K1GE]WG#&[SESC35G;21@(A3]L.$'1D-DN+OMVWG5!!*5

Y^RQ^#NPJ
BV_^P)EU
M'F174?+K-S8:0ZN!7C(

I;G\&+(K-;R

03*9!@!T
3@@[]IN@;[^$-:WN&L([[/&8!:@O&4!Q#=A;=?Q6U&/




M1JOC.#:?=QLJ.M=79:)%Z^




M;T4%K$/C\+LT=_28(XNP\^R\X/L[4M2DNU+K=R-&`C9


O[?



D$LR!K*HQ_%6
ML=5C`(=O0I`^3TL1@H66%YTU@


DNEU`5R&[W1=B`0/M
/@W+-A;PY`GCIAH_1%$R
M+1L&:B;6+B*W)):IS=+C%V;/QZ#-3?!O])TO
BRY

?





M&:JF
R9$(0!%(=+KEE6G)`)D6LM4-010$`J5*4F-D;LU9+2

MR(KTDR_U+U1QY_J`I]VC'9*&V!J1Y;(F145+TNR.T2
2.]J-YNJ?8@1@(+F?
MU2F

K02APT
MTZ!#KSYI_;_H:L-X'KPD8&T6(8H'O?QYJ_$\EM&T*AAQZ]#J7R0Q/31B)




U=3]*5[UU^#%_A]B$$+![8I+Q)

QYSLDOKB4\`:


MYP5S]ZI\:`E']-FO%2)M-R&`ZICO6G)!+

S6










.O;YXK+P31_]/2_9

4!A
PP`SF5Q#26%+;)F7'D_ENR1GLZ8'92:V^N\

8(5


MMCC_&+O)1H*

R6
M:+LN:.9`*?C2CJ7.W:MD95WU(/R`8KT5@EZQY[0(TD].T`.][)G
`Q`(G:U*
M.DLDT`(NA9BX6SFTB^@(Y?!?03PEVN[^5?C!1F!BEQ352IYF)RS[(FCM3@



!M8V5-.0



(D
MH

72(\)!07YNPSA)P_QS
MM@=B2DJ%8S@FGZ7[JVNZ0=:#2\<!'D*RIJ*Y0NHTZA4O+3`N6.?#797U]7_

M6


2R


6'U'C)U3(V.G
M`E8O1_T6UI*


M([$$^E

MB:^1VUU9[OV
I$N

M%O-$VAS86**E
P&

M4S9_?++BTR!/AG\90L5

VK4W)=YN1XW%4G;X(#


V)T@:

MH5J&R0B($HH)M8
!!X*):+-W)&?5;Y65P.I_0BM8JF\E#(*AH*?2S$M2R]



M19$)7]V%RAQ



M/(_*Q=X'G_`__?2!#5GXIHLV6LT)=#NV9V*KWY@-WMUDJ.U
!=(6MIO*-
M9'F;&?6R10/$_LMCD@?1M`'+;,^YS/)PPI?&1C]CSA`Y1WOCE)4`%,4DFUL$
M$(^X3WHJOOGEA4[=;@WE2-D\NK=R3E6&P.+VJ_5)LS838;N[)9
L3E?9&#K




M5
V
0+L'IUL/%%]`PRJ]+8&8`3!2S&S4&6`5`%X!2$$4-\90CYZ+9H6H[1XU
M!\=Y1



APLTL=/E\C:638G%!ZB41(5D04J(Y%)$N;O4%1FK_W41!G




IRW=%J4TTXYN/Q']

M3\7?_LMMD/[%\OLT'++;
`XGQ:0-)59\CA.$TF

SCCL6$7U%*RWE_M60!5[
MO-ZAL050_K_?69:'\9@+0YB

YZ


+N6TS%;9U]YO+O
MZH-`04)Q`PVC





7[A=;Z0
MQ=J0BJ$800GD5F=KO&
O20UDE_P_\GR
AEXQ?\^'


#50@9

E`H;MT:\)/XF'OBVHOXJOL91G+
[Z1W83!
Q-RB?&-BW,1JQC(:0`M
MH2B^GB\*33#[#;H0\#AH?+BWOQ^XV#(XB`-$\0]).&8I[V]?:_FVG0I/^/L

U:?+TF*[0DB'PB(-4:Z6DO
MET0M2`IBV0H+]W8];GKA=T@.UVJ!P



/%9CH`1B*AJ+^NJ@W1-_MTO^6Q9U:[&5ZQ\D&

MJKIK!E+SZ:N`[1F+V4N85Y[]8W++5S+D$G'/Q6SV*NI%6HRKW^&B)79S`]0N
M.9+BQRE=DJ+C;TRVK!;NO%0]O^1X'`4!NEGV?BE&.9%JGZ,W7K.I[U=2H\W
MHOA@JP9J$BR]OX@4_].I^,=L#%_89@78W7'GM,Y:NG`[,^;?+0U(?E?LS0/
MPOCG@/_=OSAG

M$K_
\G#=Y;^RSWWQ,+G--.&#\1(.Z0QUJR1QY+-\8]4X7O/*F(UAXO%8#[


M.4UV.^1`EPPT/B$




M[I



T7\3L^*


M2WXZ-%RSZGZMLG^WX)?PQ@-UTW2-:!+;5(B
K`U/WD];G4VKVJ0SVC72O?


MSBLJSX!ZU6B/9NB`5K)KJLBYVNKGFV:I8(OK;T]X.;\ME[0,7GDAG-#KX
M`J?1`2$3TX:_\EW!'7V^^LEXX[S\Z

M61*%(VB'



V_

M`-9&**LAHMNZK*PM?ROB

%H*2D%-9\TEJ`&#)L
M5Y2O/9$Y=%=\47WQGJ5#_C_]EWKJ_X[E@R!2%EE@AL.Z9D=&!J+SP,#S%MA
MJVQH#U61EPL7GOLOSSRKV7]%T%&`@*I?[R&P]?+8/@ZQ0/;W\R
8&GXSK)K
M:%4P#;QJ-/25X&6]-Q!#/OE!TB[I+D;3K
#QVY?X=P%O91G`:K/X6%4(ID




PIR-_#;[FJ^I*I-98H!Q_S[#V8`S)!X*4*[;TDLPF!/H0
`-;L9%C-]@
M3A.WU5@4]+U6#EI

M?/YF/%#HLQPRA484W@78H\_\(TVR[#Y-7D(=KMHO^9HI/1IE1W&YN*XC[?95

M%&#IM)N[IW1SU:CKA8Y?5I(]NG;P9$$2#_)D^-=%^!Z.N$
_YQ2D

/X`BF]
MAFY'7G%%#@)VO3;QJ\KGOKNF%C**WR2_+

?T`<+=N/





K7MO$3`$*2CH&6*7)91J/^8I)

/J:=]%$B;3`3QTSA!3`+-IGLTSKXM(H[VA9RGP]_G149][JR


*H

M

M

\%KEDXW.B&C0


J2^78078+RNN/I^T




@S@+AE6Q0_FGJ&0QQ
(AG-=+R^=+
M+\H2O^G]9`ZR__(8?&A4;0

?MXTSM+GY
&KK8_9?3H
M*





;
MW#T8%UQN\SP-GXL<=KO'9'FS*]NOS+;V<XG*Q[UO2S((1*(Z343#S
%W2!9
M&^2HDCR(OKCF'[I+M8KWZ5($5IF=&7-;H=JM?A=(1!TXS!8MW=!-T:A$6_




.*+W5
M9



MG

]0F:]*?7E

M2&^Q!*.HT


MS*Y'EZSU!W`



TR3EU#3(:353P.A'CU!CP5VX$;HI.%P^^H&1=Y=?-85K!^Q7YN(?=?
M8.-D(V#N]6+'G?][^:^[6O.SX?Q`'P*!!`-6RL\O5\3H]I/1+2J2TY95MT'Z
MUV,_Y_EP(-2W/HOYRSE7J%XHTS&
=2.7\?235)]7K7R22`
@6B%`0^EYU2;

DBIC-&O@2@:(F9$U9Y#)LM%G47
M3!BJTE4TA*
X)13

7'ZP
``:%3


:&_Q@G[_\


M5PUF'^B]LS08LZOP`^)LBP/B@0T9_V=E)1ER#E@ZH4H..7'%QZ8ISFZW6G`F
MK.[N+JPQX/
6*:IJF-U.134V$3W6S(DJ
M7R#F;Q0B6A\*J$CNM'6:8XQ&*31:GJ]KYIV2V?0Z/A8)C#/6E#OWY]**`B


ZW26;^0*
M6!3
\IBD75T2RCT6#P(DA%*UF+C96X)&46I:\8ONUL[0C.A[!PQ#^N

M(HB:!!9/*(KI+!`$VP4G#:'9_%[LH_RT.E'S.!/E^P84E&?JCLXLYB[#P`
M@9#'H:2SXBPVAMJ'M1M.738^`H(^?@K6:'E+6?F*__M(6H'U(Z')1/*KKI

MT



M+I\8H!1B^BV*J

4EV_NK%1

MLKAM5^NT9J!TDO&`CV1F!
$4C/:H86]+XZ4OY?H1.SH=E0)TY0AK@YUFQ^`*
MU;Z#




[Z5H30HZ]ZE\2C^?O=*`D4C``
MA#Q3':WEXB?')DH.=N[BQ/SO;LN7BMBT\]Q;D?N^/%:6+;8T).CG3X^HG2

MH7BX$3
1XM^`)*0V?(IB0\'`R1:AX.PLB+AGQ@:OC`F3(O5K'_
@\47E9_+?
M8E)V[7T8*$K1O&H@'0C];(N
I)1WJX3TA

MP-

MRCV*OEHSIF%J
;0TZ78A/WWMVO
X
(37M=*II
M

+
0-@I!AC;
8RN8;A25)_).=;N5KAE




J7[\P9
D

MZ`9%UZ.1[*[O
J57/0P(+Q=4!4Y2%TW:ET^?=[7=OO)Q0NDY!0/RRZ54#954

LUJ6ER3-

M8U`TB]KB\+KJMD#-9BYL]T7JQ.?;@%XO+1
(V+3`2D00W8!`I&*36W6$^7SX


$!#R+E1DMQ$

%20KY-*)A[JE@NHQ=^2H


M
DZ#M]=P&$0(0T(ZCE/?Y\

M8\LV8\-_C)/W?PXA')U^3N%4?UA%4OWUT\^!9
F+'\#:-FI.AJN2]8:%/L+
MZC0NV);[\7S31C97$@^\D6/(8&5P^:Q.FPP81+54$!%*#R@)+UB)]0C)+$9
MML9#GZ]Z+RWH!GDI23P(#BY10$T14RJ4)((=SDEF\^&P7
%W66I&GRB[L=

I

@

.34
2:.[KFO`<(S-E
LU42`F*R



4AQ#
M@H^61'TZ







M0GQ`3LUCG`BB)@$/C]E'R6%%0)H@I5[8WC8(H[BZ^
FE:VS`I!+]AP%KW?
MQ06;L?
`AY8?P=2Z\\&+H7&

MVR-O=CTNQ/+&B2@^+Q9VRP$B;6$P#0#HPBDK;FMAB;82PI
M$D)WF]YED8;/


MA$?2C5`-;9&7@T^QW?L/6Y@N,L-YT4*#$?H7HNP$UHPU



?



M









H1FMM.?X*AT_IG9#&?%S7FW8(5G\Z


1


3^5L0;2\
$HNII_GUTB?8U4K&[=E7K








)Z827\=/54)
M;\Q9CQ9,U5AZNJE-=ZRR;.VP9)N.$='VW)9YH)<-I%`MU5$?=[5%30]7UJC
MN=1:S`@T()US7^:57)#ML=.\]^1`MJT2WL(V*/)._$JYQ`R%A9+.7R\3=%T`

?G!
M84
'N:03UF@55?2WB,,E.I;'ADXI/**4#30&J/ZW8-4(6&4^W]J-)`A8TK

M276\:HYL/$[+A--]FOR'#47C/)!;ORC@!.D0A6N9V^Q^@F;`MM7S;
DF1:J4
MU)TXJD9ZW*94(X$;I$-9KN7.ST:%8
&VO4RS)5L5J8B`.X%T\XYAR^L!^A.*








M69:


M;H=

M.R5M^RQS02Z;2*#;*J*GWZ_





M6&G2.@TIG%!?7);W=TB=DE=%#F;16@$A@#`FG6HR0$[HW/3#=Y/]`$'
;;M$




MVN

TIO):X%(QG
MGZ[B$2EE]9?+/2*D:#8\=)_Q/R+\$I\W*2%6'],T,7%$*&C8A=V&?\C(J'
M5CCK,4C2?L;_B'3@8ID+C3+^1V3##@Y$U&-1I6

MR+958
M#QO^8=$1IF:#6&?_CG2W
^*^W)_BB&?]CCRZL3]?]F)#+:LXQ=QG_

ULHCK=8CTA23&$A+]0#ZCP'E2

N(FT0AFK#;
MUGY@2S:+CM0-B8%LI


KQCZ\L3!]8!DYO^
YNV#N+LNMX



M`F7XJ:0G_(JSQZ3S2+N[%K+\^ZKX1\;AM^F
GS

)+#GP6XPM6A3JOI.
`#^FLJHX3BCRK!C



4#K_'/`AD4:YGQ1*($4#P(N

MHFS#(Y.HD9P%*1]DUS?)27=\WAV_V51.VB,5#@+84DX2;\
9%L%78*9JK7



M#N_K.*$(G&HP4]C#6^&GQZ^TP+80TJ%-3J*R^506]KA=`J;+^9`MA#2FE\


M8

.=HA$(US
MP1




MB1;DJ?=^)20VOI6H.P$'X.55F`V##B;/;ZRE`4ON3;-ZNHS0*WM$&8=H5J

G81J^
MP4HOTF(\*)ZS</3YP(:,_Z5IG8;A;(=T`YKSC6%\6!%B6[?F/:F/QX38AH^
M5W4!N\WT9C8+E-41.A#

M-.=4


S5:F1H)Z:_585-`OH^OH]R+LCBXU
I@+4
MG?7R]YIX^2(R5&IS[$9M-GMW?4&ALR(+8Y9E`S8&TEW'+TDZ*;^UR([WW_@4


M'+)XR`9\!(
.35=)

/SKQV7)Q%GZ8-J:_23(=*
$(

1-*?'4.P/?JXX?OQ(AC95B63:;UX%3C`1
A`*M






MS6O7BJG=WHM'U:)PH17I.


'P+WV#N/K/
M8`&$HJHZ0JV+CP30UDJ+N_L(?R;C(M7?-ZC_#!9`R'75$4HL+0)`A
Q^M])B
M9?*+;Z]`WW]I;?ZSV`!]*QU*:'$TB(`1$YTXJTN&M?.K^_P_4LB/1'DO#W




MZR$[YX;E1.^L2P?!XCIB7I]*S6LMO$JN3K9.KMP9V].'&*IO:05*\.NG_9.=
MCAC:IU)#6XZK$J'3KI1[7(5Q$`_#(%JJ8_G!DG$:O+V&PQY7$M\E'S0*F4Y\



M#QD;VV=;UED[TX7W$T0FK697QW$\I-JU6G-$86%HL)
P
]K@J\^+/5
&U5=E





M(\J7L;V1L1EGS%WSM%G%%DTU9G_5
*;2PPQ
.[Z35@&_+2&U#?79)(]!5E



MG?]WP;^T2`#6_[K*WIP%$6RW@U?&\BJ3\^DY!0@]$/+/6Y:_)J
:JEX\6H*%



MON]-8X]$WR?)NLUNDJLF`:2=CGWL(9L^
M(8A`(:JW6=8?^NR=KUOD#;9I-7HB0$PHJF'$I@8ROHJ?PB4%/]SWV2M&O+Q!
M,9D$:?BW^*NO&*KPPTU

.&#Q*/H3;=(M?_EK&[

&`G9*SA/D

(1

7C77E(NOGX'OV/Y0E1:.$.7Y@?Z$`H4V''7[0DJHD_]


=Z$P7
8A8A+.&X^


BND#=9




TKYG11;&+


M`7'%.Y4%R&Y?'&TBHP?N^H0LE11J15'P:U@.H1B:B%1BB9-CH7`?TJ=O?DJB
MD^MLU6:]!9=&`191KX-'Q1&OQ(S?/?*2\/=NSNZ+K5QQMD*]FUW\/I1^ED


!@'L
;.HUL\XQ!HKJ+GXYK-#

M2%\)5Y5L4+PCWJ:0^BR




MBN^AU_YXFQ+?0P+A+R0S&HOO8:-RE.;IV$T*KSMW[2H(T]^#J&#7

MRRR)5OYU]?Y.

M!H7TKV^A\'E51[/:Q5H7+\\WPR^:$6A`2#'L.&BM&0J*4#@LR$B(NWX&/^-A


M3R9\!:\LSCAEIN]94RG01=G^2S]^.MCS6H([6XPNQB0?P!&0+
:MDQ?A?J[B


LC






M^6R3IK3=:^_KKO
3'5'BEO\=R^_YOIT.IL]^G//?GG
&AVZ\K@TN$[A%X
BT


-Z911*N
-I#S)E_P
!5-*@V=322*

M!73^M


9\C52G\LJ2*0.S43![-$Z@;)V*!]`8$;WFXJ!W8]1A+%TE-R'ED
MA)@!,!*([VF9(#_1\#KWMRV

MLX\6O[/T.?&^M6Y*AH\];KY+?%
=H;-3TT3.
?
!?D(;
YYC2%TPH(&]E_#%
M]
5CDD;!VX6%Z5IS=#



.


8+

M=&*C\1AM=8IP)H*_)U!5$87YYZ;-%?$*@
:$HKJ;DZH-&2Q*JE.X^?AE=I(N

=RJ`^\3Y
A

G&7#U[(&E;9
MJ/Z

M
I1]\9)46$\

$H#*A
M


M;HO7XBF;-E^/=B#&OJM/&FPS_)Q^86'.K6

PD


M*.).H

M4X%=YVRB:RW3_`-`(0)II;8XWX)YL4JZ9N467TC0]D^L`FGR&L?!U'`Q*G44

M#9?!J7U*P-S#2$0+IX0=L4B5$[G6O=

M([3






MQBH.9+




MSM+GY%M]A)PY\AA6KQ8^X/(
R6+`9:M$ZCD`)Z'0=6.&:54)10X*#B51I?!O
MPE6^O^V9(AD-V`@98XV9I#]3U(3P=7M\JY7'8W)$O?!&J`$9H11'8Q;9NCD5




M
R!+MT/75-7


MF1YJ2$:A:JESNC1(\2P?#585OH%(1\(\AL&D0-%U'TJ$3(UW3+^V8*B22=





MA;VM#/KL-@[Z2$A5*=KIMZ+AF;'7B:H=9^0`Q%L9H-ES5*=3$6B6]-_Q][R`
MII_X!2OS

N;.0E?_+ZEN5
-*Q&!'@X*]IW7GV.*1U4^=_H:<W/=4<T.


SX
T_7Q)4GA`TT:C!+
`5D(1/C
.F:F-''V]D(H
U]N6



T/].FDMWF`]38;T66F


3GKQZ@?)3?'/5.3H*_GR


^,]XXHI/SFPWKD59'`J9.^L9'%KYQ'?%,\+^;
M^#(3<Z/MI)Y0-))3_G(PE.NP
XD_?MV

ME



MXN!.OP5T(Q0^1S'9D:8A25/OU[.EBD


*+7P1:-BE\(6Z)6A[!*+0V*?EB`2]
\A.'0!+E\X%




T(^0RCX%+H8A@

`!@)I58
66.QC:]!IR#8&V.UQ_U8SE#^Y8MD



M-IR2:XPA$43V]69C]:81^KLD'D)3Z@A07!7Y+
A?&^PY+N]3C7VV9U@)N4UY


M_)B0*6C'M\;ZL$R




M7'-L*$&A(LBG-)QZC!B@UHI+$9E

MG18RG`VP$XH)V/MH0JMT:+;2&O6N0Q%(#E-3859#S?T\'Q#J%0@`WOFFO2
M*C6ZG03RJ$O'.QZ#`$AN8]
_IM





QX3_&R?L_ATD1Y^GG=-G5'U977/WUT\^!9)F+'\#:-E3(KJM

M*5:6USC


$\AE



XD\\=EI#W:*^;)Z$X@8:D`(1@`&




M($S+=G3J0\#5]!SP'J$0H#FKUG7$

M2$=:
QJP==:;WE

Y7X/1`NN)V]I




44%XPS:1A.GX1A;Q$KA3



TI!E?.7)L/Q;OIG\*PGC_'?^\R)%-9.R









^M;#WZ8L#]-R0UJ_
S9W


M*6+T8:

K+4D

M\S)&HA78U'&9458K8^)A@(9`4`1/=Y6
*2%:]'QQU$%T\_+I
?SP(PCC[;)
M,I;UX\L/N+I6A-DK++?_




9'_LF+9
*/1C2J]:&`BH#R&3``4YXBQ4FA-J5%
M3OJ\C95



I2OY

MR]!6ZI1R).$,^*ZLHK*U88RF


UFXY?P:H13+<J&!M\X
$297&

MVM4'$F4_


$B=8N<W/%9:2E:VVWP$4Z*R;P3
M]'GPQO]%FT
SF0I0$PI_8CAD)L
:X+Z::G=`&3P&-D5KJ_RG(L_R(!YQ3EK@


]:M_YO+C+4RG[)<;`^I!L#CB


M+0-S&SGM\&
V4`'[$B6_?F.C

7K?R:K_V0



MWW_=YZ#C/$__/]02P,$%`````@`WCC1`(\8)ZJ*P``E?8!`!``'`!G:7
M
M
C`Q-#`U

B
M-]+_?E7W/^CQEVRJC%_6N]GLUCI7&(

$

MEN9%
#
@8

Z9N3WWZCOD%H-J*G_^QS:$S:E)*)\S*(.

ML1OJ
I8%GAZXYRX4P2\)AXM3UX?*^S9+\OOS:7%N)^*GT?.

M:1F5^OM3F9AF]5S_KZ*ZGG_\^/%4I*9B!+Z&)(%?6Y(FQV&QMIC\0$-V!#HF
M\


?['UOBZJ@\L4'P/
MFA7C/PS
A.8;[?I@8+6LAOB4&XQTBVDAY!R]$`P8W=#V@G#.&?PA.`@5!XQ
M():X&.UO/3+=W]W5^]^ZK8%UTQ$-@W=:'3O(5KOW/2@BS:L9D[YFJ4T=?\V





M&%80(8**T=&V.DK6''J`^-MZO[FLJ5RZIKX*XLZ$%`%:1!`S:MM^+!Q:?3&M




M&5^2
99^%_(FDKD!SM8Q

IU/*G[NC@3OV12/[4=VV@[D?
MN?ZX%WBN[;(P^6\N+MRLM!8^WA;NY.,$$**Y+Q(@D3\B;Y9?!Q
'R4F(_-


PMZ6ABHFC'J
KRF&1







X5WIF
ME]&0A6*%JQ%


8R5GL
M!5ZFW^\

;QAKT;%HPY

1\2


MSSR
^B-T1[35K8`/J



M#4-M\+[?-WC=6%`B0.MDHAKH5@#=2AT.%5.WS!DSRZ]W&]9A0%S`4!O$[PX+






M[:MNE-@/&\V%X(N\D=GX6OV%518I&;A4*!JQ\81=A


M0F*
=Z





M%#

-3!^HH`]L/P4X$X/L?8B@`STP/H5X









M



B






[_WL9B;('1]P5
#0?+*]N2
?
FB/\49
M*3`N3:#$Z8-&!M`5`#I389M1?`PH7HN:NG+#&X;3@8]G)!F
6VQAL[V?7`-X




5S

7`).R!B
5H#13&-?YI3#:.8]7].(WOL41KJ(


MMF6Y6[RKMF5V+*1\AMR\#[6(W

E^.(A@^P#RLC2F=`:'SB]K9.0A=
MRE@P+2QXRKPH3+[4


:LF.++@%0DI(;B?(.BF8#.F$&)='!0NPRFF8A<OY

M/X21&\VQ\`T/YK/+(VPG]Y

'VH6UJ#B!\`V`P&

M!)5J.[)5MM^#SOO=GIE3'6\EZ&%


%&.8M@*+Y$Q2S+GRA3@\M3.M]?[
M$2+HX_1*^9G0CJDH:EQEES&(0(37CA+R\<Y;1$)@;X#=O-29W0.,CZ%^1C
M6L&\]=+\7TU5L(^.F%(X.WA<A8G&`DN75D-'(-7P,5\DJC+L*_-$\V)R4B<3
M98B4!0!EO8-A;7?P/TS




M=Q@$;=RC.9*[%BPVZHJ]%-QGMSSB^VQ_!GYW]D[+8\&225.MELO2G-.4V0.:



M$V$5#/_`(L[0(S2-5?V&:]#B$Q68E3NY-&_-PUH1NRKGHRNM6_H


3


H_A$UE0;W^.W

?M/&/7

NI+^

M^-626
M\8'8P!^BH&7DYA=B0[>$/&8)_5)0*U^YKZ-IGY?V8\CR6#B^6



NEW5W@ZW;,D]$C2.4TRD0Z9SY/Z@YAPUH1F</^6V[$T$!C
M



X5$]0[&
3ORS-!7\




-H



MEJIKAS[VU;/WM/2.UV$LPYBMC@+=I



M31C=5



VS=:H_^#





UI7Z6RU7O@





]FI8%!


QSOLJ9GM
5]PBS%#WH)
MB0&;Q]EVUP11^R.Q`?_.MBK=@

M
3C*74L]8]OKQC4_$@-@BU-J24_L0$H

MAM#?
[A+^3NTWLR2I9;W?QVG7CC;QQD6H98FGN0*QKD';.C4A?6*?!_Z%;)


MI`9]6_A





77


SEI(D\%1'IQET)LR



:FK.#8@!K?R0518L/576I9?`HGW&^EU%8JQ^





&H]K2DZN()?08P=8:(X0;L!D85PUW'];;:


#$T



#$T




#$T

;!#D!``!02P4&``````8`!@`4`@``C@`&````
`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

144
100

404
900

785
700


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

042
200
        
        


        

069
800
        
        


        

004
800)
        
        


Forfeited
 expired
 or reclassified

500)
        
        


        

893
700
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Forfeited
 expired
 or reclassified
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

200
        
        


        

300
        
        


        

900)
        
        


Forfeited
 expired
 or reclassified

100)
        
        


        

500
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Forfeited
 expired
 or reclassified
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

287
800
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

445
500)
        
        


Forfeited
 expired
 or reclassified

500)
        
        


        

800
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Forfeited
 expired
 or reclassified
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 revenue or profit achievement stock award plan) for which the employer is contingently obligated to issue equity instruments or transfer assets to an employee who has not yet satisfied service or performance criteria necessary to gain title to proceeds from the sale of the award or underlying shares or units.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        

      














































Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax:
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

824.4

855.2

567.3


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

069.4

013.6
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 before tax:
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 before tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

016.6)


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 tax:
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax:
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

824.4

855.2

567.3


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

069.4

013.6
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax:
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax:
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Other comprehensive income (loss)
 net of tax
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Net of Tax
 for the period
 including portion attributable to redeemable interest. Includes deferred gains (losses) on qualifying hedges
 unrealized holding gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities
 minimum pension liability
 and cumulative translation adjustment.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 attributable to noncontrolling interests. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after reclassification adjustments
 of appreciation (loss) in value of unsold available-for-sale securities. Excludes amounts related to other than temporary impairment (OTTI) loss.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 after reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
              
 -Subparagraph (b
d)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 that has not been recognized in net periodic benefit (cost) credit.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before reclassification adjustments
 related to increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 before reclassification adjustments
 of unrealized holding gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (e
f)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      







          

        


        
        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        


        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Financial Instruments
 Risk Management Activities
 and Fair Values (Narrative) (Details)
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


 2014

          



 2013

          



 2014



          



 2014





          



 2014





          



 2014





          



 2014





          



 2014





          



 2014





          



 2014





          



 2014





          



 2014





          



 2014



          



 2013



          



 2012



          



 2014



          



 2013



          



 2014



          



 2014



          



 2014



          



 2014



          



 2014



          



 2014



          



 2014



          



 2014



          



 2013



          



 2014





          



 2014





          



 2014



          



 2014



          



 2013



          



 2014



          



 2014



          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Long-term debt
 fair value

188.6
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Long-term debt
 carrying value

674.1

369.4
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Derivative
 Notional Amount
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

222.9
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Maximum Length of Time
 Foreign Currency Cash Flow Hedge
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 when the entities to the transaction are consolidated
 combined
 or accounted for by the equity method in the reporting enterprise's financial statements. Includes the gain or loss on a derivative instrument or nonderivative financial instrument that may give rise to a foreign currency transaction gain or loss under FAS 52 and that have been designated and have qualified as hedging instruments for hedges of the foreign currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including capital lease obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 based on the gross fair value of the financial instrument
 the entity would incur if parties to the financial instruments that make up the concentration failed completely to perform according to the terms of the contracts and the collateral or other security
 if any
 for the amount due proved to be of no value to the entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the fair value amounts are the carrying value of the nonderivative hedging instrument
 including the adjustment for the foreign currency transaction gain (loss) on that instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including: (1) mortgages
 mortgage-backed and asset backed securities; (2) US government and agency obligations; (3) state and municipal government obligations; (4) other sovereign government debt; (5) corporate obligations; (6) corporate equities; (7) principal investments; (8) derivative contracts; and (9) physical commodities.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Excludes forecasted transactions related to payment of variable interest on existing financial instruments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 fair value hedge or hedge of net investment in foreign operations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 amortization
 and accretion recognized during an accounting period. As a noncash item
 the net amount is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 public relations
 and brand or product advertising.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if any
 over the period.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        

469.2)

801.5)


        
        
        


        

495.7)

809.3)



          

        
        


        
        
        


        

389.2)

625.1)


        
        
        


        

415.3)

643.6)



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 after tax
 included in accumulated other comprehensive income associated with a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan(s) because they have yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost. Gains and losses are due to changes in the value of either the benefit obligation or the plan assets resulting from experience different from that assumed or from a change in an actuarial assumption
 or the consequence of a decision to temporarily deviate from the substantive plan.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 prior service cost (credit)
 and transition assets (obligations)
 as well as minimum pension liability if still remaining
 included in accumulated other comprehensive income associated with a defined benefit pension or other postretirement plan(s) because they have yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified












          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

070.0

132.9


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the aggregate pension accumulated benefit obligation for pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets as of the measurement date of each statement of financial position presented.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the aggregate fair value of plan assets for pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets as of the measurement date of each statement of financial position presented.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the aggregate projected benefit obligation for pension plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets as of the measurement date of each statement of financial position presented.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

672
100

942
700

547
300


        

789
800

407
700

069
000


        

181
300)

534
600)

279
300)


        

600)

700)

300)


        

169
000

672
100

942
700


        

290
300

564
900

221
700


        

452
800

290
300

564
900


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the number of shares under options that were cancelled during the reporting period as a result of occurrence of a terminating event specified in contractual agreements pertaining to the stock option plan or that expired.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including both vested and non-vested options.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 30
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


 2014

          











 2014

          



 2013

          



 2012

          



 2014

          



 2012

          



 2014

          



 2014

          



 2014



          



 2014

          



 2014

          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Noncontrolling Interest Holders Capital Account
 General Mills Cereals
 LLC
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Preferred distributions
 variable rate
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Preferred distributions
 basis spread on variable rate
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 included in the consolidation of the parent entity
 to the noncontrolling and redeemable interest holders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 partners
 or other equity holders in one or more of the entities consolidated into the reporting entity's financial statements other than joint ventures
 limited partnerships
 operating partnerships or interests held by preferred unit holders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as LIBOR or the US Treasury rate and the maturity of the reference rate used
 such as three months or six months LIBOR.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) at the option of the holder of the noncontrolling interest
 or (3) upon occurrence of an event that is not solely within the control of the (parent) entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which is directly or indirectly attributable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (that is
 noncontrolling interest
 previously referred to as minority interest).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 partners or other equity holders in consolidated entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 expressed as a percentage.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 partners
 or other equity holders in one or more of the entities consolidated into the reporting entity's financial statements other than joint ventures
 limited partnerships
 operating partnerships or interests held by preferred unit holders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 purchase of additional shares or other increase in noncontrolling interest ownership.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) at the option of the holder of the noncontrolling interest
 or (3) upon occurrence of an event that is not solely within the control of the (parent) entity. The noncontrolling interest holder's ownership (or holders' ownership) is represented by an equity interest that does not conform to either common or preferred equity (noncontrolling) interests otherwise provided for in the taxonomy
 regardless of investee entity legal form.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
May 25
May 26
 1
 1
 1
 1
May 25
May 26
1
1
1
1
 as of May 25
 2014
million as of May 26
 2013
May 25
May 26
   Derivative receivables
May 25
May 26
Land
 buildings
 2
 2
 5
 5
      Total land
 buildings
 9
 8
 (5
 (5
 3
 3
May 25
May 26
 1
May 25
May 26
   Accrued interest
 1
 1
May 25
May 26
   Accrued compensation and benefits
 including
      obligations for underfunded other postretirement
 1
 1
 1
 1
Advertising and media expense (including
The components of interest
Expense (Income)
Interest
 net




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including descriptions and amounts
 related to the balance sheet
 income statement
 and/or cash flow statement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified











        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets and goodwill related to equity method investments
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 rather it is the initial cost adjusted for the entity's share of earnings and losses of the investee
 adjusted for any distributions (dividends) and other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses recognized.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
In Millions
 Except Per
 4
 4
 4
 4
 4
 4
 4
 4
 1
 1
 1
 1
 1
 1
 1
 1
Net earnings attributable
  to General Mills




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including revenues
 gross profit
 income (loss) before extraordinary items and cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Fair Value Assumptions Method Used

 which requires us to make predictive assumptions regarding future stock price volatility
 employee exercise behavior
 and dividend yield. We estimate our future stock price volatility using the historical volatility over the expected term of the option
 excluding time periods of volatility we believe a marketplace participant would exclude in estimating our stock price volatility. We also have considered
 but did not use
 implied volatility in our estimate
 because trading activity in options on our stock
 especially those with tenors of greater than 6 months
 is insufficient to provide a reliable measure of expected volatility.
Our expected term represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding based on historical data to estimate option exercises and employee terminations within the valuation model. Separate groups of employees have similar historical exercise behavior and therefore were aggregated into a single pool for valuation purposes. The weighted-average expected term for all employee groups is presented in the table above. The risk-free interest rate for periods during the expected term of the options is based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve in effect at the time of grant.
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Options
 Effect of One Percentage Point Increase on Grant Date Fair Value
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award Percent of Market Price
 Minimum
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation
 Allocation and Classification in Financial Statements [Abstract]
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Vesting Period
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Expiration Dating
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Vesting Period
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 which may be presented in a variety of ways (for example
 year
 month and year
 day
 month and year
 quarter of a year).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 while all other assumptions are held constant.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 shares of stock
 unit
 stock options or other equity instruments) with employees
 directors and certain consultants qualifying for treatment as employees.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 market condition or a performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 identification of the award pricing model or other valuation method used in calculating the weighted average fair values disclosed. The model is also used to calculate the compensation expense that is shown within the balance sheet
 income statement
 and cash flow. Examples of valuation techniques are lattice models (binomial model)
 closed-form models (Black-Scholes-Merton formula)
 and a Monte Carlo simulation technique. Fair value is the amount at which an asset or liability could be bought or incurred or sold or settled in a current transaction between willing parties
 that is
 other than in a forced or liquidation sale. May include disclosures about the assumptions underlying application of the method selected.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

181.4

051.2

816.5


        
        
        
        


        

655.0

534.9

210.5


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 income taxes
 extraordinary items
 and noncontrolling interest.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
(b)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


        
One
Percentage
Point
One
Percentage
Point
Effect on the other postretirement accumulated benefit obligation as of May 25
 2014


        
Defined Benefit
Other
Postretirement
Postemployment
 5
 4
 5
 5
 5
 4
 1
 1
 5
 5
 1
 1
Plan assets less than benefit
 obligation as of fiscal year end


        
Defined Benefit
Other Postretirement
Postemployment
 (1
 (1
 (1
 (1
Amounts recorded in
 accumulated other
 (1
 (1
 (1
 (1
809.3)


        
Defined Benefit
Other Postretirement
Postemployment
 1
 1
132.9


        
Defined Benefit
Postemployment
Amortization of prior service
 costs (credits)


        
Defined Benefit
Other
Postretirement
Postemployment
Benefit Plans


        
Defined Benefit
Other Postretirement
Postemployment
Benefit Plans


        
Defined Benefit
Other Postretirement
Postemployment
Expected long-term rate of
 return on plan assets


        
May 25
May 26
Total
Total
 1
 2
 1
 2
 1
 1
 1
 2
 2
 1
 5
 2
 1
 5
 United States and international equity securities
 mutual funds
 commingled funds
 privately held securities
 and private equity partnerships valued at unit values or net asset values provided by the investment managers
Various methods are used to determine fair values and may include the cost of the investment
 most recent financing
xpected cash flows. For some of these investments
 fixed income securities and bond futures generally valued at closing prices from national exchanges
 fixed income pricing models
commingled funds valued at unit values provided by the investment managers
commingled funds
 private securities
 and limited partnerships valued at unit values or net asset values provided by the investment managers
Global balanced fund of equity
 fixed income

 a stable stream of income for retirees and to fund postretirement medical benefits. Fair values are derived from unit values provided by the investment managers
 which are generally based on the fair value of the underlying investments and contract fair values from the providers.


        
Balance as of May 26
Net Purchases
 Sales
Issuances
 and
Net
Balance as of May 25
 1
Balance as of
May 27
Net Transfers
Net Purchases
 Sales
Issuances
 and
Net
Balance as of
May 26
Fair value activity of
Fair value activity of
 level 3 postretirement benefit plan assets


        
Defined Benefit
Other Postretirement
Benefit Plans


        
Defined
Benefit
Pension
Other
Postretirement
Benefit Plans
Medicare
Subsidy
Postemployment
Benefit
 1
596.6




        
          

        
          
            

 as of the balance sheet date
 for pension plans and/or other employee benefit plans
 because they have yet to be recognized as components of net periodic benefit cost.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including assumed discount rates
 amde rate increase in compensation increase.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including assumed discount rates
 rate increase in compensation increase
 and expected long-term rates of return on plan assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 showing separately
 if applicable
 the effects of the following: actual return on plan assets
 foreign currency exchange rate changes
 contributions by the employer
 contributions by plan participants
 benefits paid
 business combinations
 divestitures
 settlements
 and service cost
 interest cost
 contributions by plan participants
 actuarial gains and losses
 foreign currency exchange rate changes
 benefits paid
 plan amendments
 business combinations
 divestitures
 curtailments
 settlements
 and special and contractual termination benefits.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1)
 Significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the target allocation of plan assets
 the fair value of each major category of plan assets
 and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements fall.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the net gain (loss)
 net prior service cost or credit
 and net transition asset or obligation.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the ultimate trend rate(s) and when that rate is expected to be achieved.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 interest cost
 expected return on plan assets
 gain (loss)
 prior service cost or credit
 transition asset or obligation
 and gain (loss) recognized due to settlements or curtailments.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        

494.8

552.7

581.5


        

030.3

057.3

084.1


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

031.1
        
        


        

129.8

088.2
        


        

779.0

717.4
        


        
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

107.9

132.2

152.6



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 in the aggregate
 material in relation to the financial position or results of operations of an investor
 it may be necessary to present summarized information as to assets of the investee
 or group of investments for which combined disclosure is appropriate
 either by individual financial statement caption or in groups
 as appropriate. Such summarized financial information may
 at a minimum
 include income from continuing operations before income taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph 1
 2
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 allowances
 and discounts reported by an equity method investment of the entity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        

      


 2014

          



 2014



          



 2014



          



 2013

          



 2014



          



 2014


 2016 [Member]

          



 2014



          



 2014






 2014


 2016 [Member]

          



 2014


 2016 [Member]

          



 2013



          



 2013

          



 2014



          



 2014



          



 2014



          



 2012



          



        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Description of Variable Rate Basis
        
        
        
        
        

month
LIBOR
        

month
LIBOR
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Debt Instrument
 Basis Spread on Variable Rate
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


Interest Rate Cash Flow Hedge Gain (Loss) to be Reclassified During Next 12 Months
 Net
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

250.6
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000.6
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

000.0
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        


        

150.0
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 before taxes
 related to the increase (decrease) in fair value of interest rate derivatives designated as cash flow hedging instruments
 which was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income to the extent that the cash flow hedge was determined to be effective.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 such as LIBOR or the US Treasury rate and the maturity of the reference rate used
 such as three months or six months LIBOR.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities redeemable at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

In Millions
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Financial Instruments
 Risk Management Activities
 and Fair Values (Schedule of interest rate hedge in AOCI) (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified







        
        


        
        



          

        


        
        


        
        


Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
        



          

        


        
        


        
        


Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
        



          

        


        
        


        
        


Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
        



          

        


        
        


        
        


Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
        



          

        


        
        


        
        


Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
        



          

        


        
        


        
        


Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
        



          

        


        
        


        
        


Debt Instrument
 Interest Rate
 Stated Percentage
        




        
          

        
          
            

 before taxes
 related to the increase (decrease) in fair value of interest rate derivatives designated as cash flow hedging instruments
 which was recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income to the extent that the cash flow hedge was determined to be effective.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 under the debt agreement.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Restructuring
 Impairment
 and Other Exit Costs (Schedule of restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs) (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified

        

      














        
        
        
        


Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs
        
        
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Restructuring
 impairment
 and other exit costs
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 remediation costs
 and asset impairment loss during an accounting period. Generally
 these items are either unusual or infrequent
 but not both (in which case they would be extraordinary items).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
Our Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts of General Mills
 Inc. and all subsidiaries in which we 
 and redeemable interests' share of those transactions
2014
As part of a long-term plan to conform the fiscal year ends of all our operations
 we have changed the reporting period of certain countries within our International segment from an April fiscal year end to a May fiscal year end to match our fiscal calendar. Accordingly
 in the year of change
in fiscal 2013
 results of operations and
 therefore
 we did not restate prior period financia
 
 
 and India businesses 




        
          

        
          
            

 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

Financial Instruments
 Risk Management Activities
 and Fair Values (Schedule of interest rate derivatives) (Details) (USD $)
 unless otherwise specified












          

        
        


        
        
        


Derivative
 Notional Amount
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


Derivative
 Notional Amount
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E9C$S83
Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?.65F
5\V-&(V



M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E9C$S83,Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?.65F,5\V
M-&(V-S!E.#0Y-S0-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO968Q
M
V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


241!5$5$
M7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?14%2/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?0T]-/]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T]
241!
M5$5$7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%1513/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%15137U!A/]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T]
241!
M5$5$7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?5$]4/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H







&-E;%=O<FMS




O4VAE970Q
#I.86UE/@T*
M(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O4VAE
M970Q







M(#QX.DYA;64^1DE.04Y#24%

T0B5V]R:W-H965T
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@


M7TY/3D-/3E123TQ

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@
#I7;W)K<VAE9713;W5R8V4@2%)E9CTS1)7;W)K<VAE971S+U-H965T
3@N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7

O4VAE


#I.86UE/E)%5$E2


O4VAE970R
M



#I.86UE/@T*
M(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E='
O4VAE



M/E%505)415)
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$








O4VAE970S
M


O4VAE970S












T0B5V]R

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E
M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4F5T:7)E
M;65N=%]96YE9FET<U]A;F1?4&]S=&5M/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R


W+FAT;6PB


O





M:&5E='
O4VAE970T
#I.86UE/D)A<VES7V]F








M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^26YV97-T
M;65N='-?:6Y?2F]I;G1?5F5N='5R97-?



M965T-3
N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z


M(#QX.DYA;64^1V]O9'=I;&Q?86YD7T]T:&5R7TEN=&%N9VEB;&5S




M=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^1FEN86YC


&-E;%=O<FMS

M7TUA;C



M:6YA;F-I86Q?26YS=')U;65N='-?4FES:U]-86XT/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@





O4VAE970V



M;65N='-?4FES:U]-86XW/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U


M='























M

M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7





M87)E7U-C:&5D=6QE7V]F/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U


M='
O4VAE970X





T0B5V]R


&-E;%=O<FMS











M965T.#@N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z



M='
O4VAE970Y




O4VAE970Y
RYH



M968]

30\+W@Z3F%M93X-





M/'@Z3F%M93Y);F-O;65?5&%X97-?4V-H961U;&5?;V9?96%R;FD\+W@Z3F%M







M


96%S
M97-?3W1H97)?0V]M;6ET;65N='-?86YD7T
R/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z


BYH










M='
O4VAE970Q

M96=M96YT7TEN9F]R;6%T:6]N7U
R/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H


&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E



M;&5M96YT86Q?26YF;W)M871I;VY?4V-H960Q/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z














T0B5V]R:W-H965T





M8W-S(B\^#0H@(#QX.D%C=&EV95-H965T/C`\+W@Z06-T:79E4VAE970^#0H@



M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO968Q
V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&
X7SEE9C%?-C1B

O4VAE970P
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R





M;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]




3XQ
M
B!-;VYT:'






3
L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@
M(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`R
BP@
C`Q



]





T1T;W`^1&]C=6UE;G0@5'EP


T1T;W`^1&]C





]

]







T1T;W`^16YT:71Y(&-E;G1R86P@:6YD97@@
M:V5Y/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG
#`P
#`T






]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


T1T

#4M


]



M960@:7-S=65R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG665S



]



M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P





]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG





#(N



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C






SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*



C`Q

]

]
T1T



]




]
T1R93X-

]
T1N=6UP/C$Q+#4S.2XX

M
3$L






RPU-3(N



]



T1T;W`^4F5S

]
T1N=6UP/C



]
T1N






]






T1T;W`^
M16%R;FEN9W




]
T1N=6UP/C(L




]






]




]
T1N=6UP/C$L.#DR+C4\







]
T1N=6UP/C
W+C



]



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W





M;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E9C$S83
Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?.65F
5\V

T1#;VYT96YT+51Y

]
T13:&]W+FIS/B\J($1O






]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C4L(#(P

C`Q


]





]


]



M;&%T:6]N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q
2XS*3QS

]
T1N=6T^
M*#0R


M9VX]



]








T1T


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^











]




]
T1N

]

M='







M965T

M(G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@:'1T


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@

$513T%'/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@






]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L(#(P
3
\




]
T1P

]



M

M;7`^


]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]


]




M97!A:60@97AP96YS97

#DN




T1T;W`^5&]T86P@

]
T1N=6UP
M/C0L




]
T1N=6UP/C





]
M




T1T;W`^3W1H






]


M8FEL:71I97


M9VX]
T1T;W`^06-C;W5N='

]




]
T1N=6UP/C$L-#0S+C






M


]


N.3QS

]

]
T1N=6UP



]

2PS.#DN


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L



]
T1P

]



M



]
T1R93X-



]


#(N-CQS

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K(&EN('1R96%S=7)Y+!A=!C;W-T/]T9#X-B`@(`@

]
T1N=6T^*#



]
T1N=6T^*#$L
S0P+C

2PU.#4N


M;7`^-BPU


]





]
T1N




BPV

M
3-A
S$T7S1B83!?-&1C.%\Y968Q7S8T8C8W





]

T1)1#!%




]
T1R





]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+!P87(@=F%L=64\

]
M


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q

Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?.65F
M




M;&EO;G

]
T1T:#Y#;VUM;VX@





]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@-BPV
3(N
CQS

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@
2PS

RPR
3`N


3DQ+C

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$L
#$P+C@I/'-P

]
T1T

M/3-$=&]P/D)E9VEN;FEN9R!86QA;F-E+!S:&%R97
@870@36%Y+B`R.2P@
M
C`Q

]

]
T1N=6T^*#$P

]
M










]





M;G5M/B@X
#`N





]



M;'5E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S
3
I/'-P86X^


]
T1T97AT



]





]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C
T.2XU/'-P86X^


]
T1N=6UP/C
T



M9VX]



]






]




]


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]


3`X+C


3`X+C








M:7-I=&EO;G

]
T1T97AT




]









T1T;W`^1&ES




]


]
M



]



#$R

BXW/'-P86X^


2PW-#





]

#8N







]





T1T;W`^5&]T86P@8V]M

I(&%T=')I8G5T86)L92!T;R!R961E

]
T1T




]





]
T1N=6T^*#$L
3$Q+C$I







]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

M97

]
M





]




]


]



]





@

]
M





]



M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@X

]


]








]




]

M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Y


]


M





]




]


]




]





C8L(#(P
3

]
T1N=6T^*#


M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#4X-2XS*3QS


M

#$S

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

3$S+C@I



M



]


2PX
C0N-#QS

]
T1N=6UP





]






]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@






]


]




]
T1T97AT



]




]



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]


RXX

M




]



]



]
T1N=6T^*#DQ+C


]





]








M8W)E87-E*2!I;B!R961E;7!T:6]N('9A;'5E(&]F(')E9&5E;6%B;&4@:6YT

]





]

]



]
T1N=6UP/C$W+C8\






]



^#0H@(`@(`@


]




]
T1N=6UP/CDX-XQ/'-P86X^/]S

^

M=!-87DN(#(U+`R
#$T/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M




C


]
T1N=6T^



]



]



M



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\




M/D-/3E-/3$E$051%1!35$%414U%3E13($]&(%1/5$%,($5154E462!!3D0@
M4D5$145-04),12!)3E1%4D535`H4&%R96YT:&5T:6-A;'
I(A54T0@)D\
M8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G


]



]
T1T:#Y-87D@



241!5$5$(%-4051%345.5%
@
M3T8@5$]404P@15%52519($%.1!2141%14U!0DQ%($E.5$5215-4/]S=')O


]
T1R

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@





]

]
T1N=6UP/C$L

2PP




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V%S
M:!D:79I9&5N9'






T1T;W`^4W1O8VL@8V]M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C
N





^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E


$5&24%)/@T*

M



SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(U+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

C`Q


]


]
M





]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@











]

]
T1N=6T^*#@Y+C8I/'-P


]


M


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$P


]
T1R;SX-

M









M


]
M




\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

3


]
T1N=6UP



]
M


]
M

]
T1N=6T^*#
R+C(I





]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3W1H97(L(&YE=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S















]

]
T1N



2PP-3`N


]
T1N=6T^*#4T+CDI/'-P86X^


M
T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'
@9G)O;2!D:7-P;W-A;!O9B!L86YD+!B=6EL9&EN
M9W

]
T1N


]

]
T1N=6UP/C$R



]
T1R93X-

]
T1T




T1T;W`^3W1H97(L(&YE



]

]





]







2PV
M-S





]
M


M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U-#(N
RD\

M+#0U


M9VX]
T1T;W`^4')O8V5E9'



]
T1N=6UP/C
P



]



M9VX]







]





]

SDN



]
T1N=6T^*#8N-BD\

M


]
T1N=6T^*#$L.#(T+C$I/'-P86X^

2PQ-#`N
M





CDN



3@N


\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@








]
T1N=6UP/C8Q.2XV/'-P86X^













T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97

]



]
T1N=6T^*#8T+C




]
T1N=6T^*#



@:6X@





;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E9C$S83
Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?.65F
5\V-&(V-S!E.#0Y



]


T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]



]




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0D%325,@3T8@4%)%4T5.5$%4
M24].($%.1!214-



M86UI;'DZ5&EM97

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I

@3F5W

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[)SY05-)
M4R!/1B!04D5314Y4051)3TX@04Y$(%)%0TQ!4U-)1DE#051)3TY3/]F;VYT





3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB


T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

















'!T)SXF(S$V

T0G;6%R


@;VX@=&AE

@3F5W(%)O;6%N





C`Q

T0G9F]N


'!T



M-3(@=V5E:W



'!T.R!M87)G:6XM

@

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[9F]N

M;'DZ5&EM97




M




@=VET


3
@;6]N=&AS



@3F5W(%)O


T0G


3!P=#LG


@






#$S+#PO9F]N









3!P


3!P=#LG/B!C;VYS;VQI9&%T



M='
F4Z,3!P=#LG/B`\
M+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O

F4Z,3!P=#LG
M/B`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@3F5W





@4RY!+E




T0G9F]N


M;&4]

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97


M86UI;'DZ5&EM97







'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T

@3F5W




M960@9FEN86YC:6%L(&EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(&AA=F4@8F5E;B!M861E('1O(&-O


M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&

M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V5F
3-A
S$T7S1B83!?-&1C.%\Y
M968Q7S8T8C8W





24-)15





24-)15



T1T;W`^4U5-34%2


'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O





M=&%L:6
[;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z

\+V9O;G0^/&9O


M+6QE9G0Z

M=&5S(&]T:&5R('1H86X@9W)A:6X@83PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

@3F5W






M










'!T.R!M87)G:6XM

M

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97







'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


86YD
M+!=6EL9&EN9W

















M9VEN+6QE9G0Z





3)P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O




M













@86YD('!R;V9I='
@87)E(&1E




@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O












@





N($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S
M971S('1H870@87)E(&1E96UE9!T;R!H879E(&1E9FEN:71E/]F;VYT/CQF






M

'!T




'!T





[



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O


M86UI;'DZ5&EM97



T0G


[)SY/;&0@16P@4&%S;SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N










C`Q
M

M9'




M93HQ



'!T)SXF(S$V

T0G





@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O
























M97-T;65N='







M;&4]

@






@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M)SYE:6=H=&5D(&%V97)A9V4@8V]S=!O9B!C87!I=&%L(&]R/]F;VYT/CQF


3!P=#LG/B!S:6=N:3PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT







M92!F86ER('9A;'5E(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL







T0G9F]N








M;&4]









'!T.R!M

M;BUT;W`Z


'!T.V9O






M5&EM97







@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O




M;W!L86ET(%


M=&\@=7


3I4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[9F]N=US





3!P=#LG











M;VYS;VQI9&%T960@0F%L86YC92!3:#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F






3!P










M97

38P.SPO


M;BUB;W1T;VTZ






@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O















M;W)L9!A;F0@8GD@8VAA;FYE;X@5&AE(&%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F
M=6P@86-C;W5N='


M9B!A9V%I;G-T('1H92!A;&QO=V%N8V4@=VAE;B!W92!D965M('1H92!A;6]U
M;G0@:7




M:6
[;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z




3!P=#MM87)G:6XM

M:7-T:6YG(&-O;F1I=&EO;G


@9F]R(&%N=&EC:7!A



'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T

@3F5W




M;VTZ
'!T)SXF(S$V



'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL







M;W1T;VTZ









T0G9F]N

[;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
'!X



3!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F




@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S(&]F('1H97-E(&]P97)A=&EO
M;G


3!P


F4Z,3!P=#LG/B`H04]#22D\+V9O;G0^
M/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O



M;G

@;VX@:6YV97-T;65N='
@


@;VX@:6YS=')U;65N='
@9&5S

N(%1H97-E(&=A:6YS
M(&%N9!L;W-S97,@87)E(')E8V]R9&5D(&EN(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL




'!T.R!M87)G:6XM

@

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[9F]N















M96%S97




M93HQ

@870@=&AA







M
3!P=#LG/B!C;VUP96YS871I;VX@97AP96YS92!F;W(@9W)A;G1S(&]F(')E





M;&4]


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY



3!P=#LG/BD@97AP96YS97
\



M86UI;'DZ5&EM97









M97)A=&4@=F5S=&EN9R!O9B!A=V%R9'




M


N(%=E(&-O;G-I9&5R(&$@








M8F5N969I='
@;V8@=&%X(&1E9'5C=&EO;G
@:6X@97AC97-S(&]F(')E8V]G





M



3!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F




L

@=&\@9F]R;65R



M969I='





M







@:6X@=&AE('EE87(@:6X@=VAI8V@@=&AE(&-H86YG97
@

M;'DZ5&EM97










\+V9O;G0^/&9O


M+6QE9G0Z

M:6%L(%-T871E;65N='




L('9A;'5A=&EO;B!O9B!L





M86UI;'DZ5&EM97





M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E9C$S83,Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?.65F,5\V
M-&(V-S!E.#0Y-S0-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO968Q
M
V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&

O
M4VAE970Q
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]


]


]








3!P=#LG

M5&EM97





@3F5W(%)O



M86UI;'DZ5&EM97








M93HQ


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M





'!T

M9G0Z

Q-C`[
2P@
C`Q
BP@=V4@86-Q=6ER960@


'!T

SDN.!M:6QL:6]N+!I

M








M92!3:&5E='

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M







3!P=#LG
M/FAE('!R;R!F;W)M82!E9F9E8W1S(&]F('1H:7
@86-Q=6ES:71I;VX@=V5R

Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?.65F
M




CX\




]

M2$52($58250@0T]35%


T1T;W`^4D535%)50U154DE.1RP@24U004E2
M345.5P@04Y$($]42$52($58250@0T]35%,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M

3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H

M




M
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M

3!P=#LG/FUE970@;W5R



L(&EN


M;'DZ5&EM97



F4Z,3!P=#LG/BP\
M+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O





@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O

6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;BUT
M;W`Z




M93HQ

F4Z,3!P=#LG/F5C;W)D960@<F5S=')U8W1U<FEN9RP@
M:6UP86ER;65N=P@86YD(&]T:&5R(&5X:70@8V]S='


@87





P
#`P

W!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C



P
#`P



M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[)SX@

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(S`P
#`P









3(N(#PO9F]N






M93HQ

C(N-#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL





3!P=#MM87)G


@



M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#
Y



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z


M



#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
M


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
Y



P
#`P
#`[)SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P







'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F















#$R+!W93PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL


M





P
#`P
#`[
M;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
Y

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-'!X

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC

#`P


M9W
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M
M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

XV/]F

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
Y
7!X

M=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG/D-H87)G97





M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\+V9O




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4T

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q
#$N-CPO



F4Z
M,3!P=#LG/F9I<V-A;`R

@




M86YG97

M=&EO;G

M97




3
N


M.2!M:6QL:6]N(')E;&%T960@=&\@;W5R(%4N4RX@4F5T86EL('-E9VUE;G0L


M871E9!T;R!O=7(@26YT97)N871I;VYA;!S96=M96YT+!A;F0@)#DN,!M

F4Z,3!P=#LG/F9I<V-A;`R

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M:7-C86P@
C`Q


N(#PO9F]N=#X\+W`^/'`@





G!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T

@3F5W





@87





P
#`P


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HV


M0T]





M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S


W!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B


P
#`P




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

CDL(#(P
3$\


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3-P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P




M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

2!T

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG/B`X

T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M
#`P


P
#`P
#`[




M

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

M:6X@
C`Q




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].

P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#$N
D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




7!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`P+C$\

T0G=VED=&@Z(#8Q


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

M



M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%


C`Q


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W`M=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P
#`[)SX@

T0G


P
M
#`P


M:61T:#H@
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
M


M(S`P
#`P



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

C`Q
R!C:&%R


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H




7!X.R!T

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(T\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


7!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HV


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M


3U(Z

3
\

T0G=VED=&@Z(#8Q


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M



#`P

M

P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#(N-RD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$S


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

@


M)W=I9'1H.B`V

M;W`M=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M



M9'1H.B`V

M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#(Q-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P


P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

#LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-C%P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-BXT/]F;VYT

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q-W!X.R!B

M

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%

C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HV


P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#(R





M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M





M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
C(N-D\+V9O;G0^/]T




P
#`P


P
#`P

M

M


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%

T0G


P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%

M;&4]


P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N

M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$S

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M





3!P=#LG/B!R97-T

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97





M

M(&5X:70@8V]S='


M:71E;7


Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?
M.65F

T0G=&5X




M


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C4L(#(P
30\8G(^


M15-4345.5%
@24X@2D])3E0@5D5.5%5215



T1T;W`^24Y615-4345.
M5%
@24X@2D])3E0@5D5.5%5215

@


M;&4]




G!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O





'!T

@3F5W


3


3!P=#LG/F]U='-I9&4@








@3F5W(%)O;6%N



T0G




@:F]I;G0@=F5N='5R92!M86YU9F%C='5R97
3I4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P
M<'0[9F]N=US='EL93II=&%L:6
[)SY()B
R

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M





2X\+V9O


M;BUT;W`Z


3!P=#MM


M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(U

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



C4L(#(P
30\

3=P


#`P
#`P



C8L(#(P
3
\


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




P
#`P
#`[)SX@-3`W+C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


P
M
#`P







M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M9'1H.B`Q.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M



P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


P
#`P
#`[
M)SY!9V=R96=A=&4@861V86YC97
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S
M
S(N

T0G=VED=&@Z


M


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M+6)O='1O;3H@

M;BUT;W`Z(#!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
#L@=&5X

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@


#`P



M

T0G


P
#`P

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[




M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3
\+V9O

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-G!X



7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


#`P
M






P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M
3(N



7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%


#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@
3(N



M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC

#`P




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(#



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I






M.B
P
#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P
#`[)SY$:79I9&5N9'

'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Y

M




M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3=P


#`P
#MM:6XM





'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M

T1B;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P






#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C(Q

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



P
#`P



#`P

Q-C`[





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






P
#`P

M(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@










M


#`P
#`P



P
#`P
M



M;W`M=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P


M;&4]

M;&4]


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@0U!7(`@/]F;VYT

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

3`W+CD\+V9O



P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R

#`P
#MM:6XM


M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P



#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4V

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

M
#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U



M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`T
C`N-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


#`P

M
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U
7!X.R!B

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG
M/B`T

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P







P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@



P
#`P
M




#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R+#4U

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB
M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U
7!X.R!B;W)D97(M



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


T0G=VED

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

#
P+C

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





#`P

#L\
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U
7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q+#`X-XQ/]F;VYT

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(T
G!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H
M.C(T


P
#`P
#`[)SY%87)N

M;&4]

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3=P


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-G!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M




P
M
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(T


P
#`P

\+V9O;G0^


G!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U
'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M



P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R
#$N-CPO9F]N


#`P

M)SXF(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U
M

M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG/B`Q.#DN


#`P





M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


W!X

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[






M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

M-BP@
C`Q


P
#`P
M


P
M
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
2PP
S$N

M;&4]


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Y-S8N-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO


#`P





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
2PW-SDN
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT


#`P

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






M:#H@


M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,3$U+C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO


V$S
31?-&)A
%\T
M9&








]

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(U+`R




M3U1(15(@24Y404Y'24)
12!!4U-%5%


3!P=#MF;VYT






M1T]/1%=)3$P@04Y$($]42$52($E.5$%.1TE3$4@05-31513/]F;VYT/CPO









M


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

\+V9O;G0^

M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HV


M0T]

C4L(#(P
M



#`P
M


P
M
#`P





'!X

7!X


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-C-P


M:61T:#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#
P-W!X.R!B;W)D


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S`W

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D]T:&5R(&EN
6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`V

M;W`M=VED=&@Z

M
#`P


M;&4]



#`P


W!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I




M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P


P
#`P

G!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


M:#H@

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P


M
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN



M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P
#`[)SX@-C`R

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS


'!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-3EP
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%

M)W=I9'1H.B`R

M;W`M=VED=&@Z





P
#`P
#`[)SX@-3$P


7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


#`P
M


M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#




'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

\+V9O




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(P


#`P
#MM:6XM






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

#$U+C$\+V9O;G0^

M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C)P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I
M9'1H.C


P
#`P
#`[)SY4

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M



M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


P
#`P




#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3
L-C
W+C


M

T0G;6%R







'!T.SY-87D@



M93HQ
'!T.SXL(#(P

M

'!T.SXL(&%M;W)T




'!T.SXS



M;BUB;W1T;VTZ
'!T)SXF(S$V

T0G;6%R9VEN+71O

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

M;'DZ5&EM97






3


C`Q-#PO



3!P=#LG/F%R



3!P=#LG
M/F%S(&9O;&QO=W

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



G!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



P
#`P

M

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M






#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S



M97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3)P


P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY#;VYV96YI
M96YC92!3=&]R97
@86YD($9O;V1S97)V:6-E/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


M


#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ



#LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U
M+#$T


#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z



M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P


M.B`Q

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX

T0G1D].

P
#`P
#`[)SX@.3(Q+C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS



3U(Z



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P







M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

XX/]F;VYT/CPO

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Y-7!X.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Y


P
#`P
#`[)SY!8W%U:7-I
M=&EO;G



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I




7!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[





#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Y-7!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ





G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$R


T0G=VED


M;&4]


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU-W!X


P
#`P



M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C%P


#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


M
#`P






#`P


7!X.R!B;W)D97(M


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)B


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
G!X



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P
#`[)SX@-2PX
3
N
M

G!X.R!B;W)D



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$R




#`P

M)SXF(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X
'!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Y
C$N
M

G!X.R!B;W)D



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$R




#`P

M)SXF(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-G!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`X+#$X
M


3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[)SY!8W%U:7-I=&EO;G,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M




#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C@N
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
M,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z
M(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M

M.B
P
#`P


M0T]

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M:#H@
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[


M)W=I9'1H.B`U-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z
M(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P

M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V
'0M
M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,7!X
M.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


T0G



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ






M.B`Q

M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P



M;&4]


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z.#!P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ






M9'1H.B`Q

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Y-7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D)A;&%N8V4@87
@;V8@36%Y


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM


M

M

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z



#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ



#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@



M.B`Q

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI

6QE/3-$)W=I

M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P


M.B`Q

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[


M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Y-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P

T0G

P
#`P

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
3(N


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO



#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


#`P



P
#`P




#`P



M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^

M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M
'0M86QI9VXZ
M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,7!X.R<^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z.#!P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



M
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M9'1H.B`U-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M



#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R


T0G


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

M:61T:#H@

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
34N
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


#`P

M
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X
'!X.R!B

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@-#`N-3PO9F]N=#X\


G!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D)A;&%N8V4@87
@;V8@36%Y(#(U+`R,#$T/]F
#MB;W)D97(M8F]T


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
7!X



G!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%





P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

T0G=VED=&@Z
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P
M,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@
#L@




M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS




M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Y
C$N
3PO9F]N


M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M/B8C



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ





P
#`P
#`[

#`P
#`P.VUI


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


'!T.R!M87)G:6XM


G!T


3!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F

#$S+!A;F0@9&5T
M97)M:6YE9!T:&5R92!W87
@;F\@:6UP86ER;65N=!O9B!G;V]D=VEL;!F

@87





@




'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M




'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

M
3(L(#(P
3

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#(P



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!L



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P

M)B


P
#`P


M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[


P
#`P










3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SY86QA;F-E(&%S

C`Q

M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,RPR-#(N-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T



#`P




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-#DW+CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P








#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

M

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

T0G

P
M
#`P




M(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M
#`P


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


T0G=VED


#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D
M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M




M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M;&4]




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P








'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P



M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



C`Q
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

T0G=VED=&@Z

M:#H@





#`P
M



#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


M
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@-C


T0G


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO


#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@




P
#`P

M(S$V



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F
M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M/B8C


#`P

M)SXF(S$V


M:61T:#H@


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


#`P
M


T0G=VED=&@Z


P
#`P
M


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[



M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




#`P



P
#`P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


C8L(#(P
3


#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


M
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
RPS


M;W`M=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P


M

M


M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P





M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M9'1H.B`W.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
M,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@

M;&4]

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P







'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M/B8C

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


#`P
M





M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P





M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P

C`R


P
#`P

W!X.R!B

7!X.V)O


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M=&@Z



M;W`M=VED=&@Z


P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[
M)SX@



P
#`P
#`[




P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`V



31P

M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





3!P=#LG/D%S(&]F(&]U







3!P













V$S
31?-&)A
%\T
M9&

M.B\O+T
Z+V5F
3-A
S$T7S1B83!?-&1C.%\Y968Q7S8T8C8W







L(%))4TL@34%.
M04=%345.5!!0U1)5DE42453+!!3D0@1D%)4B!604Q515




M04P@24Y35%)5345.5%
L(%))4TL@34%.04=%345.5!!0U1)5DE42453+!!
M3D0@1D%)4B!604Q515


T1T;W`^1DE.04Y#24%
($E.4U1254U%3E13



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O








M14Y4($%#5$E6251)15



M/B8C





M='


#$T+!A;F0@36%Y
M(#(V+`R


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P-'!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E<CMB;W)D97(M
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,3,T<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

P
#`P
M

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


P
#`P
#`[


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




P
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED

#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E<CMB;W)D97(M
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,3(T<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

#L\

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S-'!X.R!B

7!X.V)O



P
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED

#L@8F]R9&5R+71O<US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



M



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%


P
#`P
#`[

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ






7!X


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

C`Q-#PO

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI


P
#`P
#`[







P
M
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R
M:6=H=#LG/C(P
3

T0G


M93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P,30\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@





M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

C`Q
SPO

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M
#`P


W!X.R!B

7!X.V)O


T0G=VED=&@Z



#$S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/]T




M

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


T0G=VED

T0G=VED

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z






#`P





M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D




#`P


M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



P
#`P

M(S$V



M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S


3U(Z


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q
S0N
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)


P
#`P
#`[)SX@

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3
T+C$\+V9O;G0^



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P

M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M/B8C


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I



M


P
#`P
M


P
M
#`P






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M




M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q+C@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


P
#`P
M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S


T0G


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T.7!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M




#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P

M;&4]




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ



3U(Z

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,3`T<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

T0G=VED=&@Z


P
#`P
#`[)SX@




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG


G!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q
M

M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C)P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I




#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z




P
#`P
#`[)SX@

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q-#`N-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
W!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)





P
#`P
#`[)SX@-2XV




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!

T0G=VED


3U(Z

T0G=VED
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
M,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M

P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT.7!X


P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\




@:6YC;'5D92`\+V9O;G0^



3!P=#LG/G)E86QI





@;V8@879A:6QA8FQE+69O

M;&4]


M8VEF:6


@


@3F5W(%)O;6%N




L(&%R
F4Z,3!P=#LG/B`\+V9O;G0^
M/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O


T0G9F]N



T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$Y.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL


#`P


M


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

\+V9O;G0^

7!X.R!B;W)D



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HU



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Y

M

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG





M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

#L@=&5X

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M('1O(#


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,XV/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/]T

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M;&]R.B
P
#`P


M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`W+C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R








'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

#`P
M


T0G=VED=&@Z







3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,S(V+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R

T0G9F]N

M;'DZ5&EM97


M('-E8W5R:71I97




3!P=#LG/B!M:6QL:6]N

C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT




C4L(#(P

T0G



M


38P





@





@3F5W(%)O


M;&4]











M07

L('=E(&%R92!E






M86UI;'DZ5&EM97





M













M;&4]







@:7




'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


M871E;65N='
@;V8@16%R;FEN9W

T0G
















M;VUI8R!E9F9E8W1S(&]F('1H92!D97)I=F%T:79E('=I=&AO=70@97AP97)I

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE


Q-C`[


@9F]R

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97





3!P=#LG/C(P
M





C!P


#`P

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0W(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M



P
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M;&EO;G


M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M
#`P



M

M


T0G










#`P


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

P
#`P


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU
M


P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#$R
BXU

#`P
#`P.VUI


M

M.B
P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@-3$N
CPO9F]N
'0M86QI9VXZ
M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-W!X.R<^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V





P
#`P
#`[
M;6EN+7=I9'1H.C


P
#`P
M





M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R

3-P


#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#$N-RD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#$W+C0I/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
V-G!X.R!B;W)D97(M




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;W-I=&EO;G

M=&4@:71E;7

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M=VED=&@Z


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q




'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I

#`P
#MM


#0N
BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^/'`@





G!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T

@3F5W





3!P=#LG/G1H92!N970@


3!P=#LG/B0\



'!T


@3F5W(%)O





M

@86YD



3!P=#LG
M/C$X



M;&4]

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O



3(@;6]N=&AS+CPO9F]N



'!T)SX\9F]N


M;BUT;W`Z



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M

'!O<V5D('1O



M97






@:6X@

L('1O(')E9'5C92!T:&4@=F]L

@9FQO871I



M;&4]




G!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O




M93HQ








M97











M(&-H86YG97




@86YD(&UA='5R
M:71I97


@;F5T(&EN=&5R97-T+B!4:&4@86UO=6YT(&]F(&AE




M
C`Q



3!P
M=#LG/B!A;F0@
C`Q









#`N





3
L('=E







M5&EM97






F4Z,3!P=#LG/G5N9&5R
M;'EI;F<@9&5B=!F;VQL;W=S.CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^/'`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;6%R

'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^/'`@








#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[)SXU+C(E(&YO=&5S(&1U92!-87)C:`Q-RP@
C`Q-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P




6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(W
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(W

M;&4]

P
#`P


34L(#(P

#`P
#`P.VUI


#`P
M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

RXQ-24@;F]T97
@9'5E

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/C
N-C4E


'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HY

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

C`T
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT

'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HY


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#(W

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/C0N

C`T
M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#DP


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(W
W!X


P
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M;VTZ





T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T)SXF(S$V

M;&4]







M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
39P


#`P
#MM:6XM


M

'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P




P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V
2`R-BP@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

@
M+2!N;W1I;VYA;!A;6]U;G0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C4P+C`\+V9O


P
#`P
#`[)R`O/CPO=&0^/'1D

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$X<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q



P
#`P



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`P+CD\+V9O

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)




M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q
G!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I
M9'1H.C(Q


P
#`P
#`[5$58

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B4\+V9O;G0^


#`P

Q


#`P

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-3=P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

M:61T:#H@


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

6QE/3-$)T9/
M3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[
M1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ.'!X


P
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

XP/]F;VYT



'!T)SX\






3!P=#LG

M
3)P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HQ
'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT




@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S('-U





3!P=#LG/F%L86YC92`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


F4Z,3!P=#LG/E,\
M+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O




#`P
#`P.VUI



M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY-87D@
C4L(#(P


#`P

Q




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV



M

#`P
#`P.VUI


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

#`P
#`P


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z


#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S





#`P




#`P

38P



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-C%P


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#MM:6XM




M
#`P


P
#`P




6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V-'!X

7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED



M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'






M;W(Z(S`P
#`P





3U(Z





M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV-'!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%

M='


7!X


M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E;G1E





#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%




#`P

Q
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[0T]
3U(Z



M;&4]



P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M/DYE=!!;6]U;G1S(&]F($QI86)I;&ET:65S(AB*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT

M97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%










M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


P
#`P

M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0@
3DN


T0G=VED=&@Z(#8T

#`P
#MM:6XM


P
#`P
#`[)SXD
#MT
M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H




7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SXD(#
N-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D





M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


P
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


P
#`P


M($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`P

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N

M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


P
#`P

M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P
6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`V

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO

M;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
M


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-C1P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#@N
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[
M1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[0T]


#`P


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`R+C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#$Y+C$I/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


P
#`P

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#8T

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M=VED=&@Z


M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/E1O=&%L/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^



#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG
M/B0@
S`N

#`P
#MM


P
#`P


XS/]F



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

T0G





3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M)SXD(#$X+CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-C1P

T0G=VED

M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B0@*#(S+C$I/]F;VYT/CPO



#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

#`P
#MM


P
#`P
#`[)SXD(@R,RXQ*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@






T0G






M
F4Z,3!P=#LG
M/F$\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@3F5W


M



M;&4]





M93HQ





T0G







3!P=#LG/D
\+V9O;G0^/&9O



3!P=#LG





M=F%L=64@;V8@;&EA8FEL:71I97

'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O







'!T.R!M

T1B

'!X.SX\='(^




T0G=VED

#`P
M



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO



#`P



P
#`P
M




#`P

38P



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-C1P


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#MM:6XM




M=VED=&@Z





6QE






#`P

M



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#MM


M;&4]

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M/B8C

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V-'!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0R(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@




7!X.W1E

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%


M



M86YC92!3:&5E=`H82D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T


M(S`P
#`P



P
#`P





#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY&:6YA;F-I86P@26YS=')U;65N='
\+V9O;G0^





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV-'!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY#87-H($-O;&QA=&5R86P@4F5C



M;W5N=`H8RD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-C1P


#`P
M


M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E



7!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

M='



M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z
M(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([)SY&:6YA
M;F-I86P@26YS=')U;65N=',\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W




#`P



P
#`P
#`[5$58


M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI



7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0@
3
N



M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SXD(T\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\

M(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0@
3



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SXD(@R,RXU*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M


M(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SXD(T\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

M



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,3`N,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@


#`P

M

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[0T]


#`P
#`P.VUI





#`P


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


P
#`P

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M


M;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,C(N-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@


#`P

M
T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`H,2XW*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T


#`P

T0G


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[0T]
3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[)SX@*#$N-RD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[0T]


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T




#`P








M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0@-#8N

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P

M(S`P
#`P



P
#`P




M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

T0G






T0G=VED=&@Z

M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B0@,2XW/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D



#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0@

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


P
#`P

3)P=#L@


3!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP
F4Z,3!P=#LG/F$\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y
M;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97

M





M86UI;'DZ5&EM97





3!P=#LG
M/E



M

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I

3!P=#LG/BD@3F5T(&9A:7(@=F%L
M=64@87





@3F5W(%)O;6%N



@3F5W


M



'!T



3!P=#LG/D
\+V9O;G0^



3!P





M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z


M92!#;VYS;VQI9&%T960@0F%L86YC92!3:&5E='

3)P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O






'!T)SXF
M(S$V


M;W1T;VTZ





3!P=#LG/BP@975R;RP@2F%P





M9V%I;G









G!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T

@3F5W



C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

@3F5W(%)O;6%N





@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M











3!P=#LG/B!I;CPO9F]N=#X\


6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;BUT;W`Z(#!P=#L@
M;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@
6QE

3!P

M:65S('1H870@87)E(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL


@3F5W


M86UI;'DZ5&EM97






X
S8T.S4P

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O


@;V8@36%Y(#(U+`R,#$T+!W92!H860@9&5F



'!X




3!P=#LG/B!T:&4@=F%L=64@;V8@=&AE(&%S





3!P=#LG/DEN($9E8G)U87)Y(#(P
3
L('1H92!696YE


@3F5W(%)O


T0G





M86UI;'DZ5&EM97



#LQ.2P@
C`Q-P@=&AE(%9E;F5Z=65L86X@9V]V97)N/]F





M97


M)B
X

@:6YD:6-A


F4Z,3!P=#LG/F]R('1H92!R96UI='1A;F-E(&]F(&1I=FED96YD<RX\+V9O
M;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M5&EM97



@=&AA;B!T:&]S92!A


3!P=#LG/F]T


3!P=#LG/DEN('1H92!F








@:6X\+V9O;G0^/&9O



M






@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET:65S










B!M87)K970N(#PO





30L(#PO





@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O










@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0G

@3F5W(%)O




3!P=#LG/BP@=&AE(&YE=!N;W1I;VYA;!A;6]U;G0@;V8@;W5R(&5Q





3!P



3!P=#LG






M


M93HQ



3!P


3!P=#LG/BP@

T0G;6%R9VEN








M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C
M96YT97([)SY-87D@
C4L(#(P
30\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q
'!X.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q
M

#L@8F]R9&5R+71O<US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M=&]P
6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z


#`P



'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V)O<F1E

#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(U-G!X.R!B;W)D97(M





P
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M;&EO;G


M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([
M)SY



#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z


#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M:61T:#H@















'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY
979E;`R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z

SPO9F]N=#X\

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q
'!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
'!X


M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0T

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X

7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED



T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#`P.VUI



#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



P
#`P
M


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W`M=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P


M;&4]


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

#`P
M



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R

#`P
#MM:6XM



M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



T0G

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-#9P


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z



#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ


P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q
'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q

M;&4]

P
#`P


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M0T]

M)W=I9'1H.B`R

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F
M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M


#`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#$R+C8I/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S


G!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


BXV*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT




M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/E1O=&%L(#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z

M.B`R

M=&@Z


M


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3`N-CPO9F]N

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C)P


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M0T]

M)W=I9'1H.B`R

M;W`M=VED=&@Z





P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3`N


M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



M:#H@
6QE




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-G!X.R!B;W)D



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q,'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

G!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



P
#`P

M(S$V



M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C)P







#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H

M=&@Z

#`P
#MM



T0G


#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL


M.B
P
#`P





M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q
'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q



P
#`P




M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-#1P


M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



M:61T:#H@

M

M(S`P
#`P



#`P



M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P

M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V


M:61T:#H@

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

@*&

'!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



P
#`P
#`[)SX@


#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0V

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG/B`Q

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[



P
#`P
#`[)SX@.XP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S


G!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


P
M
#`P




#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[



P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#(Q

M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@1W)A:6X@8V]N=')A8W1S(AC*2`H92D\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B


P
#`P




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`W+C4\



#`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D


M=&@Z

#`P
#MM




#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2


G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(R





P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M




T0G=VED


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q
'!X.R!B;W)D




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P








#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

M)B


7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z
M(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(T\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P







P
M
#`P

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#$U+C0I/]F;VYT

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q
'!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T

M

#`P
#MM:6XM



T0G=VED

#`P
#`P



#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


P
M
#`P





M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M;&]R.B
P
#`P





#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT-G!X


M:#H@

T0G

M
#`P



M;&]R.B
P
#`P



M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M


#`P

M(S$V




T0G=VED=&@Z(#0V

#`P
#MM:6XM


M9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M




M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@36%R:V5T86)L92!I;G9E

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M



P
#`P


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

P
#`P
#`[
M)SX@

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z




#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,S(V+C`\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M/B8C


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



M9'1H.B`R

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9`@

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB
M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,C$P<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S







P
M
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z

G!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P






P
#`P

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,S(V
M+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-'!X.R!B;W)D




'!X

7!X


T0G=VED


P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT-G!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)


M

M


T0G


P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,C$P<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS




M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0T

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P



M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z












M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P







M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M)B


G!X.W1E

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ




M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HR

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-#9P


M9'1H.B`R

M=VED=&@Z


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R







#`P
M

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#(X+C`I/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

M;BUT;W`Z


3!P=#MM

T0G9F]N

\+V9O



M86UI;'DZ5&EM97











3!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F
F4Z,3!P
M=#LG/B8C,38P.R8C,38P.R8C,38P.R8C,38P.R8C,38P.R8C,38P.R8C,38P
M.T)A<V5D(&]N($Q)0D]2(&%N9!S=V%P(')A=&5S+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^/'`@


'!T)SX\




3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P
M.R8C



@;W(@87
@;W1H





@3F5W(%)O;6%N


Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[0F%S960@;VX@;V)S97)V86)L92!M87)K970@=')A



T0G

M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#M87-E9!O


@86YD(')E8V5N=&QY(')E

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B




M;3H@

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R

M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(U
M

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z


M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0X(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M



P
#`P




'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(U

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

@;V8@3&EA8FEL:71I97
\+V9O;G0^

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HR


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T






P
#`P

7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T





'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

\+V9O




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q


P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY4;W1A;#PO

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT


#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z




M
#`P


C%P
6QE/3-$)W=I

M=VED=&@Z


T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P

M9'1H.B`R

M=VED=&@Z


M;&4]


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)







M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO





#`P

M(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!B;W)D


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-#1P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HR



P
#`P
#`[;6EN

6QE/3-$)W=I

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q
'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q

M

P
#`P
#`[)SX@($EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@8V]N=')A8W1S

'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

M:#H@

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

M0T]

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

T0G1D].

P
#`P




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@


M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


P
#`P
#`[)SX@


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M

M.B
P
#`P


M0T]

M)W=I9'1H.B`R

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


P
M
#`P




#`P

T0G

P
#`P

'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P

T0G

P
#`P

'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q




M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P







#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
7!X



7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R






#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z
M(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@




M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-G!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
7!X



7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`M



6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`R
#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B,P
M,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q,'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@





M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO





#`P

M(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!B;W)D


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-#1P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HR



P
#`P
#`[;6EN

6QE/3-$)W=I

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q
'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q

M

P
#`P


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO

M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V




T0G=VED=&@Z(#0R

#`P
#MM:6XM


#`P
#`P.VUI




M;&4]

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@

@*&

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-BXW/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`H,XQ*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



M=')A8W1S(AA*2`H92D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@

T0G

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[




M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HR


#`P
M


#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#0V

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG
M/B`H

7!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HR


#`P
#MM


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q
XS/]F;VYT


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT-'!X


P
#`P
#`[)SX@



P
#`P

M(S$V



7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT-'!X


P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT-'!X


P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q
'!X.R!B

M

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG
M/B`@1W)A:6X@8V]N=')A8W1S(AC*2`H92D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ




7!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T



P
#`P

M(S$V




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HR




7!X

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[



M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0V

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
S`N-D\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HR




7!X

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[



M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q



P
#`P
#`[)SY4;W1A;`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\
M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

\+V9O




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q


#`P
#MM:6XM





M=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

M
6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`T

M;W`M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^



#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT-G!X


P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#




M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HR


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG/B`H





M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M



M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C



M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T

M

#`P
#MM:6XM



T0G=VED

#`P
#`P



#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


P
M
#`P

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[


#`P

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HR


#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT


T0G

P
M
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO



P
#`P

M(S$V

M

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q
S0N
3PO9F]N=#X\

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q-#`N-3PO9F]N=#X\
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F
M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M



7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q
'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P







M=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P



M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M











#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
M



M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG






#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR




6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;&4]













#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


P
#`P
M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT

M

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3DT+C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S


#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M:61T:#H@





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#
V



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M


Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B

M5&EM97


M96YS97


M93HQ




T0G9F]N


L


M='

N


M;BUB;W1T;VTZ




M;&4]


M)SXF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#M4

@87)E(')E8V]R9&5D(&%S('!R97!A:60@97AP96YS
M97

M;G0@;&EA8FEL:71I97




'!T)SX\




3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P
M.R8C




3!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F











T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

'!T)SX\9F]N

C`Q

6QE/3-$8F]R9&5R+6-O;&QA



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M;&4]




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P





T0G

P
M
#`P





M.B`Q


M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E;G1E


#`P


M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$P.7!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%



#EP




#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

#L@8F]R9&5R+71O<US




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
#EP


P
M
#`P




#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

\



M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P,30\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



7!X.V)O




M











#$S




T0G=VED=&@Z(#
V

M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z
M(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P,30\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



7!X




M;&4]










M




T0G=VED=&@Z

M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
M,30\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M







M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



#`P

M)B


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
7!X



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



T0G=VED=&@Z(#0T

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

6QE/3-$)W=I

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T



#`P

Q


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

M)B


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-#1P





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


P
#`P



M

M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


P
#`P

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[0T]

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
38N-#PO

6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M
M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[0T]

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#LG
M/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-#1P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M
M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[0T]




#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(`@<W1Y;&4]

M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

7!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#$R



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H





#`P

T0G

6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M
M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[0T]

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


7!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HR


#`P
#MM:6XM


P
#`P
#`[)SX@



T0G

P
M
#`P


M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H




I(')E8V]G;FEZ960@#0H@(`@:6X@96%R;FEN9W,@*&,I/]F;VYT/CPO

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE
M<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[0T]

7!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#`N
2D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M)W=I9'1H.B`R

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].
M5U325I%.B`X<'0[0T]

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@



7!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
7!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#`N

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z






M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M

M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0T



M

T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C



M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P

M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V


M:61T:#H@

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P




T0G=VED



M;&4]

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D


T0G=VED=&@Z(#

M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S9P


M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I
M9'1H.C



M:61T:#H@

M

M(S`P
#`P



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M9D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.'!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX


M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`P+C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


P
#`P

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[0T]

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
7!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N


M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HR


#`P
M


P
#`P
M




M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P


M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

7!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HR


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


T0G

P
M
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO



P
#`P

M(S$V

7!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
M


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

M)B

M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0T



M.B`R

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


P
M
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C



7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

7!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HR


P
#`P
#`[;6EN





M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`@06UO=6YT(&]F(&YE=!G


M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M)B


M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


P
#`P



M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P




#`P

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Y+C@\

S5P


#`P
#`P


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#0N.2D\+V9O;G0^

M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C)P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


7!X.R!B

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M

G!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G;6%R


M;&4]


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M



M

M



M;&4]


3!P=#LG/BD\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


M9G)O;2!!3T-)(&EN=&\@96%R;FEN9W
@:7





M86UI;'DZ5&EM97


Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[1SPO9F]N=#X\





M(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@96%R;FEN9W
@:7

@3F5W(%)O








N



T0G

#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
F4Z,3!P=#LG
M/B`H;&]S<RD\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM
M97





M









'!T







M





P
#`P
#`[
M;6EN+7=I9'1H.C

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z




M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M


P
#`P

M:6%L.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
W


P
#`P
#`[)SY5;G)E86QI



M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3EP



M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


3U(Z

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

@9G)O;2!F;W)E




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-31P


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXK/]F

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
W.'!X

7!X


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

@:6X@04]#22!R96QA=&5D('1O(&AE9&=E(&1E

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Y



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M*3PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@07)I86P[1D].

P
#`P
#`[)SXK/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/]T

M;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@

@


3!P

M;W`Z


3!P=#MF;VYT

M

'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\


M







@8V]U











3!P=#LG





F4Z,3!P=#LG/G)I<VLM<F5L871E9!C;VYT:6YG



3!P=#LG/FAA=F4@


3!P=#LG





M



3!P=#LG




M86UI;'DZ5&EM97




'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T


G!T.R!M

M5&EM97

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O
M;&0[;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z

@3T8@0U)%1$E4
M($%.1!#3U5.5$524$%25%D@0U)%1$E4(%))4TL\+V9O;G0^/]P/CQP('-T


M='1O;3H@

M+B!A;F0@:71S(&%F9FEL:6%T97
@*%=A;U-87)T*2!A8V-O=6YT960@/]F




@3F5W






M;'DZ5&EM97



N





M97



C4L(#(P
30L(%=A;U-87)T(&%C8V]U;G1E9!F
M;W(@




6QE

3!P



@

F4Z,3!P
M=#LG/B!N970@<V%L97,L(&%N9!T:&4@9FEV92!L87)G97-T(&-U<W1O;65R



M;'DZ5&EM97





M




@




'!T)SXF(S$V

T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F








M:&4@=&5R;7
F4Z,3!P=#LG/F]U<B`\+V9O;G0^
M/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O







6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;BUT;W`Z
'!T.R!M87)G

M;W`Z











M87
@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G






T0G


F4Z,3!P
M=#LG/B!M:6QL:6]N(&]F(&]U<B!T;W1A;!A8V-O=6YT<R!P87EA8FQE(&ES




;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E
M9C$S83
Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?.65F
5\V-&(V-S!E.#0Y-S0O5V]R:W-H965T


M(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0R/CQS


]


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1$55#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@







3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD




@3F5W(%)O;6%N


T0G;6%R






3-P


#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E
M<CMB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,34P<'@[)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM
M97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M4
M15A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([)SY-87D@,C4L(#(P,30\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\
M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS

Q


#`P

M)B




M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY-87D@
C8L
M(#(P
3


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG

T0G=VED
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
M


P
#`P





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`Q

M=&@Z


M


M0T]


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


#`P
M


T0G=VED=&@Z

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

#MT97AT+6%L:6=N
M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M



W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P
#`[)SX@-3$U
#L@8F]R





M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





M.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$T

T0G1D].

P
#`P





6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M


P
#`P
M





M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`X-XR/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M



M.B`Q

M=&@Z


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED









'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z







6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H

T0G





#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P


M;BUT;W`Z


3!P=#MM




M

@879A:6QA8FQE('1O











M;W`Z


P
#`P




M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%


7!X.R!B

M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\




#`P

Q

M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P


M9'1H.B`Q-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

#`P
#MM:6XM


#`P
M


M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V



M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


T0G=VED

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P



M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P





M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-'!X


P
#`P




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,RXQ/]F;VYT/CPO


M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


'!T

T0G;6%R9VEN



'!T.VUA


'!I<F4@:6X@36%Y(#(P,3DN
M($-O;F-U<G)E;G0@=VET:!T:&4@97AE8W5T:6]N(&]F('1H:7
@8W)E9&ET

#$U


M;BUB;W1T;VTZ
'!T)SXF(S$V

T0G;6%R9VEN+71O

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT





3!P=#LG/G)A=&EO(&]F(&%T(&QE87-T(#(N-2!T

#$T+CPO9F]N=#X\


'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M


G!T.R!M87)G

M97

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[

M;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@





M;VX@;V8@







@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M


C`Q-P@
M=V4@:7-S=65D(0U
#`N


M(&1U92!*86YU87)Y)B
Q-C`[
C@L(#(P
38N($EN=&5R97-T(&]N('1H92!F






M+C`F(S$V

M(#(N

@9'5E($YO=F5M8F5R)B
Q
M-C`[
38L(#(P





Q-C`[
38L(#(P







3!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP

3

M(&YO=&5S(&1U92!*86YU87)Y)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
38N($EN($]C=&]B97(@
M
C`Q
RP@=V4@:7-S=65D(&%N(&%D9&ET:6]N86P@)#(U

N(%1H

M0D]2('!L=7
@
S`@8F%S:7







M









M(#(P
3





3!P=#LG/G)A=&4@;F]T97

M92!C;VYS:7-T960@;V8@)#(U




M(&YO=&5S(&1U92!*86YU87)Y)B
Q-C`[
CDL(#(P
38@;6%Y(&)E(')E9&5E





M

#LQ-2P@
C`T
R!M


Q-C`[
34L(#(P




M




Q-C`[







@;V8@36%Y(#(U+`R,#$T+!W92!W

2`R-2P@,C`Q-P@=&AE(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N

















3!P=#MM87)G:6XM

M(&%S(&9O;&QO=W

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS
M




M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P








6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)

T0G=VED=&@Z(#



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

M-24@;F]T97
@9'5E($9E8G)U87)Y(#$U+`R,#$Y/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D



M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

M;&4]

P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

34P+C`\+V9O




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,2PP,#`N,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T

RXQ-24@;F]T97
@9'5E($1E8V5M8F5R(#$U+`R,#(Q/]F;VYT/CPO

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/C4N
B4@;F]T
M97

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

XP/]F


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P
#`[)SX@-S4P+C`\

M
C`Q
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#@Y

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M

M.B
P
#`P


M0T]

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

BXQ

38L(#(P

M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

P
#`P
#`[)SX@

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#
Q-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[
M;6EN+7=I9'1H.C


P
#`P
M
#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/C4N-4@;F]T97
@9'5E($IU;F4@
34L

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



P
#`P
#`[)SX@-3`P+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[

34L(#(P-#

M97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

P
#`P
M

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S

'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


34L(#(P
C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M.B
P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@-3`P+C`\+V9O

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C


T0G=VED=&@Z(#
Q-W!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H
M.C


P
#`P

31P


#`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-3`P+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R-3`N
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS


M1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE
M9G0[)SY&;&]A=&EN9RUR871E(&YO=&5S(&1U92!-87D@,38L(#(P,30\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z

M.B`R

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M
#`P


M0T]


C`Q-`\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,SDU+C,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S-C@N-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS



M;&4]


#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C

3=P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[)SXP+C@W-24@;F]T97

CDL
M(#(P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C4P+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[
M)SY&;&]A=&EN9RUR871E(&YO=&5S(&1U92!*86YU87)Y(#(X+`R,#$V/]F

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P




#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P
#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS




'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P

M

P
#`P
#`[)SX@


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS




M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V
6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S






#`P
#MM:6XM=VED



M0T]



M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C



P
#`P

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


XV*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D







'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`V
M+#0R





M


M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-2PY,C8N,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T



'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A







'!T

34L(0Q+#`P,XV(&UI;&QI;VX@
M:6X@9FES8V%L(#(P
38L(0Q+#`P,XP(&UI;&QI;VX@:6X@9FES8V%L(#(P
M

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97


2PQ-3`N
M

@3F5W


C`Q

MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&

M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V5F
3-A
S$T7S1B83!?
M-&1C.%\Y968Q7S8T8C8W








3(@




]

3$E.1R!)3E1%4D535%



T1T;W`^4D5$145-
M04)



'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A





M86UI;'DZ5&EM97






@3F5W







C




3!P=#LG/E

T0G




M


3!P=#LG/B!S=6)S:61I
M87)I97



M

M:61I87)I97







'!X


M;B!9;W!L86ET(%

T0G

@3F5W



@3F5W(%)O;6%N




F4Z,3!P=#LG/BP@=V4@<F5C;W)D960@=&AE(0\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y
M;&4]


3!P=#LG/FUI;&QI;VX@9F%I


@82!R961E93PO9F]N


M:61A=&5D($)A;&%N8V4@4SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A










M

M;'DZ5&EM97






M;W!L86ET(%

M='

C4L(#(P
30L











N02Y3+B!H87

@=&AR;W5G:!*=6QY(#$L(#(P,C$N($YE=!P=7)C:&%S
M97









3(\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


M5&EM97




3!P=#LG/B`U










'!T


@82!R;WEA

6QE
M.FET86QI8SLG/EEO<&QA:70\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ5&EM97





@4RY!+E

@9&EV:61E;F1S(&%N;G5A;&QY(&)A


'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

M
C




3!P=#LG/E

T0G9F]N


M)SY3;V1I86%L)W



SL\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@



@3F5W(%)O


M)B
R
S
F4Z,3!P=#LG/B!A;F0@<F5L871E9!T<F%D






M




M










3!P=#LG/CD\+V9O;G0^/&9O


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


N(#PO












Q-C`[1TU#

M+B8C

M9RP@=&AE($-L87-S)B

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


@=V5R92!S;VQD










@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O




3!P=#LG/B!T:')O=6=H(&$@








F4Z,3!P=#LG/B!A<F4@:6YC;'5D960@:6X@
M;W5R($-O;G-O;&ED871E9!&:6YA;F-I86P@4W1A=&5M96YT<RX@5&AE('1H




T0G


3!P=#LG/FYO;F-O;G1R

M='
@;V8@16%R;FEN9W

T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

'!T)SX\9F]N

#$T+!W92!W97)E(&EN(&-O;7!L:6%N/]F;VYT/CQF





V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&

M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V5F
3-A
S$T7S1B83!?-&1C
M.%\Y968Q7S8T8C8W





M4E

3XQ
B!-;VYT:'





]
M

M


M;'DZ5&EM97







'!T
M)SXF(S$V


M;BUB;W1T;VTZ


C`Q

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97




M('5P('1O(#$P

M

#$T+!A;F0@/]F;VYT






@;V8@;W5R(&-O;6UO;B!S=&]C:RX@


L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!T:&4@=7-E(&]F(&-A;&P@;W!T

M









M93HQ

C`Q

M=7)C:&%S960@
C0N
CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL




C`Q

3
N

T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

'!T)SX\9F]N




@

F4Z
M,3!P=#LG/BD\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM
M97


#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A


3!P=#LG/F8@;W5R(&]U='-T86YD:6YG(&-O


'!T


@3F5W




@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M








3
N
M(%=E(')E8V5I=F5D(&%N(&%D9&ET:6]N86P@



M;W)D960@=&AE(')E;6%I;FEN9R`D

T0G

@3F5W















M/B8C




M:&4@9F]L;&]W:6YG('1A8FQE('!R;W9I9&5S(&1E=&%I;'
@;V8@=&]T86P@


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

Q-C`[


M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HR


P
#`P







3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%





M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^



#`P



P
#`P
#`[

M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P





M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED




#`P
#`P


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)

M
#`P


P
#`P


7!X






M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M9'1H.B`W

M=VED=&@Z



M)SX@
S$N


P
#`P
M

T0G1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#LG/D]T:&5R(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE(AL;W-S*3H\+V9O


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-3-P





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`V

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

6QE/3-$

M;W`M=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P






M;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^


#`P



P
#`P

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU
W!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG/B`H-S$N.D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

3AP

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P






P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4S

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


T0G=VED

P
#`P
M


M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`H,3(Q+C(I/]F;VYT/CPO

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG/B`R
#8N


#`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z
M(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;&4]

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V

M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C@U


7!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


M
#`P


P
#`P



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`P+C


#`P

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[

7!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HW

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


W!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU
M

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

M)W=I9'1H.B`U

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H-RXP*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


T0G=VED=&@Z(#@U

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#(N-D\+V9O;G0^



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\


#`P

M)B


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV
W!X


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HW




W!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU
M

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P


#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
XR/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U-W!X.R!B

M

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M






M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI


M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`H-C4N,2D\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P

M)B





M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO






6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@-#
X+C
\+V9O;G0^





P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#$Y

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R
M-#4N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

T0G

M;W`M=VED=&@Z







P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$R


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HU


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)

M
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
BPP-CDN-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



P
#`P
#`[



#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R-XY/]F;VYT



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-7!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G;6%R


M;&4]


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M



3!P=#LG/B`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@




3!P=#LG/FYT






@3F5W(%)O







M

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


#$S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/]T

M





M=&@Z

#`P
#`P


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z


#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^



#`P



P
#`P
#`[
#L@
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U
W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P

















#`P

Q




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW
M

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%


M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$V

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/DYE=!E87)N

G!X.R!B;W)D97(M






T0G=VED

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

W!X.R!B;W)D




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!

2PX-34N

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


P
#`P




#`P


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H
M=#LG/B`X+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
35P

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W




M0T]

CDN
SPO9F]N

M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO



M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V
W!X.R!B;W)D



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C8S

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X-7!X

7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`W

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC

#`P


P
#`P

M.B`U

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


P
#`P
#`[

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M
#`P


T0G=VED

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
S$N
RD\+V9O;G0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M



M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/]T

M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@($]T:&5R(&9A:7(@

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M

M.B
P
#`P




#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV



#`P

Q-C`[


#`P

Q


#`P

M)B


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW
7!X


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`Q+C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`P+C@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@

3U(Z

M.B`Q-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@(`@2&5D9V4@9&5R:79A=&EV97,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\
M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO



#`P

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C
N
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


#`P


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P



P
#`P

M9'1H.B`Q

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
34N
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#0N-2D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\
M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


P
#`P

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW

M;&4]




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@(`@($%M;W)T:7IA
M=&EO;B!O9B!L;W-S97

M='




T0G=VED


3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,34Y+CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@



#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H-C$N



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV
W!X




M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

M
#`P


P
#`P


M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HU






T0G=VED=&@Z(#4S

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG/B`H

T0G=VED=&@Z

M







3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,3`N,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@








M=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/E1O=&%L

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C


M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


P
#`P
#`[



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G



#`P

M


7!X

7!X




M


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O









M;W1T;VTZ



@3F5W



'!T

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M

3!P=#LG/B`\+V9O;G0^





M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$W-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

Q-C`[


M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HR


P
#`P







3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!





#`P






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%





M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^



#`P



P
#`P
#`[

M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P





M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED




#`P
#`P


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-C-P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

P
#`P


M=VED=&@Z


3U(Z



M6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`V


7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M

M(S`P
#`P


P
#`P


M;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D]T:&5R(&-O;7!R
M96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE(AL;W-S*3H\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^



M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-7!X.R!B;W)D97(M



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-7!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



3U(Z



P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H


M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


M6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

M(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^


2XQ*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`H.3@N-RD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Y

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG/B`S

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[0T]


M
#`P


T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

M:61T:#H@

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


#`P

Q


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3=P




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


M.B`Q-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@(`@(%-E8W5R:71I97
\+V9O

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C




P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

M;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`P+C$\+V9O

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C



#`P

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-S=P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

P
#`P

M9'1H.B`U

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M:#H@

T0G

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

M9'1H.B`Q-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M4CH@(S`P
#`P

Z



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Y



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HU


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M)W=I9'1H.B`U

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


M)W=I9'1H.B`U

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3`N


M
#`P


T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M
#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$W-W!X.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P

M)B

M=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q
S$N
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U
M

M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P





M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W
7!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M



P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D]T:&5R





M;&]R.B
P
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#$L







#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(@W,S(N.2D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
35P

T0G=VED

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H-3$N

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW

M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$W-W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T









M;&]R.B
P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU






P
#`P

M(S$V

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU
M



M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@.#
T+C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS




M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#0T+C



M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H


M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O


@3F5W(%)O











M;&4]






30L(#(P
3
L(#PO



3!P=#LG
M/C(P




M;&4]

M)B



M



M970@;V8@=&%X(&5F9F5C='




P
#`P
#`[)SY);B!-:6QL:6]N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T

6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`V

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H






M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D
2`R-BP@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9`@('-T


M0T]


P
#`P
#`[;6EN



M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P



M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




T0G=VED=&@Z(#8Q

#`P
#MM:6XM


T0G=VED

P
#`P
M



M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW



M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


M.B`V

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#,X+C@I/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\




T0G=VED=&@Z(#
S-'!X.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
S


P
#`P
#`[)SY096YS:6]N

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z-W!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3-P

T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM


T0G

P
M
#`P



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




W!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ


#`P
#MM:6XM


W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


2XU*3PO9F]N=#X\



M


M;&]R.B
P
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M




M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#
S-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB
M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-W!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`H,2PS-#`N
M,RD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S



M;&4]






V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&


Z+V5F
3-A
S$T7S1B
M83!?-&1C.%\Y968Q7S8T8C8W







3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@






]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@











M;W1T;VTZ
'!T)SXF(S$V



'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A









M86UI;'DZ5&EM97





L




@






C`Q
M




3!P=#LG
65E($1I<F5C=&]R<RX@5&AE(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S



M;'DZ5&EM97


M(&=R86YT960@=6YD97(@=&AE(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT



M5&EM97




3!P=#LG



3!P=#LG/F%C8V5L
3I4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[
M9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[)SYA=V%R9'





'!T)SXF(S$V

T0G








M(S`P
#`P






6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG(\^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T

M=&@Z




#MB;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI


P
#`P
#`[







#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



M


M(S`P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@


P
M
#`P




M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M
#L@=&5X




M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V
#L\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG(\^/]T9#X\


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B!2:7-K+69R964@


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M-CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4
M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]

M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`Q


P
#`P
#`[5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/B4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T

#`P
#`P





M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#MM


#`P
M




#`P

M)SXF(S$V


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D
M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\

M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M-3PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%






#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ



63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%

M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ


P
M
#`P
#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/B4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C)P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


#`P
M





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU-'!X


P
#`P




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG
M/B`S+C


P
#`P
#`[5$58






3!P=#LG/B!F;W)F96ET=7)E(')A=&4\








@:6YS=69F:6-I96YT('1O













M




M
!B
M96YE9FET<R!A<F4@8W)E9&ET960@=&\@861D:71I;VYA;!P86ED+6EN(&-A

N










@869T97(@=&AE(&1A=&4@;V8@9W)A;G0N($]P=&EO
M;G


@86YD(&]N92!M

Q


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M
#`P





M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


#`P
M



M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


P
#`P




M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`S.2PR
C$N-SPO9F]N
#L@


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!

C
N-S@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX


P
#`P







#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$V.7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

P
#`P

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^


#`P

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M:#H@

T0G

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`S-RXR.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-CEP
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



#`P
#`P.VUI


#`P
M


PR-SDN,RD\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H



M;&]R.B
P
#`P

T0G

P
#`P


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-SAP


#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


M
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


RD\



#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M





#`P









#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ




#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'



M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@1W)A

3-P

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[




RPT


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT



3U(Z



#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX



P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M




M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




#`P

Q


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'





M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`S




C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT


W!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X



M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`T-RPV-S(N
3PO9F]N
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V-7!X.R!B;W)D97(M



P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R
M:6=H=#LG/B`S


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO


#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M



M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V


T0G=VED=&@Z(#@Q

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`H-BPQ.#$N

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^



3U(Z









T0G=VED


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
W!X






M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

T0G=VED=&@Z


P
#`P


M

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P



M9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@

T0G







3!P=#LG/B!M:6QL:6]N


3!P=#LG/BP@)#$W+C4\


C











C$T

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z






#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%

#MT97AT
M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q
M-'!X.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P<'0[0T],3U(Z
M(
P
#`P
#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/DEN($UI;&QI;VYS/]F;VYT

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3-P


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M0T]







M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

C`Q

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B


7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
M24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S


T0G


M
#`P





#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

P
XX/]F




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#0W

#`P
#MM:6XM


T0G=VED

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P

#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU-W!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)

3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[)SX@,38V+C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@


P
M
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT-W!X


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
CDW+C(\+V9O

W!X.R!B

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M0T]



[;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z














@87)E(&5N




3!P=#LG


M;W`Z




M93HQ


M('5N:71S(&%C=&EV:71Y(&9O;&QO=W

M






M:#H@

M97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$U


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I



P
#`P
#`[
M;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
Q

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z





#`P

38P.SPO

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HW




6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'


T0G=VED


P
#`P







#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.




7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M




#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW
M


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
S4N.#D\
#L@8F]R9&5R


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,S@X+C(\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@







#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C5P


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

C@W


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P



3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@($=R86YT960\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;&4]

'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M;&4]




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW

T0G

P
#`P
#`[)SX@-S0N

'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;&4]



#`P

T0G

P
#`P

'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@5F5S=&5D/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#(L,#`T+C@I/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P

#L\+W1D


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#$T-XY*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P



P
#`P



P
#`P

M(S$V






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

7!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Q


M9'1H.B`W

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`T







M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H-C@N



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV.'!X


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
SDN-34\+V9O
#L@8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


P
#`P
#`[)SX@




T0G=VED


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P



#`P



C4L(#(P
30\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M



P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW
M

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-#`N.#$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W

M=VED=&@Z


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



P
#`P




#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S



7!X.V)O



M


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




P
#`P
#`[5$58



#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q-'!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0W(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@


P
#`P

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@







P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ.7!X



7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


#`P
M












#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


3-P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
BPQ-#0N



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U
7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S


T0G


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C)P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ


P
#`P
#`[5$58

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P







6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

W



M=V%R9'







S0N
2!M




'!T)SXF(S$V

T0G



M=F5S=&5D('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G

M='
F4Z,3!P=#LG/G=A<R`D,3$W+C(\+V9O;G0^/&9O
M;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M


@97AP96YS92!W:6QL(&)E(')E






M87

3
L(&%N


V$S
M
31?-&)A
%\T9&

O4VAE
M970R








3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\






]



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.VUA
F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT
M+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.R<^,3(\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF
M86UI;'DZ5&EM97

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I


@86YD(&1I;'5T



M)SY%4%





'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
S

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M:#H@
6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ




#`P
M


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

M;&4]

P
#`P


7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P


M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
S


P
#`P
#`[)SY.970@96%R
M;FEN9W


P
#`P
M

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




G!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,2PX-34N,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#

M;W`M=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S






M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M;&]R.B
P
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

#`P
#`P.VUI



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

#`P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#
S-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C

M

P
#`P

M.B`W
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P
M,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@

M

M(S`P
#`P



#`P




S

M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3(N
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z
M(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q

M;&4]




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



S

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


M.B`V

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


P
#`P
M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#5P

M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ


#`P
M


M)W=I9'1H.B`S

M9'1H.B`Q

M=VED=&@Z


M;&4]


P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z




#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


P
M
#`P

#`P
M


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

M;&4]

P
#`P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M87)E(T@8F%S:6,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M


P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

BXY


W!X

G!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%


#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@


M.B`Q

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
BXT



M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXR+C@S/]F




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%




M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P






F4Z,3!P=#LG/FX\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI
M;'DZ5&EM97










'!T.R!M87)G:6XM

T1B;W)D97(M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(X.7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



#`P

Q-C`[
6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`R.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M

#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(X.7!X.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P<'0[0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[)SY);B!-:6QL:6]N

M

M


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

C`Q

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z




#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


P
#`P
M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ






P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H
M=#LG/C(P

#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


M;&]R.B
P
#`P

T0G

P
#`P
#`[)SY!;G1I+61I;'5T:79E('-T;V-K(&]P=&EO;G
@

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M
#`P


M.B`Q

M=&@Z



M;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO968Q
V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&
X7SEE

O4VAE970R
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH
M=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N



M*B!$;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

]

T0Q/C$R



]


]

]




M5$4@
3




M14U%3E0@0D5.149)5%
@04Y$(%!/4U1%35!





M





M



M5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M



@



M8FQE(&QA=W






3!P=#LG/B!A;F0@9FES8V%L(#(P
3(\+V9O;G0^


M86UI;'DZ5&EM97








@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M











#$S(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F

@3F5W






'!T.R!M87)G:6XM

M(#!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@


'!T








M;&4]





'!T








M

F4Z,3!P=#LG
M/F9U;F0@<F5L871E9!T<G5S='




M;G1R:6)U=&EO;G

@:6X@9FES8V%L(#(P
30N(#PO



M93HQ


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O










M9'
@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#(Q




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR






P
#`P





M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX-7!X


P
#`P

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#
W



M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R
M

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN
M+7=I9'1H.C$R

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


#MT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

#LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H
M=#LG/C4N


#`P




M1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P,C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T

M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




@



M93HQ


@

M92!C;&%I;7







M97)I96YC97


M:7



M)SXW+C








T0G










3!P=#LG/E(\+V9O




3!P=#LG/C4N
#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A




3!P=#LG/B!F;W(@86QL(')E=&ER965S+B!4:&4@=')E




@82!R97-U






M;&%T:6]N('!L=7

@


M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z





P
#`P
M

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)




M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED






#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I



T0G

M;W`M=VED=&@Z

M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


#L@8F]R9&5R+71O





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%


M87D@
C4L(#(P




M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`X

M





#`P



P
#`P

M=#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@





F4Z,3!P=#LG/B`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@
M<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97

M93HQ



T0G





@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
'!X













38P








M86UI;'DZ5&EM97



7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3(P



P
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY/=&AE

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P.'!X

M=&@Z

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ




P
M
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$R

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R

M:61T:#H@


M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$R


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ



P
#`P
M

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR




M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z




#`P
M

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)


M



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Q

T0G







#`P

M(S$V


G!X.R!B;W)D97(M







M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P

M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Q


#`P
#MM:6XM



7!X.R!B;W)D





M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



P
#`P






#`P


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
#LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]



#`P

Q






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU
7!X






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


3%P
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#`P.VUI






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4
M:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P


P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-#,V+CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P






3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,S4X+C@\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P

G!X.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C)P




M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


#`P
#`P

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
M

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
M,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@



#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q

M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V


'0M86QI
M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)B

M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Q

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R<'@[

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


P
#`P
#`[;6EN




'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3%P


#`P
M

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y
M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R
C
N
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z
M(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)B

M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Q



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,XQ


7!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#)P

M

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z




M:6)U=&EO;G

P
#`P
#`[;6EN



P
#`P
#`[)SX@-BXW/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@




M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`Q-2XR/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]

M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG
M/B`Q



7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED

#`P
M


#`P
M

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y
M;&4]

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(R.7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#4T

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
C
Q+C0I/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@




M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`H,C(R+C8I/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^


#`P

#L\+W1D
#LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG/B`H
38N

T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M
#`P


T0G=VED

M9'1H.B`Q

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;&4]



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M.B
P
#`P


M93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`T+C8\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
G!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


T0G=VED


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y
M;&4]





P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


P
M
#`P



M
#`P




M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(R.7!X.R!B

7!X.V)O


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P










M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

T0G
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z
M(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@

P
#`P


M=&@Z


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F
M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@

#`P
M


#`P
#`P.VUI

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G

M
#`P


M
#`P




M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(R.7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M96-T960@0F5N969I=!/8FQI9V%T:6]N.CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q

M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V

7!X.R!B;W)D97(M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
7!X


M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4Q

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M.7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@

M)W=I9'1H.B`T-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-2PS.#$N-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`T+#DY


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

30X+C(\



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


P
#`P

M.B`U

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@
2PQ
CDN
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q-#$N
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


M
#`P




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L
M;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


#`P

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
G!X


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



P
#`P

M;&4]



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`W+C@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Q



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C
Y+C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(`@<W1Y;&4]

M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U


#`P

M)SXF(S$V
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U
M



7!X.R!T

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P



M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Q



P
#`P
#`[)SX@





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G

P
#`P
#`[)SX@

M
#`P




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q.XR/]F


#`P

M(S$V
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3%P


#`P
#`P

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
M

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

M
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

M
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P

#L\+W1D
#LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

G!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


7!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;&4]


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



G!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M/B8C

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ


#`P
#MM:6XM



M


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@




M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^



#`P

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]

M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`T
M+C



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ


#`P
#MM:6XM



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



P
#`P
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z
M(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P

M

P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


@*&=A



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ


#`P
#MM:6XM


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P



M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG/B`H
C
N
D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D
M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\
M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


#`P



P
#`P



M:#H@


M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[

M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V



M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)B

M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Q



P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#4Y+C

M

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`H-3@N.2D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I




T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#(R.7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P


P
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

G!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
2XP*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D
M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\
M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#`N



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z

M.B`Q

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T





M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ





7!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
7!X



P
#`P


#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3`N-#PO9F]N=#X\


#`P

M(S$V



#`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q







7!X.W1E

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ




M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M

M


M9'1H.B`Q

M=VED=&@Z





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



P
#`P
#`[)SX@-2PS.#$N-#PO9F]N=#X\


M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M



T0G=VED=&@Z(#)P
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@


3U(Z


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P






#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@
M,30U+C,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
G!X.R!B

7!X.V)O


M

M




#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P
#`[)SX@


M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(R.7!X


P
#`P



M

M




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#8N,BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@

M;W`M=VED=&@Z







M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([)SXD/]F



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU
M


P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#
Q-2XS


M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z



6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M

P
#`P

7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

G!X.R!B;W)D97(M




7!X.R!B

7!X.V)O





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT.7!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)



M


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P






P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H

M;BUT;W`Z(#!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@


M
3!P=#LG/F%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&)E;F5F:70@;V)L:6=A=&EO;B!F;W(@86QL
M(&1E9FEN960@8F5N969I=#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

@=V%S(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N


M93HQ

C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M




3!P=#LG/B!-87D@
C8L(#(P
3
\+V9O;G0^







M


M


3!P








M


M;&4]



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




P
#`P

P
M
#`P


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P.'!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ


M;&4]




P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY0;W-T96UP



#`P




M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY4;W1A;#PO

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


#`P
#`P.VUI




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Q.'!X.R!B;W)D





P
#`P

M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C9P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0U(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@


#`P
M

#L@8F]R9&5R+71O<US='EL93IS;VQI




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ







'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M




P
#`P
#`[




M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

M

P
#`P
#`[)SXR

M;&4]


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU
'!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/C(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M:#H@

M=&@Z


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W`M=VED=&@Z







M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

C`Q


#`P

#L\+W1D

M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M






T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U-7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!L969T


P
M
#`P


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P


M0T]




M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



P
#`P




M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


M-C@N



'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M


#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT


P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@*#@N

M:#H@
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4
M.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%
M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU.'!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)



P
#`P
M



M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$U


P
#`P





M

M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
C8N




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3!P


#`P
#MM:6XM




M.B`Q

M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

P
#`P
#`[)SX@-XP/]F





M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED


P
M
#`P


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

#`P
#`P.VUI




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT

M

P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#4N.2D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



#`P





#`P



P
#`P




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/D%M;W5N='


'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F
M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,W!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

P
M
#`P






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
2PV-#


#`P

M

M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



P
#`P
#`[)SX@



M



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P

#L\

M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@



P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#$T



3!P



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P





M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
2PT.34N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%

M;&4]




M;W`Z


3!P=#MM87)G

M;V)L:6=A=&EO;G



'!T

M

'!X.SX\

G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E;G1E


W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q



#`P

M


#`P

M(S$V

M.B`Q

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E;G1E

P
#`P
M



M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$R


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ





#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY&

P
#`P
#`[)SY);B!-:6QL:6]N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T

6QE/3-$)W=I

M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT

T0G

P
#`P


W!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


#`P
M



G!X

7!X


T0G=VED


3U(Z





#`P

M
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-G!X.R!B

7!X.V)O


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

C`Q-#PO9F]N



#`P

M)SXF(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z




#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$W-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%






M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.


#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-#,S+C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G

P
#`P


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@





M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;&4]

M;&4]


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SY!8V-U;75L871E9!B96YE

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M



P
#`P
#`[)SX@


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,S0V+C8\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU-G!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)



#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
G!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$W

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
'!X



P
#`P


#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T
G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M



P
#`P
#`[)SX@-3$W+C
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-#,V+CD\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
G!X.R!B;W)D97(M

G!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M




M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4



G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V











'!T


T0G;6%R






3)P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$V

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!




M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E;G1E



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


M;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$V

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@


M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P
M86X]
T0U(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q
#L@8F]R9&5R+71O<US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M=&]P+7=I9'1H.C%P
6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

#`P
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z




#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z


#$T








'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

C`Q
6QE/3-$)W=I

M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z




M
#`P


P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0T

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P

M1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P,30\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@
6QE




'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

C`Q
SPO9F]N

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3)P


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


P
#`P
#`[5$58

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$W



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M;&4]

P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

G!X.R!B;W)D



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$R

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2


G!X.R!B;W)D97(M



P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M




M

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^



#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M

M



M


M(S`P
#`P



'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M)SX@,C,W+C,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3)P

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG/B`R


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`U,BXQ/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@-34N-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(#0N


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#`P



'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ


M.B`Q

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M
#`P


C@N
D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H-#0P+C

M

M.B
P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#
U



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



P
#`P

'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

M:61T:#H@

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P

M0T]


'!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU
'!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)

3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[)SX@,34Q+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@

T0G

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q
S8N

'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P



#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q-XU/]F;VYT


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT-'!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)


T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[





#`P
M


P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG/B`H


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


#`P
M


P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@*#
N-D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@

T0G

P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO



#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ



P
#`P
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P





6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M



P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#(N.2D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P







M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ







M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$W
'!X.R!B

7!X.V)O


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z


P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HU



M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W`M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
#L@




P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT-'!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)


M.B`Q

M=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ





P
#`P
#`[
M)SX@

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z






'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R.XQ/]F;VYT




M


@8F5N969I






3!P=#LG/B!F:7-C86P@
C`Q-3PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F



M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
C


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M26X@36EL;&EO;G

M:61T:#H@


M.B
P
#`P


P
#`P

3)P


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


T0G



M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(S


P
#`P
#`[)SY!;6]R=&EZ

T0G=VED

T0G=VED

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



#`P
M


P
M
#`P
#`[)SXD(#$T

T0G=VED

T0G=VED

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HY


P
M
#`P


M.B`Q

M=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

C


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M8V4@8V]S='
@*&-R961I='

T0G


M.B
P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-RXT/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^



M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C)P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HY


P
#`P
#`[)SX@

M


P
#`P
M






'!T.R!M87)G:6XM

@


M:6=H=&5D+6%V97)A9V4@87-S=6UP=&EO;G

M5&EM97



@9F]L





#`P

38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3




P
#`P

M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3




P
#`P

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3
T

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY0;W-T96UP;&]Y;65N=`T*




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3
P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%


P
#`P
M
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$S

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)SXF(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED








3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!


T0G




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^



#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I



M;&4]







M
6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`U

M;W`M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\


#`P

M)B


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


P
#`P



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$X<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL



M(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-XU
3PO9F]N=#X\

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXE/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

N

M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$X

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P
#`[
M)SX@
RXW

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P







#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S


T0G=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P






M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`M






#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M

T0G=VED


P
M
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$X


#`P
#`P.VUI

Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D:78^


'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.B`P


G!T.R!M87)G:6XM

@


M:6=H=&5D+6%V97)A9V4@87-S=6UP=&EO;G


M93HQ

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$U

M)B
#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E<CMB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
M,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,34V<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([
M)SY$969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70-E!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G


P
M
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$W

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R


#`P

Q



#`P

M
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0U(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
34V


M



M
#`P


M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$W


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ



M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$U

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M9'1H.B`R

M=VED=&@Z


M;&4]










M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T
'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I

C`Q

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT

T0G1D].

P
#`P




#`P

M)B




P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
M



M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT



P
#`P

M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW



'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`[



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@








M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




M
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SXE



M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-#!P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M





3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-2XS-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
M



P
#`P



M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$T<'@[)SX\9F]N
M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@



'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P



T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


T0G=VED

M9'1H.B`T

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@

G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T

M;&]R.B
P
#`P




M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-#!P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P

M)B

#`P
#`P


M
#`P


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ





M=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

3$\+V9O

'!X.R!B

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG






M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT


P
#`P
#`[)SX@.2XS

M;&4]


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M

M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT

T0G1D].

P
#`P


M+6)O='1O;3H@







M



M('!E;G-I;VXL(&]T:&5R(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A









3!P


M






'!T)SX\9F]N

M86ER(%9A;'5E(&]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL







3!P=#LG/G





3!P=#LG/G

T0G


M




3!P=#LG
M/B!-87D@
C8L(#(P
3



38P



C

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(V
'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



#`P

M)SXF(S$V

T0G=VED=&@Z

M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P


S-P


P
#`P
#`[
M;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(S

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P









#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z.'!X



7!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M0T]

SPO



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M

#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P







M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I




#`P
M







#`P

M

M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C8S

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!C96YT97([)SY

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z


#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY4;W1A


P
M
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(S


P
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[



T0G


P
M
#`P


M;&4]


M;&]R.B
P
#`P




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D








T0G=VED=&@Z(#AP


M0T]


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)

#`P
M



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED




P
#`P
#`[5$58

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N


P
#`P


#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ


P
#`P


#`P
M






2PT
SDN

'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V)O<F1E

#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H
M=#LG/B`U-3DN


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(S
W!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H
M.C(S


P
#`P

T0G=VED

M9'1H.B`V

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)


M-3@V+C


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M0T]


#LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4U

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M

T+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P




P
#`P

M/B8C


P
#`P
M



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M:#H@
C

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG/B`@(%)E86P@87-S970@:6YV97-T;65N='
@*&
I(#PO9F]N=#X\

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P




#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

3(X+C


M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4




#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.CAP



P
M
#`P


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P


P
#`P
#`[;6EN



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW



P
#`P
'0M86QI9VXZ

P
#`P

M

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




P
#`P
M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#8S

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%

M

'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV



P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#AP


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX



P
#`P


#`P

M

P
#`P
M

'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P



#`P
#MM


#`P
M





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T









#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G

P
#`P

M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


#`P
#MM:6XM


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(S




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M92!M96%S=7)E;65N=!O9B!P96YS:6]N('!L86X@87-S971S/]F;VYT/CPO





#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%

M;&4]


P
#`P



P
#`P


7!X


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

C8Y

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I








#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%

T0G


P
#`P






M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M





M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`Q+#@U





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].

P
#`P




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`U+#`V-BXQ/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/]T


M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M/B8C





G!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H

P
#`P
#`[



T0G



M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;&4]


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV



T0G=VED=&@Z(#8S

P
#`P
#`[;6EN



#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]





T0G=VED=&@Z(#AP


M0T]


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)

#`P
M



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z


P
#`P

M(S`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R


P
#`P
'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N

#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H
M=#LG/B`R
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P

M



M:'0[)SX@.3(N
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`R

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(S
M
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN
M+7=I9'1H.C(S


P
#`P
#`[

M

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&


M:'0[)SX@
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`V-2XX


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P

#L\+W1D

P
#`P
#`[5$58


M.B
P
#`P


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P

M(S$V


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@



M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4


M)SX@
3DN
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#4U

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T




M

'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV



P
#`P

M)W=I9'1H.B`R

'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P



#`P

#L\

P
#`P
#`[


M.B
P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z.'!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV



P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P


M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`M/]F;VYT

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P







6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M)B


P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[

P
M
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HV


P
#`P





M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX






M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`Y



P
#`P
M
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(S


P
M
#`P


\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P






P
#`P




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M






#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&


M:'0[)SX@
SDN



#`P
M

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z







P
#`P

M
#MB;W)D97(M8F]T



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.

T0G=VED=&@Z




M97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P





M0T]


M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M





M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`T
S8N





M93HQ






M93HQ


M;'DZ5&EM97


M960@9G5N9'

\+V9O;G0^/&9O










3!P=#LG/GAP96-T

M;BUT;W`Z


'!T.VUA


@3F5W(%)O;6%N


Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q
M-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B


@86YD(&)O


M9R!M;V1E;'



F4Z,3!P=#LG/B!I;F1E<&5N9&5N
M=!F:6YA;F-I86P@86YA;'ES='

@3F5W(%)O

F4Z,3!P=#LG
M/B!F:7AE9`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]




T0G;6%R


3I4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[)SY0=6)L






'!T






M1VQO8F%L(&)A;&%N8V5D(&9U;F0@;V8@97%U:71Y+!F:7AE9!I;F-O;64\


M86YD(')E86P@97-T871E('-E8W5R:71I97







@


3!P=#LG




M97


@

T0G;6%R

'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^/'`@


'!T)SX\






3!P=#LG/G


M
3!P=#LG/G


C4L(#(P

M





M;BUT;W`Z
#L@
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC;VQO<CHC
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HR

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(P
W!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

T0G=VED

P
#`P






P
#`P





3$R


7!X.V)O




P
#`P



M=VED=&@Z


C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO

M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(P



P
#`P
#`[)SY096YS:6]N(&)E;F5F


T0G=VED

T0G=VED

#`P
M



#`P
M

6QE


M(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P




M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(P
W!X.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(P
M


P
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


P
#`P


#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M

P
#`P


#`P



P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$Q

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
M
#`P


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(P
W!X.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(P
M


P
#`P

#`P
M



3U(Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED







M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`Q.3@N
M


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T




#`P
#`P




XS/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D

M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^


M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.CAP


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M


M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%

SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT




M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D9A:7(@=F%L=64@86-T:79I
M='D@;V8@;&5V96P@



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R

#`P
#MM:6XM


M;&4]

M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([)SXD/]F;VYT



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV-W!X


P
#`P



#L@8F]R9&5R+71O<US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Q

M;&4]

P
#`P


G!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%

T0G



C8U+CD\+V9O;G0^

M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




T0G=VED=&@Z(#(P



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

#L\+W1D



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P



#`P

Q


#`P

M)B







M

#`P
#`P.VUI




'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM


#`P
#MM


P
#`P
M




#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

#L\+W1D/CQT


#`P

Q-C`[






C`N
CPO9F]N=#X\

P
#`P
M



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Q

M

P
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z.'!X


P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI


P
#`P
#`[

M;&]R.B
P
#`P




'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M.B
P
#`P





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R


#`P
#`P


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(#8N


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M0T]




M

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG
M/D9A:7(@=F%L=64@86-T:79I='D@;V8@;&5V96P@






#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%





M:'0[)SX@



#`P
M


P
#`P
M





M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


G!X.W1E

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$Q

M=VED=&@Z






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E;G1E
#MB

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`W+C@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P






#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC;VQO<CHC
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HR

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(S
W!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

T0G

P
#`P

C`Q
CPO9F]N



#`P

M)SXF(S$V

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY.970@5')A;G-F

#`P
#MM




M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT

M4V5T=&QE;65N='

P
#`P
M



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M=VED=&@Z


P
#`P

C`Q
SPO9F]N

M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H
M.C(S


P
#`P
#`[)SY096YS


M;&4]

M;&4]


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[



#`P

Q



M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(S
M
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN
M+7=I9'1H.C(S


P
#`P
#`[


#`P
#MM


P
#`P
#`[



#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P


#`P



P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P

M(S`P
#`P


P
#`P




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!



#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT

M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([)SXD/]F

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R

'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+C

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

XT/]F;VYT

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(S
W!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H
M.C(S


P
#`P


#`P
M


M
#`P



#`P

#L\+W1D






P
M
#`P



M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO

M:#H@
C


3U(Z





M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

#`P
#`P

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%

M;&4]




2D\

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

M:#H@

'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N

#`P
#MM





M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C@W

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#LG/B`Y.3`N


M;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(S




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P



#`P

Q


M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.CAP






C

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P

M='





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



#`P
#`P



M.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Q

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HR




6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M

M
#`P



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV-W!X


P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Q


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E;G1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED



M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`R

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(S
M
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN
M+7=I9'1H.C(S


P
#`P
#`[


#`P






#`P

M(S$V


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@

M

P
#`P
#`[
M;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Q


P
#`P
M





#`P

M

P
#`P



#`P

M(S$V


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@





M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D9A:7(@=F%L=64@86-T:79I='D@;V8@(`T*
M(&QE=F5L(#



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

M
#`P






M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



G!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%

T0G


M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H

P
#`P
#`[


M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`Q+C@\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%

M;W`Z


3!P=#MM87)G


3!P=#LG/C
@87-S971S





C`Q-P@=V%S/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T

M
3!P=#LG/B`D(#@U+C

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M

3!P=#LG/FUI;&QI;VX\


@3F5W(%)O


M;&4]



'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O

'!E





6QE/3-$



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M


@9F]L;&]W





#`P

38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0S(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




P
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P

38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0S(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


P
#`P
#`[

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$U
W!X



7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
30\+V9O;G0^





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ.'!X



7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS




#`P

Q-C`[





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P





#`P

Q-C`[





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R
M:6=H=#LG/C(P
3

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M

#`P
#`P.VUI



P
#`P
#`[


M;W`M=VED=&@Z

M
#`P


M;&4]


M;&]R.B
P
#`P




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-3-P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M
M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q,'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C,#`P,#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
M(&QE9G0[)SY5;FET960@4W1A=&5S(&5Q=6ET:65S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D


P
#`P

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

M;&4]

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SXE



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C8Q

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ.'!X


P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q

M


#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V)O<F1E

#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C0N
M
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R
M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV
7!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)



#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%
M6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[)SY&:7AE9!I;F-O;64\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

U+C4\

M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$X





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CPO


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

P
#`P
#`[)SX@-RXR




M

M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P



#`P


6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q.'!X

7!X





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV
M


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3`P+C`\


G!X.W1E

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P










#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV



P
#`P
#`[)SX@





#`P



P
#`P


M



@:7
@


@

M='









M=&EO;F%L(&5Q=6ET:65S.R`Q




[(#

M9FEX960@:6YC;VUE.R!A;F0@

M86QL;V-A=&EO;G





@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O







M;G1R:6)U=&EO;G





M;W0@97AP96-T('1O(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL









M




@






M5&EM97


@

@86YD(&9U







M97



M5&EM97






P
#`P



#`P

#L\
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U
7!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/D1E9FEN960@#0I
M96YE9FET#0I096YS:6]N(`T*4&QA;G,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z.31P







#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
M



P
#`P




M;&]R.B
P
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[)SXR




M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R-#0N-CPO9F]N=#X\

7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HY


P
#`P
#`[)SX@-C`N
SPO

7!X.R!B;W)D97(M



P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
#MT97AT
M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C)P


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)

T0G

M
#`P




#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO


#`P



P
#`P


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'
M3CH@;&5F=#LG/C(P

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M



3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,C8S+C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M




#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P
#`[)SX@-C
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
M,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U+C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M

M.B
P
#`P


M0T]

M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

C`Q.#PO
'0M86QI
M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R-S
N
'0M
M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X
M.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`V

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(#8N
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#DY

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[)SXR
#$Y/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^


#`P



P
#`P


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

C`R






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C)P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HR



3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[)SX@,S4Y+C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@

M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS




#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C4N-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT


#`P

#L\
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Y.7!X.R!B;W)D

G!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`W
M










@4V%V










@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M


@;V8@36%Y(#(U+`R,#$T+!A;F0@




M

30L(0T-BXP/]F;VYT/CQF



M+C@@;6EL;&EO;B!I;B!F:7-C86P@
C`Q

Q-C`[

6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE=R!2





M;&4]

T0G9F]N

@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O


@;V8@36%Y(#(U+`R,#$T+!A

M5&EM97






6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S($YE=R!2

3!P=#LG/B0W
#@N


3!P=#LG/FUI;&QI;VX\+V9O;G0^/&9O




M

M





M;BUB;W1T;VTZ



V$S
31?-&)A
%\T
M9&

O4VAE970R
BYH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$





]
M

]
T1T


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S

\+W1D

@3F5W(%)O;6%N

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O;&0[)SXN($E.0T]-12!4


38P






M;&QO=W

M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/DEN($UI;&QI








M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

C`Q

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO



#`P



P
#`P

T0G

M;W`M=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

@86YD#0H@





#`P

Q

M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T.7!X.R!B;W)D


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-#EP





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S


#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO

'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

#4Q+C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
2PX
38N-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@(!&;W)E






#`P
M

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS

Q






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HS






M0T]

!E87)N:6YG<R!F<F]M(&IO:6YT

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HS


P
#`P



M
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
BPU

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

C$P+C4\+V9O;G0^


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#4U

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW



#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HS



P
#`P
#`[

6QE/3-$

M;W`M=VED=&@Z

M
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(R-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P





T0G=VED=&@Z(#0Y

#`P
#MM:6XM


M9'1H.B`T.7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-35P


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#

M;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(R-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(R-'!X


P
#`P
#`[)SX@(`@(!3=&%T

#`P
#`P.VUI


#`P
M


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#

M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C

#L\+W1D





M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(R


P
#`P
#`[)SX@(`@(!&






M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,30V+C,\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS

M)B


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,3(V
M+C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HS







3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@(!4;W1A;!C=7)R96YT/]F;VYT/CPO


M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#


M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`V-3DN-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@











#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
M
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H

M=&@Z

#`P
#MM



T0G


#`P
M




#`P

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@(`@(!3=&%T92!A;F0@;&]C86P\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z



#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@*#$N



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR




M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-35P


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#


M;&4]


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P
#`[)SX@

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HR




P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`X
M.#
N

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z



M;W`M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#


M0T]





M;&4]


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Y-W!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T




M;W`M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\


#`P

M)B


7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
M24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

M

P
#`P



M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$V



P
#`P
#`[
M;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
S


P
#`P
M



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3AP


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

S4N

'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



T0G=VED=&@Z(#
S
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
S
7!X


P
#`P
#`[)SY3=&%T92!A;F0@

M='

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


T0G

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/C$N


#`P
M


P
M
#`P

#`P
#`P.VUI




#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ



#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M
#`[)SXH

M-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN




M-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN

#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC;VQO

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M0T]

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P


M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#$N,RD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@

'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

M:61T:#H@

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
S

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M9'1H.B`Q-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M



3U(Z

M.B`Q-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[

#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS




#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M



M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M



M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M



M
#`P


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS





6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

S
N


#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F


M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG


M

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z




#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P
#`[)SXS

T0G




'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F





P
#`P
#`[)SY);B!-:6QL:6]N
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#4Y


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


#$S

#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B,P
M,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$T<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%
M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3`V+C`\


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ.7!X


P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#(W-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


P
M
#`P


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C


#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(W-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

P
#`P



#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


#`P
#MM



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4



#`P


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(W-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(W-G!X


P
#`P
#`[)SY487@@8W)E9&ET


#`P
#`P


M
#`P


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`W.XP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(W-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(W-G!X


P
#`P





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG/B`T


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


M0T]

M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M
3
N


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P
#`[)SX@-C4N
M




M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


#`P
#MM



7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z



'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

S8P+CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S



#`P




#`P

M

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
2PV-#DN.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^



#`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C(Q+C8\+V9O;G0^

M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M
C



P
M
#`P


P
#`P

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M
#`P


M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V-7!X.R!B;W)D97(M



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW



#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,2PS-S,N-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`Q+#,X,XT/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/]T



\


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-'!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P
#`[)SX@-3

M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/E!E;G-I;VX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG

T0G

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



#`P

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M

M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M;W)I97

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


#`P
#MM:6XM





M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U





M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


#`P
#MM:6XM


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#(W-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


P
M
#`P
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$T<'@[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9`@


#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ.7!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@


#`P
#`P.VUI


31P


P
#`P
#`[



M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


M


6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ.7!X



7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R

T0G=VED

M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[)SY.970@9&5F97)R960@=&%X

#`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z




#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2





6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M

M(S`P
#`P












M




M86QU871I;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E(&]F(0R,C$N-CPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL




3!P=#LG/B!R96QA=&5S('1O(&$@9&5F




3!P



3!P=#LG/B!M:6QL:6]N(')E;&%T97


3!P=#LG/G-T871E


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M











@





T0G9F]N

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97





M9'



34@86YD(#(P

'!X


@;V8\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@







3!P




'!T



T0G9F]N



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O



M;W)E:6=N(&]P97)A=&EO;G





3!P=#MM87)G

C`Q



M(&%N9!%9'5C871I;VX@4F5C;VYC:6QI871I;VX@06-T(&]F(#(P,3`N(!$

3
L('=E('1O;VL@8V5R=&%I;B!A8W1I;VYS('1O


@3F5W


S


3!P=#LG/B!A;CPO9F]N=#X\





M



M87)Y+B!'34








M;BUT;W`Z(#!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@


M93HQ






M;64@=&%X97



M+6QE9G0Z


@9&5P96YD:6YG(&]N('1H92!T87@@:G5R:7-D:6-T

@:6YC;'5D92!T


&%M:6YA
M=&EO;G

M97




@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O


@3F5W(%)O;6%N

F4Z,3!P=#LG/BD\
M+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O



M97



T0G

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97


6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M:6QY.E1I;65S

3!P=#LG/FEN('!R;V=R97-S+CPO9F]N


M;VTZ
'!T)SXF(S$V



'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL

#$S+!T:&4@25)3(&-O;F-L=61E9!I
M='
@9FEE;&0@97AA;6EN871I;VX@;V8@;W5R(#(P
#D@86YD(#(P
3`@=&%X


M93HQ

M('1I;6EN9R!F;W(@9&5D=6-T:6YG(&%C8W)U960@8F]N=7
@97AP96YS97
\





M;65N='




@;W(@





T0G9F]N




T0G

@



3!P=#LG/D%S


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O


#`X

M(#!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@





#`Y(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A


3!P=#LG/B`R
#$Q+B`@07-S97-S;65N='


T0G9F]N


@9'5R:6YG(#PO9F]N



3!P=#LG
M/C(P

@87-S;SPO




M



M

#4@86YD(#(P
#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT

@


C`Q







3!P=#LG/F1E





@3F5W



6QE





M('-E='

@=6YR96-O



M93HQ

M


3!P=#LG/B!T;W1A






@=7!O;B!R96-O9VYI=&EO;B!O9B!T:&4@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S.'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
SAP




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P








M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'



P
#`P
M



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$R<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T



C

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


T0G

M
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(S
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(S

M;&4]

P
#`P
#`[)SX@(!!9&1I=&EO;G,\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ


#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ


#`P
M


C

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ


#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


#`P
M



G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

P
#`P
#`[
M)SX@
34N

M
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN




M)W=I9'1H.B`R

'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#DT+C4I


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3%P




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
M-S0N

M:#H@
C

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

M

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT


P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#
Y+C`I

G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3)P


#`P
#MM:6XM


M;&4]


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

C
R








P
#`P



P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R
38N

'!X


T0G









3!P=#LG/G5N






@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M




@8F5Y;VYD


T0G

M960@:6X@;W1H97(@;&EA8FEL:71I97






M5&EM97





@3F5W




3!P=#LG/B`\+V9O;G0^/&9O



M




3!P=#LG/B!A(&YE=!B96YE9FET(&]F/]F;VYT/CQF;VYT('-T

M





3!P=#LG/F]F(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F





3!P=#LG






F4Z,3!P=#LG/BX\+V9O;G0^/]P/CQS<&%N/CPO<W!A;CX\



C

M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5



3XQ
B!-;VYT:'




]


M5%


M


M



M
'!T)SXF(S$V











M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z

M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T.'!X.R!B;W)D



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M

C`Q

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Y

M

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG


P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@.#`N



M;W`M=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



#`P

M

P
#`P
#`[)SX@-S(N-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R


#`P



W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ



#`P
#`P.VUI


#`P
M


M

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

M



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;&4]




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P




#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Y-W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z




P
#`P
#`[)SX@

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




7!X.V)O


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





M;BUT;W`Z



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M




#`P
M





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
W!X



P
#`P

M9'1H.B`V

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H

#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(X,7!X.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
M,T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/C(P
34\+V9O


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

#`P
M




#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@-S
N-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P




#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


M
#`P




#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@-#(N-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!L



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#(X



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

C`Q.3PO
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W-'!X

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(X

M;&4]

P
#`P

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q




'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



W!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R+C4\



P
#`P
#`[
M;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(X


P
#`P
M
#`[)SY

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V
W!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P
M,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,C@Q<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#LG/E!R97-E;G0@=F%L=64@;V8@;V)L:6=A=&EO;G,@=6YD97(@8V%P
M:71A;!L96%S97

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M



#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C8S

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R+C0\+V9O

T0G;6%R9VEN


M



M93HQ



M)#8N







3!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F

C4L(#(P
30L('=E(&AA=F4@:7-S=65D(&=U
M87)A;G1E97

S0P+C8\+V9O;G0^



M(&]T:&5R(&]B;&EG871I;VYS(&]F(&YO;BUC;VYS;VQI9&%T960@869F:6QI








Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?.65F
5\V


M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]



M

]


]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D)54TE.15-3(%-%1TU%3E0@04Y$($=%3T=205!(24
@

M5&EM97

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O
F4Z,3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.R<^
M($)54TE.15-3(%-%1TU%3E0@04Y$($=%3T=205!(24,@24Y&3U)-051)3TX\
M+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


T0G

'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^


'!T



3!P=#LG/F9O;V1S(&EN


@3F5W(%)O


[($EN=&5R;F%T:6]N86PL(#PO

F4Z,3!P=#LG
M/B`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@3F5W




M


3!P=#LG





@3F5W(%)O



'!T




M(&-A=&5G;W)I97









M9G0Z



@




M;F-H:7-E(&9E97




M;VTZ
'!T)SXF(S$V



'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL





N(%=E('-E;&P@=&\@9&ES=')I8G5T;W)S












M:6YV96YT;W)I97







@82!R

M879A:6QA8FQE(&)Y(&]P97)A=&EN9R!S96=M96YT+CPO9F]N=#X\+W`^/'`@


'!T)SXF
M(S$V


M;W1T;VTZ







'!T


M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(T


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4W

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3-P


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M0T]


#MT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z



M:61T:#H@

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W`M=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@52Y3+B!2971A:6P\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3`L-C`T+CD\+V9O


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3-P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


#`P
#`P.VUI


P
#`P
#`[
M)SX@

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

T0G

P
#`P
#`[)SX@


W!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV
M

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

C`P+C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-C-P


M:61T:#H@


M.B
P
#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-W!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ



3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[)SX@,2PY.#,N-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9`@('-T




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!

T0G=VED


P
#`P
#`[)SX@





M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ


P
#`P



M
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@





M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M;&4]

P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
38L-C4W


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P



M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL


M.B
P
#`P





M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@52Y3
M+B!2971A:6P\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3-P

'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`[
M)SX@
BPS

M.B`Q

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


P
#`P
M



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B!);G1E

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S

P
#`P
#`[;6EN



P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU-W!X


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
S$T+C8\+V9O

W!X.R!B

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN



M0T]



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HV



M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q



M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$R<'@[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9`@




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(U-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3-P




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


M.B`U-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL


#`P


M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ


#`P
M




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,S(V+C$\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


M)W=I9'1H.B`V

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#8U+C4I/]F;VYT/CPO



P
#`P

M(S$V



G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ



P
#`P
#`[)SX@






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
W!X




G!X.R!B

M

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].

P
#`P




#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
BPX-3$N.#PO9F]N=#X\


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B


G!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R+#4V


M;3H@

M;'DZ5&EM97






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Y.'!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/DEN($UI;&QI;VYS/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@










P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$T


#`P
#MM:6XM








#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HW



P
#`P
#`[;6EN

6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`W

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`[5$58

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

BPY-C0N

M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H






#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M


M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/C(L.#8P+C$\+V9O


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-'!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

W!X.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$S


W!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HW


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M
BPY
S4N

#`P
M




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/C(L.#0T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


3-P

M

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG/B`R+#8Q

M0T]

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W
W!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HW



M;&4]

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/C$L.3DY+C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V

P
M
#`P
#`[)SXQ+#@Y

T0G

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG/C$L

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW

T0G

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
2PP.#(N-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R


#`P




P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;&4]

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`V-C0N-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@3W1H97(\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H





M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V





31P


P
#`P
#`[



M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/E1O=&%L/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\


G!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P

M










#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW

M

P
#`P
#`[)SXQ-RPW-S0N


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ





M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z







M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(#!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@



'!T.R!M87)G

T1B;W)D

'!X.SX\='(^/'1D



M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z
C

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY&:7-C86P@
#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B,P
M,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(S.'!X.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U7

P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-'!X



7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
30\+V9O;G0^

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M)B


7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


#`P
#MM










3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@




M.B
P
#`P








#`P



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^


C

M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C
X

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@56YI=&5D


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P



M=&%T97

M.B`V

M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U+#



M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ







M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



C







P
M
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#8S


P
#`P
#`[)SX@


#`P

#L\


#`P



P
#`P













3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXD/]F;VYT



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU-W!X


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
38L-C4W+CD\


T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#`P.VUI



P
#`P
#`[




M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;W`M=VED=&@Z

M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


P
M
#`P



M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

P
#`P



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-3AP
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


M



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CPO

M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



P
#`P


M=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z




M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M



P
#`P
M


M

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L
M;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M0T]

#`P
#`P


M)W=I9'1H.B`U-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW



P
#`P



M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW




M;&]R.B
P
#`P

T0G

P
#`P


#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ

3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[)SX@.#8W+C,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M



M=VED=&@Z



3U(Z



#`P
M


P
M
#`P

T0G=VED

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


6QE


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M


M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

M.B`R


P
M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4




M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
31P


#`P
#MM:6XM


M


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW

6QE/3-$



M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

C`Q
M
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW



'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV
W!X



6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U.'!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


M-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN

#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC;VQO

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ



#`P
#MM


#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R




M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

P
#`P



M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HV


M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,2PQ.#4N,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T




M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-3AP
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M/B8C



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


T0G=VED

M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z







'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(#

#`P
#`P.VUI


#`P
M


P
M
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#4X




#`P
#MM


#`P
#`P


#`P
M



M=%]E9C$S83
Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?.65F










]


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R




]



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD


M



M;BUB;W1T;VTZ
'!T)SXF(S$V

T0G;6%R9VEN+71O

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT




#`P



M


#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU
7!X


P
#`P

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P





M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P



M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C



P
#`P

M;&4]

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

\+V9O;G0^

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW







'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z


P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q




M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@







P
#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U.7!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

C`Q-#PO
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
W!X

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[


S5P



M


M:61T:#H@



S

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

@


P
#`P


T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
S

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

P
#`P
#`[)SXQ+#(V

M

M.B
P
#`P


M0T]





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ


#`P
M


S


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3EP


#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


M
#`P



'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D
M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,S,U<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL



#`P

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!

T0G=VED


P
#`P



W!X.R!B;W)D97(M



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)

M
#`P




M;BUB;W1T;VTZ


#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V

T0G



@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O


T0G9F]N






3!P=#LG/FUI;&QI;VX@87
@
M;V8@36%Y(#(V+`R,#$S+!W97)E('9A;'5E9!A=`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


M;'DZ5&EM97




'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M

T1B;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P



#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


M
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z


M




M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#
S



M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/E!R97!A:60@97AP96YS97

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W`M=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
34S

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


M9'1H.B`U

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@


M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M


M.B`Q

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M
#`P


M0T]



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S
RXS


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3)P


7!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HU


P
#`P
#`[)SX@

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS


\+V9O

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C

M:#H@

M:61T:#H@

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS


6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-W!X.R!B

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;&4]


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q



S)P



#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z




P
#`P

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M

P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU
7!X


P
#`P
#`[)SX@-#
W+C8\+V9O

T0G;6%R9VEN






M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P









T0G=VED=&@Z(#4U


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#
Q-7!X.R!B;W)D


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S$U

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/DQA;F0L(&)U




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ




#`P

Q-C`[


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3`V

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z



#`P
M


P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





3-P

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#
Q-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C

T0G1D].

P
#`P
#`[)SX@(!=6EL9&EN9W

W!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS



M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

P
#`P
M

M9'1H.B`Q

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M.B`V

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D



T0G=VED=&@Z(#
Q-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C



P
#`P


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-#(W+CD\+V9O;G0^/]T




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R


M:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-#DU+C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS




P
#`P
#`[)SX@.2PS.3
N
M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P

M.B`S


P
M
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C


P
#`P
#`[)SY

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V
'!X.R!B

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H-2PT-3$N

W!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V


M.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C

T0G1D].

P
#`P

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



'!X

7!X


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI


P
#`P
#`[
M)SX@
RPX-S@N


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M



P
#`P


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

M

P
#`P

M:#H@
S

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W`M=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P






M;&]R.B
P
#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS
S)P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

M;65N='



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P






P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R

#`P
#MM:6XM





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

BXR


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3)P


7!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HU


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M
3




#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HS





M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q
3$N

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S


T0G


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#
S




M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS




M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



W!X.R!B

7!X.V)O


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P




P
#`P
#`[)SY);B!-


M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H






M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D
2`R-BP@,C`Q,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9`@('-T


M0T]

W!X.R!B;W)D97(M



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
G!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U
M

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC;VQO

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS


M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P




P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG/B`U-S@N

M.B`Q

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


P
#`P
M


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

P
#`P
#`[)SX@

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S

T0G

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G

P
#`P
#`[)SX@

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`@($%C8W)U960@=&%X97,\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4V

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`V

T0G=VED

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].

P
#`P
#`[)SX@.#@N


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS



\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H




M.B`S

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M



#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2



M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C

7!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HU


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
S`N
M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HS



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M0T]

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P





M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M0T]

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P



M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@(!-:7-C96QL86YE




T0G=VED=&@Z


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P







#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M




M:61T:#H@
S



M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W`M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I

#`P
#MM


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@












M:#H@


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

\+V9O

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


C4L
M(#(P

M:#H@


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



C8L
M(#(P
3


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@






M:#H@

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#4V

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q+#
T
2XY/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M:#H@

T0G

P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q.34N-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




T0G=VED=&@Z(#
P
'!X.R!B

M

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG




#`P

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE



M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`U



M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q
34N-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT




M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[



#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


G!X.R!B;W)D97(M






3)P


3!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F



M:#H@

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z






#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%



P
#`P

7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B


7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
M24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



P
#`P

T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#(T

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M)W=I9'1H.B`U

M;W`M=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U.#4N-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


7!X.R!B;W)D



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4Q

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U.#@N
#PO



M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3-P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

M

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG

#`P
M





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4Q

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R-#

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,C0U+C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/CQT



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG

T0G=VED


M;&4]


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B






M(#!P=#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$S


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(W



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D5X






P
#`P
M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ






P
#`P

M(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

M9'1H.B`Q

M=VED=&@Z


M;&4]



M:#H@

#`P
#`P


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q



M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HU


M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,S(S+C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q



M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

M;&4]

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
S


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT







#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


T0G=VED

P
#`P
M



P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M


W!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
W!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@




M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z






P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4Q

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
3(N-BD\


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
G!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M




P
M
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(W


P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

T0G=VED=&@Z


P
#`P
#`[)SX@




M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
W!X


P
#`P



#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].

P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



P
#`P
#`[)SX@


M

T0G;6%R



'!T

M;65N='

M+6)O='1O;3H@



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I
M9'1H.C(Q


M0T]


#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS


6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U.7!X.R!B;W)D



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

C`Q-#PO9F]N=#X\

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M9'1H.B`S




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)





M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU
M


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
S0T+C
\

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-S4W+C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@


M.B
P
#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U
7!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U-CDN-#PO9F]N=#X\
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U
7!X.R!B;W)D

G!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]E9C$S83
Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?.65F
5\V-&(V-S!E.#0Y-S0O




]


T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]

M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

C`Q-#QB

]




M5&EM97

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT.F)O

T0G9F]N

Q-C`[






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E<CMB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z,3$Y<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L
M9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([)SY&:7)S=!1



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0S(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@


P
#`P

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


M0T]



#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0S(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3


P
#`P




3EP

M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`[;6EN

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S(!S


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C=P



M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ





P
M
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R
M:6=H=#LG/C(P
3

T0G





P
#`P



#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3
\




T0G=VED


P
#`P

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-W!X



7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
30\+V9O;G0^





P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED






'!X.R!B;W)D


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3!P



M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`T+#
W
BXW/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G

P
#`P

T0G


M
#`P



M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M



P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S



#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-PX-S4N-SPO

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`T+#@X,2XX/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^

P
#`P



M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M:#H@



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-PT
M



7!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M



M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`T+#(X




#`P

M

P
#`P

M


M(S`P
#`P


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

@



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q+#8R.XS/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT


#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S


M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I





#`P
#MM:6XM


#`P
#`P.VUI


#`P
M


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG/B`Q+#4S

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#(P
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(P

T0G

P
#`P
#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/DYE=!E87)N:6YG



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z-W!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


#`P
#MM




M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V
'0M
M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-W!X
M.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



35P


M:#H@-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[


T0G

M
#`P


M;&4]

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HR


M0F%S:6

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ




M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
M,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-W!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@


P
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`P+C@W


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
35P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



P
#`P
#`[)SX@

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@
M,XV
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M-W!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
XU-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9`@


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\+V9O

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M




#`P

M)SXF(S$V


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P

T0G

P
#`P

T0G

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED

M9'1H.B`Q-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`P+C8P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

#`P
#`P.VUI


P
#`P
#`[



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`P+C4U



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
XS
M.#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXD/]F;VYT

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[


#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

#`P
#MM


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

M

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
XS,S`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`[
M)SX@
XT,3`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
35P



#%P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

Q


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#=P

M-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M9'1H.B`Q.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M



M(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL


#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S


#`P



#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



P
M
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#4U

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`U
BXW
SPO


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(#



35P


P
#`P

T0G

P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG
M/B`U
2XU

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

T0G=VED

M:61T:#H@


P
#`P
#`[)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#LG/B`U
2XU


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%

M;&4]


P
#`P


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`U-XT,#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(P
7!X.R!B;W)D97(M

G!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@($QO

'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

M

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


7!X

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU
M


P
#`P


M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P



#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXD/]F;VYT

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-39P




#`P



P
#`P



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M)W=I9'1H.B`U



M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`T-2XT
CPO9F]N









@









M5&EM97



M;'DZ5&EM97








M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E9C$S83,Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?
M.65F,5\V-&(V-S!E.#0Y-S0-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO968Q
V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&

M:&5E='
O4VAE970R-RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

]

54%424].($]&(%%504Q)1EE)



M

12!)22`M(%9A;'5A=&EO;B!O9B!1=6%L

]

54%4






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO



P
#`P

M(S$V


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO

M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M9'1H.B`U.7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M




M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
X
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
X
W!X




M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

#MT97AT+6%L:6=N
M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C,X,W!X.R<^
M/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P<'0[0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
M

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'


T0G=VED

M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P,3,\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



7!X.V)O


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
X

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SY!;&QO
M=V%N8V4@9F]R(&1O=6)T9G5L(&%C8V]U;G1S.CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO


6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S.#-P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q.2XY/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M
3
N

#`P
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



2XV

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


P
#`P
#`[)SX@



M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#4N



#`P
M


P
M
#`P


#`P



M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3-P






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



G!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G








P
M
#`P

W!X

G!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z



M:61T:#H@

M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

W!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ


M0T]


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG
M/B`R



T0G

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P





M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`T
#0N-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R


#`P


M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ


#`P
M




#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O

M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
X
W!X


P
#`P


L

M

M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ




M

M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P




P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R
S(N.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

X

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#
X

M=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO




#`P

Q


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ


P
#`P
#`[)SX@

M0T]


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-#=P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M
#L@

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M:71I;VYS(&-H87)G960@=&\@97AP96YS92P@:6YC;'5D:6YG('1R86YS;&%T
M:6]N(&%M;W5N='

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q
XV/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@.#(N-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO









M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI


P
#`P
#`[
M)SX@*#


M.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
X

T0G1D].

P
#`P



P
#`P
M



#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z






M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\


G!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W`M=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P


M;&4]


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R


3U(Z


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R





P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q-C@N-3PO9F]N=#X\



M)W=I9'1H.B`Q



M;&]R.B
P
#`P


6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H

M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H

M9'1H.B`R

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P





#`P




#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

T0G






3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,C(Q+C@\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
#L@


3-A
S$T7S1B
M83!?-&1C.%\Y968Q7S8T8C8W







]


]

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(U+`R






@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O







'!T





M;W1T;VTZ












'!T



Q



M960@87


]
T1R

T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


86YD+!=6EL9&EN9W








@=&\@


3!P=#LG

M9!I;B!B=6EL9&EN9W,@86YD(&5Q=6EP;65N=!U;G1I;!D:7-P;W-A;X@

















M

T0G;6%R



@3F5W(%)O


T0G





@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O



@;W(@8VAA



M;G

M97




M9R!G;V]D=VEL;P@:6UP86ER;65N=!H87

M;6%T97



N(%=E(&%L





M






@*'-U8V@@87


L(&QE

@:6X@86X@=6YC97)T86EN


L(&%N

@

M=&\@:&%V92!D969I;FET93PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A


F4Z,3!P=#LG/B!T
M;R`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@3F5W







[)SY0




@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M


M;'DZ5&EM97


F4Z,3!P=#LG/BP@/]F





3!P

M;&4]


M;'DZ5&EM97


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O



G,\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM
M97



M9FES8V%L(#(P



@=&AA=!C;W5L9!B92!P



'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P

M9VEN+6)O='1O;3H@

@86YD

L(&%R92!R979I97=E9!F;W(@:6UP
M86ER;65N=!W:&5N93PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL









M=F%L=64@:7


@


6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;BUT;W`Z
M

M86UI;'DZ5&EM97

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I


M



'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL



L

@97AP96YS97






M;V8@;&]A;G




M;65N='
@:6X@;W5R(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A;6EL



M;'DZ5&EM97


M9R!L;W-S97










T0G9F]N




M


@3F5W(%)O;6%N




@87)E('5N8V5R=&%I;BX@268@=V4@








T0G

@;W1H


'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O




3!P=#LG

@3F5W(%)O;6%N





3!P=#LG/G1H







M:7


@
M=7

@82!R961E96UA








@;VX@;W5R($
\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


M;'DZ5&EM97





@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O;G0M




M86UI;'DZ5&EM97





M






M5&EM97




M





M
'!T)SXF(S$V



T0G;6%R9VEN+71O

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT



'!T.R!M87)G:6XM

@




@:6YC;'5D92!S:&EP


N(%-A







M87)O=6YD('1H92!W;W)L9!A;F0@8GD@8VAA;FYE;X@5&AE(&%L;&]W86YC
M92!F;W(@9&]U8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='




M965M('1H92!A;6]U;G0@:7

M)B

M86QI9VX]


T0G9F]N

[;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z
'!X







@

@9F]R(&%N=&EC:7!A=&5D(')E;65D:6%T:6]N(&-O

M




]

'!T

M;'DZ5&EM97

'!T.V9O;G0M=V5I9VAT






'!T)SXF(S$V

T0G;6%R

'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^/'-P



]



3!P=#MF;VYT+7=E:6=H=#IB;VQD.V9O



@:6X@=&AE('EE87(@:6YC
M=7)R960N(%(F86UP.T0@:6YC;'5D97




@=&AA



M;VTZ
'!T)SXF(S$V



'!T)SXF(S$V


M;F-Y(%1R86YS;&%T:6]N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


M






@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O




M:71I97






\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@



@9G)O;2!F;W)E


@3F5W






M93HQ



'!T)SXF(S$V

T0G

'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\+W`^




M;BUB;W1T;VTZ





'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M.C!P

@3F5W(%)O;6%N





@;W(@;W1H97(@8V]M

M=6UE;G0@:7







M;65N='
F4Z,3!P=#LG/D%/0TD\
M+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O


M;FEN9W


M97





M/B8C








[;6%R
M9VEN+6QE9G0Z

M;BUT;W`Z


'!T.VUA
2`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y
M;&4]




@



@3F5W(%)O;6%N






@


@



3!P=#LG/F5D(%-T871E;65N='
@;V8@16%R;FEN9W
@86YD



'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M

'!T.R!M

M5&EM97





T0G


3!P=#LG/BP\+V9O;G0^/&9O





M=&5D(&-O;7!E;G-A=&EO;B!C;W-T(&ES(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6UM961I871E

M:6YD:79I9'5A;'








M

'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\


M
'!T)SXF(S$V



]
T1T97AT












L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!S979E







F4@=&AE('5N9&5R
M9G5N9&5D(&]R(&]V97)F=6YD960@<W1A='5S(&]F(&$@9&5F:6YE9!B96YE






@:6X@=&AE(&9U;F1E9!S=&%T=7,@:6X@=&AE
M('EE87(@:6X@=VAI8V@@=&AE(&-H86YG97,@;V-C=7(@=&AR;W5G:`\+V9O



]
T1R93X-

]





\+V9O;G0^/&9O


M+6QE9G0Z

M:6%L(%-T871E;65N='




L('9A;'5A=&EO;B!O9B!L





M86UI;'DZ5&EM97





M@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E9C$S83,Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?.65F,5\V
M-&(V-S!E.#0Y-S0-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO968Q
M
V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&

O
M4VAE970R.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T

M=#TB=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S8W)I

@0V]M;65N

]



]




]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@










M='1O;3H@



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE





M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D








#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#

M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(#


F4Z,3!P=#LG/F9I<V-A;`R

M(&]T:&5R(&5X:70@8V]S='

@
M87






P
#`P

W!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
Y

M;&4]

P
#`P




M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#
Y

M;W`M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P





M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P



'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M


G!T.R!M87)G

M97




M:70@8V]S='

@87
@9F]L;&]W



M


P
#`P

W!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T



P
#`P

M(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y
M;&4]


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R




M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P





M($5X:70@0V]S='

]






'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P




7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/D-O;G1R86-T(`T*

M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P







#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR






M97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

7!X.R!B;W)D97(M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
7!X


P
#`P


M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z





M

M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ


P
#`P
#`[

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V



M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P





7!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HV


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ


#`P
#MM:6XM


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H




M.B`R


P
M
#`P


P
#`P




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


#`P
M


T0G=VED=&@Z





M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
XQ/]F;VYT/CPO

M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`R



M87D@



#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M




T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#(Q-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P


P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V



7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HR





7!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
M-S0N

T0G=VED


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

M;&]R.B
P
#`P


M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`H,XQ*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV
M


P
#`P


W!X

7!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ



#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HV


P
#`P
#`[
M)SX@




7!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HV


P
#`P
#`[)SX@




M

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P
M.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[)SXR
#$T(&-H87)G97
L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!F
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]

M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q


P
#`P



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



BXT*3PO9F]N

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI


P
#`P
#`[



M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

M

P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR




T0G=VED=&@Z

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



G!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S+C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@

#`P
M







#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!

M(S`P
#`P







#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




3-A
S$T7S1B83!?-&1C.%\Y968Q
M7S8T8C8W






]




3XQ
B!-;VYT:'



]
M





P
#`P





'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M


P
#`P


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M;&4]



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S



#`P

T0G

P
#`P


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(U.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(U.'!X


P
#`P
#`[)SY';V]D=VEL;!A
M;F0@;W1H97(@:6YT86YG:6)L97,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M

'!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU
M


P
#`P
#`[)SX@-3
W+C(\

#`P
#`P



#`P


P
#`P
#`[
M)SX@
S


M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P




@86YD($-A

M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



'!X.R!B

7!X.V)O


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

C`Q-#PO9F]N



#`P

M)SXF(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z




#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P
M




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^



#`P

Q




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

@=&\@:F]I;G0@=F5N='5R97
\+V9O;G0^



#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


M


M(S`P
#`P






M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P



P
#`P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

\+V9O








#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


M

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

M9'1H.B`Q.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M



P
#`P
#`[)SX@-30N.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB
M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



#`P

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE





M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

6QE/3-$





M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D


]


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(T
G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

T0G=VED





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ




#`P
M


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

M;&4]

P
#`P


7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-G!X.R!B;W)D


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-39P

#MT97AT
M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C9P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HU


3=P



'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M0T]


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
BPQ
S(N
CPO9F]N=#X\
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F
M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT





P
M
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(T


P
#`P

M;&4]


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

X-BXY



M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M(S`P
#`P


T0G


M.B
P
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T




#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS




M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R+#0Y-XX/]F
#MB;W)D97(M8F]T


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-G!X



G!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


#`P
M



M=&@Z



M;W`M=VED=&@Z













P
#`P
#`[)SX@
2PP
S`N


M;W`M=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P



P
M
#`P


M;&4]


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;64@=&%X97

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


#`P
#MM



#`P



M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

XS/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

XS/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(T
G!X.R!B;W)D97(M

G!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(`@<W1Y;&4]


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z


M


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;&4]


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-3%P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M



T1T;W`^4W5M;6%R:7IE9!*;VEN
M=!696YT=7)E($)A;&%N8V4@4VAE970@;VX@

]



C4X


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

C`Q-#PO
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-W!X

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[






M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O


#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ


M.B`R

M=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4V

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

T0G

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
2PP.#@N
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R


#`P


6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-G!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P



M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR-3AP
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

XS/]F

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
M




M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3$U+C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO=&%B;&4^/]D


M9C$S83
Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?.65F

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4








]

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HS


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[

P
M
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
G!X




C8L(#(P
3


M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
P-W!X


P
#`P
#`[)SY';V]D=VEL;#PO

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`X+#8R


'!X

7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z




M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



P
#`P

M(S$V

G!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
M


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


M)W=I9'1H.B`V

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-PU
#0N
3PO9F]N=#X\

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

G!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HR


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW





L(`T*(`@(`@86YD(&]T:&5R(&9I;FET92UL

M9'1H.B`R

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(`@(!
97-S(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V
W!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H

M




M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-3$P+C(\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U.7!X.R!B;W)D



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V
W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

#$T+C

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P







'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P







M


M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,3,L-C,W+C,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\+W1R/CPO






M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q

'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M




M(S`P
#`P



M:61T:#H@

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z


#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X
'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ





M





M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY4;W1A


P
#`P
#`[;6EN


P
#`P
#`[




#`P







#`P

#L\
#L@8F]R


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,38R+C8\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
7!X.R!B;W)D97(M


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)B


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
G!X


P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(#DR


#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z



M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG/B`U
C0N


M.B`Q

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P
#`[)SX@-BPW-3`N.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT


#`P




#`P

#L\

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

XS/]F;VYT


#`P

M

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
G!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@




P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V



M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Y
M-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN


P
#`P
#`[


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q


#`P

M)B



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$R



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


T0G=VED

M9'1H.B`Q

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P





M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



P
#`P



M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ





G!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED


M;&4]


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T



P
#`P

M(S$V

T0G=VED=&@Z

M=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG/D)A;&%N8V4@87
@;V8@36%Y(#(W+`R,#$R/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ




#`P



P
#`P

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@.3(Q+C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\
M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ




#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@-#4X+C

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@.PQ.#(N-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ.35P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I




7!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


M.B`X

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX


P
#`P
M
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z,7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3)P

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M



G!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ


#`P
#MM


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$Y-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P


P
#`P



G!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

6QE/3-$)W=I

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;&4]




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



#`P



M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


P
#`P
#`[

M;&4]


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-39P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ






M9'1H.B`Q

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P







'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ






C`Q
SPO9F]N

G!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



P
#`P

M(S$V

#MT97AT+6%L:6=N
M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M



M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-S=P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

7!X.R!B;W)D97(M


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)B


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
G!X



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX
M


P
#`P
#`[)SX@.3(Q+C$\






7!X.R!B;W)D97(M


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)B


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
G!X



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M



3U(Z

#`P
M


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

M:61T:#H@
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX

T0G1D].

P
#`P
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P
M,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED

M9'1H.B`Q

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P




#`P



#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


T0G

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL


#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
G!X


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


M
#`P




#`P

M
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-G!X.R!B

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX



P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


#`P

M
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-W!X.R!B

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


P
#`P
#`[





P
#`P
#`[



#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA






P
#`P




#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ



T0G


P
#`P

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HX

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@.3(Q+C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@








'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



'0M86QI
M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,7!X.R<^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




]



P
#`P

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY5+E
N(%)E=&%I;#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


#`P
#MM




M:#H@


M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)





P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V


P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HR






M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`W
BXY


#LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
31P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG
M/B`S+#@Q


3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[)SY!8W%U:7-I=&EO;G,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


#`P



M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

#4P+C


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^




M)W=I9'1H.B`W-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z
M(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P

M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
W!X



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@
M*#,N-RD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-'!X.R!B

M

#`P
#MM:6XM




#`P

T0G

P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#(P-XQ*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M




M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(P



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%





#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


M
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@


M


M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

S0T+C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;&4]


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





M;&]R.B
P
#`P





3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SY!8W%U:7-I=&EO;G,\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R
XP/]F


#`P

M(S$V

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P

M)SXF(S$V

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M/B8C


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
S$P

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^



#`P

Q


#`P

M)B



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$U



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
W!X

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[



#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W.'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H

M:#H@


M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



M;&4]


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-3EP
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


M;&4]


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

L
S$R+C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,2PV,S@N,CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@



#`P




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M;&]R.B
P
#`P




M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D]T:&5R(&%C=&EV:71Y

M

T0G=VED

#`P
M


#`P
M


M;&]R.B
P
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB
M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(P
G!X

M=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W-7!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[



M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
XU/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#(P

M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M87D@
C4L(#(P

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\


G!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S+#

M
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L
M;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-SAP



M=VED=&@Z






P
#`P



P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@-C4N



P
#`P
#`[




P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U

V$S
31?-&)A
M
%\T9&

M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V5F
3-A
S$T7S1B83!?-&1C.%\Y968Q7S8T8C8W
&4X-#DW






]

M:R!-86YA9V5M96YT($%C=&EV:71I97

]
T1T


#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S

M($%#5$E6251)15
L($%.1!&04E2(%9!3%5%4R!;06)S=')A8W1=/]S=')O


6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`Q

M97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I



'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


#`P

M)SXF(S$V

T0G=VED=&@Z

M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P
M

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


P
#`P
#`[


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$P-'!X

#L@8F]R9&5R+71O<US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M=&]P+7=I
6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



T0G=VED



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


M0T]


M9'1H.B`Q

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E





M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/DEN

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S


3-P
6QE/3-$)W=I

M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$S


#`P
#MM:6XM


W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P








M



#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO



#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ


#$T/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@





M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[




M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P







T0G


#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL


M.B
P
#`P






M;&]R.B
P
#`P




M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^




M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T.7!X.R!B;W)D97(M


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M/B8C
#MT97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M/B8C



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,S$X+C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,3,T+C`\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

Q.XX/]F;VYT

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT



P
#`P


M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`P
M+C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)



T0G=VED=&@Z(#1P

M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P




P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%

M
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U.7!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q+C@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS




#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@



M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q



M;&]R.B
P
#`P


M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`V+C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




W!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T



P
#`P

M(S$V

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z







'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

R
XT/]F



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


P
#`P



#`P
M


P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@
3

#`P
M


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




7!X


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

R-BXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@








3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,30P+C4\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M




W!X.R!B

7!X.V)O


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M

M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






P
#`P
#`[5$58



#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

#`P
#MM:6XM




M.B`Q-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%



P
#`P
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P
M



#`P






P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

2!Y


M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT

T0G1D].

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
S$V+CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


M
#`P


P
#`P


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T




#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/E1O=&%L/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D



#`P



P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HT


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
S(P


G!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S
C8N


]

]
M


M:61T:#H@

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#
V-G!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/DEN($UI;&QI;VYS/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@



6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O



M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U
'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

C`Q

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G

P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#
V-G!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



W!X

7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%


#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
M
#`P


#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


P
#`P
M

'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
W!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M:61T:#H@-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3

'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M



P
#`P
#`[)SX@

M;&4]


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-3!P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M







'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



'0M86QI
M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-W!X.R<^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M:#H@


M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`H,3`T+C(I/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^


6QE/3-$8F]R9&5R+6-O;&QA<'-E


P
#`P
#`[)SY);B!-:6QL:6]N
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#DP


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


34\+V9O;G0^


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HY
M

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z


M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/C4N-R4@;F]T97,@9'5E($9E8G)U87)Y(#$U
M+`R



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

@9'5E($9E

T0G

P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R+C

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P


P
#`P



M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(#$W+C

@9'5E($IU;F4@


#`P

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(W

T0G

P
#`P

34L
M(#(P-#

M.B`Y

M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P


6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

P
#`P
#`[;6EN
M+7=I9'1H.C(Q

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M
2`R-2P@,C`Q-#PO9F]N
M=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,
M63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#LG(\^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P

Q-C`[


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@

C8L(#(P
3

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q
M

M

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%



P
#`P

T0G


M
#`P


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y
M;&4]



#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P

T0G=VED

#`P
M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M
#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


6QE/3-$

M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%
6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P


M0T]



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(`@<W1Y;&4]

M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`P+C4\

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`P+C0\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@


P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q
M

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%

@+2!N;W1I
M;VYA;!A;6]U;G0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M


P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!
M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG(\^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`R-3`N,#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#LG(\^




M;W`Z
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V-'!X.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C8T
M<'@[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9!C;VQS<&%N/3-$
3

M9'1H.B`X


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E









7!X.V)O







7!X



M=VED=&@Z






#`P






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

Q-C`[





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV-'!X



7!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY
:6%B:6QI=&EE

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


P
#`P
M


M;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^



M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M



T0G=VED=&@Z

M=&@Z



M:&5E=`H92D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-C1P

M-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN


T0G=VED

#`P
#`P



P
#`P
M


M97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%



M;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^



M
#`P


P
#`P




#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%


M970@:6X@=&AE($)A;&%N8V4@4VAE970@*&$I/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@






3U(Z






M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E

M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT



M(S`P
#`P



P
#`P

M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#MM:6XM


P
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P




#`P



P
#`P
#`[5$58







M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#8T

#`P
#MM:6XM


P
#`P
#`[)SXD


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXD(T\


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV-'!X




M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M




M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SXD(T\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\

M(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0@*#0N
D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@

M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0@

M;&4]


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SXD(T\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P



#`P

T0G1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/DEN=&5R97-T(')A=&4-B`@(`@8V]N=')A8W1S/]F


#`P


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D




#`P

T0G

#`P
#MM


P
#`P
#`[
M)SX@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#8Q

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





#`P


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


P
#`P

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

3U(Z


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`Q,XU



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C8T

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`H.XP*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT

M(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P
6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[0T]
3U(Z


#`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#LG/B`H,3DN,2D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4
M:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[0T]



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#$Q+C$I/]F




XS/]F



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

M
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SXD(#
P+C




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0@
3@N.3PO

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV



M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P






#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0@
3$N-#PO9F]N=#X\

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
M
#`[)SXD(T\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-C1P



'!T.R!M

T0G;6%R9VEN+71O









3!P=#MM




@3F5W(%)O




3!P=#LG/E

M;&4]



3!P=#MM87)G:6XM


@3F5W



@3F5W(%)O












#`P


M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C@S
M

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY-87D@
C8L(#(P
3
\+V9O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

#`P
#`P


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z


#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S





#`P

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS





#`P






#`P

Q-C`[





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV-'!X



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#MM




M(S`P
#`P



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P






M;W`M=VED=&@Z

M
#`P












M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P

CAP







M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z
M(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/DEN($UI;&QI;VYS/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

@;V8@4F5C;V=N



M
#`P


P
#`P



M

#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY.970@06UO



M;W`M=VED=&@Z


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%


7!X.W1E

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T








M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


7!X








M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P




P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P






#`P

M




M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

T0G


M
#`P


P
M
#`P


#`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P
M,#LG/B0@*#,N.2D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG



M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SXD(@S+CDI/]F;VYT



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

P
#`P


M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q

#`P
#MM


P
#`P
#`[
M)SX@
3`N

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`M



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C8T

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N








#`P

T0G1D].

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE
M<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[0T]

M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


M($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
M

M=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P







M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SY4;W1A

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


P
#`P
#`[)SXD(#8U+C@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS




M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED

M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B0@*#$N-RD\+V9O;G0^/]T



M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B0@-#0N-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T





C4N

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0@*#4N


G!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P




@3F5W(%)O;6%N









M;'DZ5&EM97








M;W1T;VTZ


@3F5W(%)O




3!P=#LG/D
\+V9O;G0^/&9O



3!P=#LG









M86UI;'DZ5&EM97





3!P=#LG
M/E



M




3!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F

@86YD(&QI86)I;&ET

@8F%S:7
@:6X@=&AE($-O;G-O;&ED




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY-87D@
C4L(#(P

M.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(U

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N

@;V8@07-S971S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

M9B!

P
#`P
#`[)SY);B!-:6QL

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z




M
#`P


C)P
6QE/3-$)W=I

M=VED=&@Z


T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P

M9'1H.B`R

M=VED=&@Z


M;&4]


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)

T0G


M.B
P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ






#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO



#`P



M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P







P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
M
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

'!X.R!B;W)D97(M



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M



C)P


M.B`R

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[


T0G

T0G


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z







M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@26YT

@*&$I(AB*2`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)


P
#`P

P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I


P
#`P


P
#`P

M:61T:#H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

M:#H@

M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


P
M
#`P


P
#`P



'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


@*&

M.B`Q

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`Y
M+CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G

P
M
#`P


P
#`P


'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`M



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(R



P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0T

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q
#MB;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M
#`P





M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


G!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T






P
#`P





M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\



M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M



6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R
G!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


T0G=VED=&@Z(#1P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z



M:#H@


M)W=I9'1H.B`R

M;W`M=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P


M;&4]


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT-'!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(R

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M9'1H.B`R

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



#`P

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(R


M9'1H.B`R

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



M9'1H.B`R

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P



G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


M.B
P
#`P




#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-#9P


T0G=VED

P
#`P
M



P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#(Q
'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q


P
M
#`P

@*&

'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T




M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z



#`P

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE


#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


@*&

'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T



P
#`P

M(S$V

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



G!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M.B`Q

M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P


M1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`M/]F;VYT

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C)P


#`P
#MM:6XM


M;&4]




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HR



P
#`P


M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H
M.C(Q


P
#`P
#`[)SY4;W1A
M;`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M
6QE/3-$

M;W`M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-7!X.R!B;W)D97(M



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

M
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S


G!X.R!B;W)D




T0G=VED=&@Z(#0V


P
#`P





#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
M



T0G=VED=&@Z(#0T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW



#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HR



P
#`P
#`[

6QE/3-$

M;W`M=VED=&@Z

M
#`P


M;&4]



#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S






M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P



6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R
M

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P



M;&4]

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0T



M

T0G=VED

#`P
M


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M=&UE;G1S(AA*2`H9BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@

T0G

P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

G!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HR


#`P
#MM



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3!P



M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q




M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M
6QE/3-$

M;W`M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

Q.XX/]F;VYT



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
G!X



7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G










#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(R





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0V

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR





M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-#1P


M:#H@


P
#`P


7!X.V)O


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;&4]


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[5$58



#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,S8S+C@\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T



'!X.R!B;W)D97(M







#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


G!X.R!B

7!X.V)O





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT-G!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)




M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





'!T

T0G;6%R9VEN



'!T.VUA





3!P=#LG/G!R97!A
M:60@97AP96YS97
@86YD(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A

M;'DZ5&EM97




M97



'!T

M;'DZ5&EM97



M




M93HQ

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B


'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M

@3F5W(%)O








T0G;6%R9VEN

'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


3!P=#LG/B8C
38P
M.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C


M;W)T960@=')A;G-A8W1I;VYS(&EN('1H92!M87)K971P;&%C92X\+V9O;G0^


#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V

@;V8@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K

M

'!T)SXF(S$V
#L\


'!T.R!M87)G:6XM8F]T=&]M

T1B;W)D97(M8V]L;&%P





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C4P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY-87D@
C8L(#(P
3
\+V9O



M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([
M)SY-87D@
C8L(#(P
3



M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(U
M

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z

@;V8@





M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.




P
#`P

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO



#`P



M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P







P
#`P

7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P





'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C1P


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)


M3&5V96P@

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z




M(S`P
#`P



M
6QE/3-$

M;W`M=VED=&@Z


T0G=VED

P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q



M.B
P
#`P





M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M


#LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C



6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R
7!X

7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z




M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

@
M*&$I(AB*2`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3-P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%


3U(Z

M.B`R

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


P
#`P
M

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3`N
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB
M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P

T0G

P
#`P

'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT

T0G1D].

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
M,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G

P
M
#`P


M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#$N-BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G

P
M
#`P



M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@







M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-#1P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M






P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED





M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

C%P
6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`T

M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

M
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



#`P



P
#`P

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO



#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#$N-BD\+V9O;G0^





P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED




7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


#`P
#MM


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q



M.B
P
#`P





M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M


#LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C



6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R
7!X

7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z




M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



#`P


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

7!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HR


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HT


T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[


M)W=I9'1H.B`R

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL


#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

M

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q

P
#`P
#`[;6EN




7!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HR


#`P
#MM




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I




7!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HR


#`P
#MM:6XM




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I




7!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HR


#`P
#MM:6XM





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

\+V9O;G0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M




P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M



#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#
N.2D\+V9O;G0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M



#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#
N.2D\+V9O;G0^

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HR


@*&
I(AE*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D


M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

7!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M(S`P
#`P




M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-#9P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


7!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M(S`P
#`P


XT*3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9`@

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB
M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,C$P<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S









7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P







7!X.R!B

7!X.V)O


T0G=VED=&@Z



M

M


T0G





M;&4]






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
S0N-BD\+V9O




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q


#`P
#MM:6XM



7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


#`P
M


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R
#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q,'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P






#`P

M)SXF(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



T0G=VED=&@Z(#0V

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW



#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HR



P
#`P
#`[

6QE/3-$

M;W`M=VED=&@Z

M
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q
'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q

M;&4]

P
#`P

@86YD(&QI86)I


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

M)B


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT-'!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q

P
#`P
#`[;6EN



#`P
M


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



#`P

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

XU/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P

#L\

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\



7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q
'!X


P
#`P
#`[)SY4;W1A;`\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



7!X.V)O


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z




#`P
M


P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@
3

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






M;&]R.B
P
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB
M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




7!X.V)O


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(T\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

C%P
6QE/3-$)W=I

M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P





L(&QI86)I;&ET:65S
M+!A;F0@9&5R:79A=&EV92`-B!P;W-I=&EO;G


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z






'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C%P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

C%P

M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`Q.30N,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T











7!X.R!B;W)D97(M



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)

M
#`P


M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@






#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M
#LF(S$V

@86YD(&EN=F5S=&UE;G1S(&%R92!R

M97



M







3!P=#MM87)G:6XM;&5F=#HP+C8T.3DY

T0G



3!P=#LG
M/B8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.U1H


@;W(@87






M93HQ

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[0F%S960@;VX@;V)S97)V86)L92!M87)K970@=')A;G-A8W1I;VYS




#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V

@





M93HQ

Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B


M;BUT;W`Z


]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(R-G!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



M;&4]




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P


P
#`P
M

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY&



G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HY
M

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

M='

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0S(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P.7!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ


P
#`P



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M




M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P.7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T



7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q

P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M




M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

#L@8F]R9&5R+71O<US




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
#EP


P
M
#`P




M0T]











M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG
M/C(P
3


7!X.R!B

7!X.V)O


T0G=VED=&@Z

M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3







T0G=VED=&@Z(#


M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H
M=#LG/C(P
3


7!X

7!X


T0G=VED

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3








M;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R
M:6=H=#LG/C(P
3


3U(Z


#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
M


M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z






M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C

7!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


M

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z






M;&]R.B
P
#`P


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@06UO


M;&4]
#L@


M)W=I9'1H.B`R

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

T0G1D].5U&
M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,3DN,3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R

#`P
#MM:6XM


P
#`P
#`[)SX@


#`P

M;&4]



#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


M(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I




#`P

M


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q

T0G

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

#`P
#MM


#`P
M


P
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

M6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO



T0G=VED=&@Z(#0T

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M

M.B
P
#`P


M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G

P
M
#`P




#`P


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`T

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M



#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


P
#`P
M





#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE
M<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[0T]



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H





#`P

T0G1D].


M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

M6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,XT


#`P
#`P


M)W=I9'1H.B`R

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL


#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

M)B


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS-G!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M9'1H.B`R

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D





#`P

M)SXF(S$V

7!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HR


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


T0G

P
M
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO



P
#`P

M(S$V

7!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
M


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


T0G=VED

P
#`P
M




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@($%M;W5N=!O9B!N970@9V%I;B!R

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]

M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,XX



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q




M
#`P



#`P
M

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

M(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT-'!X

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`M/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


M9'1H.B`R

M



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^

M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M



T0G=VED=&@Z(#


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


M.B`S-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[
M;6EN+7=I9'1H.C





M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

C(V

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M1&5R:79A=&EV97



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y
M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]

M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\
#LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y
M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]

M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\
#LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

I(')E8V]G
M;FEZ960@:6X@96%R;FEN9W

M



#`P






#`P
#`P


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M(S`P
#`P



P
#`P







7!X.R!B;W)D

G!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I






M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
7!X





M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


P
#`P

T0G









'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT


3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.R8C
M
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.T5F9F5C=&EV92!P


#LF(S$V
#LF
M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V

M;&4]

\+V9O;G0^




@


6QE/3-$)VUA<F=I;BUT;W`Z
'!T.R!M87)G:6XM

@





3!P=#LG/F%I
F4Z,3!P=#LG/FQO<W,\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y
M;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97

M









N(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


3!P=#LG/F5S




M



M
3!P=#LG/B8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
38P.R8C
M





3!P=#LG/G)E8V]G;FEZ
M960@:6X@96%R;FEN9W
@:7



'!T




@3F5W


\



T1T;W`^4V-H961U;&4@;V8@069T97(M=&%X($%M
M;W5N='


M;BUT;W`Z


P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$U

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z







'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M
#L@8F]R9&5R+71O<US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M=&]P+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW



P
M
#`P



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9
M.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

63H@

P
#`P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS



#`P





MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&

M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V5F
3-A
S$T7S1B83!?
M-&1C.%\Y968Q7S8T8C8W






M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]



]



M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$T

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S



M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY-87D@
C4L
M(#(P

M:#H@

M:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

#MT97AT+6%L
M:6=N.F-E;G1E<CMB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,30Y
M<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!C96YT97([)SY-87D@,C8L(#(P,3,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T
W!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;&4]







M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX-'!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)


MDEN=&5R97-T(%)A=&4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@
6QE



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV-W!X


P
#`P







M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





#`P

Q-C`[


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

T0G=VED

T0G=VED

#`P
M






M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.


P
#`P
#`[;6EN



M;W`M=VED=&@Z

M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


M
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M




#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M/B8C

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS


W!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


#`P
M


M


#`P
M



M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$T



P
#`P
#`[)SY4;W1A;#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




M;W`M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P

M)SXF(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


M)W=I9'1H.B`S

M;W`M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I

#`P
#`P.VUI


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U.3DN-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO



#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@







]

M;&4]



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/DEN($)I






M(S`P
#`P






M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



P
#`P
M






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,2XW/]F;VYT

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



P
#`P


M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



3U(Z







M;&]R.B
P
#`P

T0G

P
#`P

T0G




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

M;&4]

P
#`P
#`[)SX@


#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T




M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M

M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


]
M





P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



C4L(#(P
30\



#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS
3=P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M




#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA


G!X.R!B;W)D97(M



P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M
2PQ-3`N

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS



#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M

34L(#(P
M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
2PP
#`N


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M)SX@-S4P+C`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
C)P

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG/B`W-3`N

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS



T0G=VED

#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

C`R
#PO9F]N
#LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C@Y

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

M=64@2G5N92`Q-2P@
C`T
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
M

M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U
#`N
#PO9F]N=#X\

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

XP/]F;VYT

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
Q-W!X.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H
M.C


P
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/C
N

C`R-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]

M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG
M/B`U
#`N


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

M:#H@

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%


#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y
M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U
#`N
#PO9F]N

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

XP/]F

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
Q-W!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I
M9'1H.C


P
#`P
#`[5$58


#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z




#`P

M

P
#`P



#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@
M;&5F=#LG/C$N-34E(&YO=&5S(&1U92!-87D@
38L(#(P

M97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

P
#`P
M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

P

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#
Q-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C


P
#`P
6QE/3-$)W=I

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/D9L;V%T:6YG+7)A=&4@;F]T97

M
C@L(#(P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN



P
#`P
#`[)SX@

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^


T0G=VED=&@Z(#
Q-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C



P
#`P
#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG
M/DUE9&EU;2UT97)M(&YO=&5S+`P+C`R)2!T;R`V+C0E+!D=64@9FES8V%L
M(#(P,34@;W(@;&%T97(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@


M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,C`T+C(\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R
#0N
CPO9F]N=#X\



M97

T0G=VED=&@Z


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@



M=&@Z

#`P
#`P



#`P
M

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)





M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\


T0G=VED=&@Z(#
Q-W!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%




#`P
M

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#$L,C4P+C8I/]F;VYT/CPO

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


M+#0T

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



M

#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z.#EP


M:61T:#H@




V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&
X7SEE9C%?-C1B

Z+V5F
3-A
M
S$T7S1B83!?-&1C.%\Y968Q7S8T8C8W

'0O:'1M;#L@






3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'


1$52


]

;W-S*2!;5&%B;&4@5&5X=!;&]C:UT\+W1D/@T*


#!P


#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$U-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P

#L@8F]R9&5R+71O<US='EL




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



P
#`P
M



35P
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z






#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M


M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P

P
#`P
M


M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E



M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



#`P

38P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-7!X



7!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HU


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


P
#`P





M;&4]


M:#H@

7!X.R!B;W)D





S$N
3PO9F]N=#X\

M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$U

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/D]T:&5R(&-O
M;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE(AL;W-S*3H\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^



M97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V
W!X.R!B;W)D97(M



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X-7!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W
M

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC;VQO

#`P


P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H-S$N.D\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[0T]



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

M.B`Q-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[


M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`Q.2XQ/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

R-RXR



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$U






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R
#8N
#PO9F]N


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX-7!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)
M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z





M:#H@

T0G

M
#`P



W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[


M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)
M6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`P+C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

W!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HV

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`P+C
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG

M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

W!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HU

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].
M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-RXT/]F;VYT/CPO



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD
M.T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`X<'0[
M0T]



#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


T0G

P
M
#`P




#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV



#`P



#`P

Q-C`[


#`P

Q


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW

M)B

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


P
#`P
#`[)SX@

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M



P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U-W!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M='




T0G=VED



M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P

M)B

M5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`H-C4N,2D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@



#`P



M

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


M
#`P


P
#`P









P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$R


#`P
#MM:6XM


P
#`P
#`[)SX@-#
X+C
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M*#$Y

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z




M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R-#4N
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


#`P

Q




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C@U

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S.XY/]F;VYT

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U-W!X.R!B

7!X.V)O







M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

Q




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$U


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HU


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


P
#`P
#`[)SX@

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



P
#`P

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


'!T.R!M

T0G;6%R9VEN+71O


















M



M






M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)SXF(S$V





3U(Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-7!X



7!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%




#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US

M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

T0G=VED

M:61T:#H@








M=VED=&@Z


M;&4]


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

T0G=VED








M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z


#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M;&4]












M:61T:#H@







M
2PX-34N

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


P
#`P
#`[



#`P

T0G
M1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`X+C`\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

7!X

7!X



CDN
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P




#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



M
#`P


M;&4]


M;&]R.B
P
#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`X-7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W
7!X.R!B;W)D97(M



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

#`P
#`P.VUI


P
#`P
#`[



W!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU
W!X

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`H,3DN.D\+V9O

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



P
#`P


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
35P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`Q,XS


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
35P


38W

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M

M.B
P
#`P


M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M

M.B
P
#`P


M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
S$N
RD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




M0T]

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P


M4CH@(S`P
#`P

M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3)P




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



#`P
#`P


#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL


#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S


#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW


W!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HU

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`Q
M+C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

W!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HV

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`P
M+C@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

M;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@(`@
M2&5D9V4@9&5R:79A=&EV97,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C
N



#`P

T0G1D].

T0G

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


#`P


P
#`P

G!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HU


#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


T0G=VED

P
#`P
M


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@(`@($AE9&=E

M9'1H.B`Q

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
34N

3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#0N-2D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P


P
#`P

M9'1H.B`W

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW




M0T]
3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@(`@($%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;B!O9B!L;W-S97
@







3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,34Y
M+CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG/B`H-C$N



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

M

M;&4]





#`P


T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4
M+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P

Q-C`[

M;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P
#`[)SY/=&AE

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU








M;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H







M=&@Z




M=&@Z


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/E1O=&%L(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z




P
M
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



P
#`P

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HV




#`P
#`P





7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T












M)SY

@


M;&4]

'!T)SX\9F]N


M93HQ

M5&EM97






T0G




#EP


#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$W-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P

#L@8F]R9&5R+71O<US='EL




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



P
#`P
M



35P
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z






#`P
#`P


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&
M3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M


M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P

P
#`P
M


M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E



M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



#`P

38P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-W!X



7!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HU


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


P
#`P





3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!

T0G=VED

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


P
#`P

#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$W-W!X.R<^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
M,T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D]T:&5R(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@:6YC;VUE
M(AL;W-S*3H\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3EP

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





M.B
P
#`P





M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT



M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\
#L@

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@(!&



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG
M/B`H


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$W

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%

M04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[


M3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG/B`H


T0G=VED

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M)W=I9'1H.B`W

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



P
#`P

M(S$V

M;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

M;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S
#@N-3PO


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#4P-XV


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`M/]F



P
#`P


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

6QE/3-$

3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@(`@(%-E8W5R:71I97
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


I/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

M(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`P+C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D




M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D




#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


P
#`P


#`P


P
#`P


W!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU
M

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`H.#`N.D\

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3=P





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$U


M=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C

M($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D


#`P

Q


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3AP




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

W!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HU


W!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HU



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3`N
M


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T

T0G1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`M/]F



P
#`P


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG




#`P


M6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q
S$N-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U
W!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4S

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


35P


P
#`P
#`[

6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D]T:&5R(&-O;7!R96AE;G-I=F4@
#MB

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M
#`P


P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@*#$L

T0G





#`P






P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#AP=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H-3$N
M


7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z




#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW


M




M0T]

#MB

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS




M;&]R.B
P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU






P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

#`P
#MM:6XM


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M.#


M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#0T+C

M


M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%





P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@.'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P






F4Z,3!P=#LG/DQO<W,\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y
M;&4],T0G9F]N=UF86UI;'DZ5&EM97

M


3!P


3!P=#LG

M=#L@;6%R9VEN+6)O='1O;3HQ
'!T)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT+69A



]

;W-S*2!;5&%B;&4@5&5X=!;&]C:UT\+W1D


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS
S1P




M;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ


C4L(#(P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ




C8L(#(P
3

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P






M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%


#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,3DQ+C,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C8S+C$\+V9O;G0^

M.B
P
#`P



7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

Q

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


M:#H@
S

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

M)W=I9'1H.B`S

'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P





M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

S
T

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z
S

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG


M(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`H,2PT-CDN
M,BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




T0G=VED=&@Z(#8Q

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG
M/B`H
2PX



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS




#`P

M)SXF(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V
M

M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H

W!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$S

6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`S


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S


P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV
M

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z


M;&]R.B
P
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


7!X.R!B;W)D97(M



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


3-A
S$T7S1B83!?
M-&1C.%\Y968Q7S8T8C8W





]

T1)1#!%2D-!0SX-B`@(`@

]


#$T/&)R/CPO


]





#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC;VQO<CHC
#`P
#`P.VUI


#`P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%





#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



P
#`P
M





M=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S
M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG(\^
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T





P
#`P



#LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-31P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%






M;&4]

P
#`P




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG
M/B0@-2XX.#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)R`O


#`P

M
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SQF


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



P
#`P



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


M0T]




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M0T]



M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P



M;&4]



#`P

T0G

P
#`P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE

M
#`P


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


#`P
#MM:6XM


M0T]


#`P



P
#`P



M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



P
#`P

#L@8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C)P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M0T]


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

M;&4]



#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT



M;&4]


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

N
SPO
M9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.

]
M

]






T0G=VED


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V.'!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/E=E:6=H=&5D+4%V97)A

P
#`P
#`[5$58

M9'




T0G=VED=&@Z


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-CEP


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SY

C`Q

W!X.R!B;W)D97(M



P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


P
#`P
#`[5$58


\+V9O


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@($=R86YT960\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S

P
#`P
#`[;6EN



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

RD\+V9O;G0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M










T0G=VED


M;&4]


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M9B!-87D@



#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




M
C4N
#MT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HX


P
#`P


M0T]




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M)W=I9'1H.B`X

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX


P
#`P

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$V.7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\




M.B`Q

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$V.7!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@1F]R




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HX


P
#`P

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT
#L@8F]R9&5R+71O<US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M=&]P

P
#`P
M


P
M
#`P



M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`R
M.2PR.3`N
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
W!X.R!B;W)D97(M



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC

#`P




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT




P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[




S

W!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ


#`P
#MM:6XM


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG



M.B
P
#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P


M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M/B8C

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


#`P
M


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


3$N-BD\+V9O

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI


P
#`P
#`[




P
#`P
M




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%

BXX/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@



P
#`P



M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4


M)SX@
C@N

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

W!X.R!B

7!X.V)O


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





@86YD(&EN=')I

]





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

#MT97AT+6%L:6=N
M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(Q-'!X.R<^
M/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P<'0[0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
M
#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/DEN($UI;&QI;VYS/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z







7!X.V)O


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%

C`Q

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R
M:6=H=#LG/C(P


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM






#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M

P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

P
XX/]F;VYT/CPO







#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P





#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M)SX@,38V+C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3EP


P
#`P
#`[





#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@

W!X.R!B;W)D97(M

G!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%


3U(Z


]
T1T97AT


M

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M1#



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%


3-P


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
7!X



7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/E-H87)E+5-E='1L
M960@56YI='


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%




M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V.'!X.R!B;W)D97(M



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P





M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^



#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


M56YI='

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P







M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

#0R+C(\+V9O

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT



#`P

M)SXF(S$V

W!X.R!B;W)D97(M



P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M
#L@



7!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%


#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@

6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-#@N-#D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P



M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-#@N,SD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P





#`P

T0G

P
#`P


#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^


'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW



P
#`P
#`[)SX@


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,C@N,SD\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C8X

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[
M;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Y


P
#`P
M







'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V.'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C8X

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S.2XU-3PO

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


3%P


#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


P
#`P
#`[)SY.


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ






M.B
P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,C0Y+C4\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




T0G=VED=&@Z


P
#`P




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS




M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S-BXU
CPO9F]N


]

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R
M

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

6QE/3-$)W=I

M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z




M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3
\+V9O




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Y


#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z




#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
M
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M;&4]


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P




6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
W!X.R!B;W)D97(M



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ.7!X



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HU


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
BPW


3U(Z



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)


M
3-A
S$T7S1B83!?-&1C.%\Y968Q7S8T8C8W





]

T1)1#!%



]
T1T:#Y-
M87D@
C4L(#(P




]
T1R

T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#
S-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S


M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H
M.C



M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
M

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[


M(S`P
#`P



W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P










#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M.B`W

M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q+#@R-XT/]F;VYT/CPO




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

T0G=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV
'!X


P
#`P
#`[)SX@

SPO


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I
M9'1H.C



#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P
#`[



M9'1H.B`Q

M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M


M

M


M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



S

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D%V97)A9V4@;G5M8F5R(&]F
M(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97
@+2!B87-I8R!%4%
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-7!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


M9'1H.B`S

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
W!X


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW
M




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



#`P
#MM


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M9'1H.B`V

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@
3(N
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z-7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@

T0G

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q

M0T]





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2



W!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
W!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
'0M86QI
M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3-P


S
U



M9!%4%,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M.B`W

M=&@Z


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F
M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V
'!X.R!B;W)D



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




3-P
6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`V

M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

M1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/C(N.3`\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM


M:61T:#H@
S


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@0V%L:6)R:3M&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXM(#PO9F]N=#X\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/F1I;'5T960\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

T0G=VED=&@Z


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

BXX
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT


#`P

#L\



#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@

#`P
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
BXS-3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


M;6%R9VEN+6QE9G0Z

M(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#LF(S$V
#L\+V9O




@9G)O;2!S=&]C






M16%R;FEN9W
@4&5R(%-H87)E(%M486)L92!497AT($)L;V-K73PO=&0^#0H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\


#`P

M

P
M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R



#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S


#`P



3EP


#`P
#`P


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H
M=#LG/C(P

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[


M(S`P
#`P









3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'







M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-C%P


M.B`Q

M=&@Z








MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&

M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V5F
3-A
S$T7S1B83!?
M-&1C.%\Y968Q7S8T8C8W







M96UE;G0@0F5N969I='

M1'1H(&-O;'-P86X]



]



]


]



M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#
W
G!X.R!B

M

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$R

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4


M)SXR



T0G=VED=&@Z



#$S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/]T


P
#`P


M;&4]




M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C@N



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/E)A=&4@


M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ




P
#`P
#`[;6EN





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M92!R871E(')E86-H97
@=&AE('5L=&EM871E('1R96YD(')A=&4\+V9O;G0^

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3(Q

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ



]


C!P

P
#`P
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(`@<W1Y;&4]


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%

31P


#`P
#`P


P
#`P


7!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@




P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S



#`P

T0G

P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#


#`P





M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$T


#`P
#`P.VUI



3U(Z


M



7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@


P
#`P

M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C)P


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.

G!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


M




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



M

M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$R


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

P
#`P
#`[;6EN
M+7=I9'1H.C$R

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



3%P

M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



M:61T:#H@


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!


T0G
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y
M;&4]






M)SXR


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI


M1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P,30\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@

M=&@Z




M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
M,3,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
G!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


P
#`P
M


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M9'1H.B`Q

M=VED=&@Z






M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

C`Q
SPO


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


P
#`P
#`[5$58

#LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]



#`P

M)B





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU
M




T0G=VED=&@Z(#4X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


M:61T:#H@
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
M


M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL






#`P




#`P

6QE/3-$
M)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P

P
#`P
M



#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-#,V+CD\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M)SX@,S4X+C@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
G!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



M:61T:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M




M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

XR/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]

M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`V.3@N-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB
M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ



#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


P
#`P
#`[





#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


P
#`P
M



M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;&]R.B
P
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M.B`Q

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

#L\+W1D
#LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R
C
N
3PO9F]N=#X\
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F
M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU.'!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)



#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


P
#`P
M



3U(Z

T0G=VED

M9'1H.B`Q

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;&4]



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@(!0;&%N('!A

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;&]R.B
P
#`P


P
#`P


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3%P



#`P

M)SXF(S$V
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q

M

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(`@<W1Y;&4]

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^


#`P

#L\+W1D
#LG/B8C,38P
M.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]

M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(R.7!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


P
#`P
#`[)SX@

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
C


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3%P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#4X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
38N
RD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C


M97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

M:#H@

M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M


M;&]R.B
P
#`P


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\



#`P

#L\
#LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]

M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M/B8C


#`P

M)SXF(S$V
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


T0G

M;W`M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P






#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S



T0G=VED=&@Z

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F
M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

P
M
#`P





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




3%P



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO


#`P

#L\
#LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]

M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(R

M

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG

7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B

M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

7!X.R!B;W)D



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



7!X

G!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ



P
#`P
#`[;6EN



M.B`Q

M=&@Z

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P
M

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
M,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@


M;&]R.B
P
#`P

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
M
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

M969I=!O8FQI9V%T:6]N(&%T(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!Y96%R/]F;VYT/CPO

P
#`P
#`[



#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q

M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#4S

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG
M/B`T+#DY

T0G=VED=&@Z(#)P

M

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


T0G=VED

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


P
M
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

M

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
2PQ
CDN
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SXD



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0V

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q-#$N
SPO

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HR


T0G=VED

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P





#`P

#L\
#LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q
C0N-#PO9F]N
'0M86QI9VXZ
M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


P
M
#`P




M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M.B
P
#`P


P
#`P


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@

P
#`P
M



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





#`P

M
#LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4X

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U

#`P
#`P

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
M

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U

T0G

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HR



P
#`P
M



P
#`P
#`[)SX@

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB
M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
XR/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P

#L\
#LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

#`P
#`P.VUI

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z

M.B`Q

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]

M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P



M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#4Q

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG



7!X.R!T

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P



M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M9'1H.B`Q

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-3AP


M:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

T0G

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3%P




#`P

M(S$V
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`T+C

T0G

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M.B
P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F
M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT-G!X


P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
M
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@



T0G

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3%P


M
#`P




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
C
N
D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

'0M
M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X
M.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


P
#`P
#`[)SX@



M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


P
#`P
#`[;6EN





#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


P
#`P
M



P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#4Y+C


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M

G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M.B
P
#`P


M0T]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(R.7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



P
#`P

7!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(`@<W1Y;&4]

M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
2XP
'0M
M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X
M.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


7!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HU


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M*#`N



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ


#`P
#MM






M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(R.7!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4



7!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
7!X






7!X

M=&@Z

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D


#`P

M

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P
#`[
M)SX@

#`P
#`P.VUI




#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2



7!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ




M)W=I9'1H.B`R
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L
M;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,C(Y<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/E!R;VIE8W1E9!B96YE9FET(&]B;&EG871I;VX@

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R

#`P
#MM:6XM










M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HU


P
#`P
#`[)SX@

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

P
#`P
#`[;6EN




M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M;&4]
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


G!X.R!B

7!X.V)O


M

M




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


M3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,30U+C,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@

M;W`M=VED=&@Z







M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([)SXD/]F



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
30U+C0\



P
#`P
#`[


P
#`P
M










M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#8N,BD\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P





#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@*#



P
M
#`P



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z








M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
7!X


P
#`P

M

M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

M:#H@

M=&@Z


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W`M=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG/B`H


]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$U-7!X




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ

#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E<CMB;W)D97(M
M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,3(W<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS
M1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!C96YT97([)SY$969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70-E!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G
\+V9O




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(!S='EL93TS
M1=W:61T:#H@


P
#`P

M;G


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P








'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M


M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO

C=P

M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


P
#`P
#`[;6EN

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0U(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@




M;W(Z(S`P
#`P

#L@8F]R9&5R+71O<US




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
#5P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S-7!X

7!X



P
#`P

M:61T:#H@


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

\


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z




M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXR,#$T/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^




M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
'!X



7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/C(P
M
3

3!P


M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P




7!X.V)O


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M
C`Q

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


P
#`P
M


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P










T0G=VED=&@Z

M


P
#`P
#`[)SXR

'0M86QI
M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M:61T:#H@


#`P
M


W!X.R!B;W)D97(M


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)B


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3!P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#$L
S@Y


#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

T0G=VED

#`P
M



M9'1H.B`Q

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)



M:61T:#H@

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z










#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'




#`P






'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


G!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z






T0G



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

M92`H8V]S='
I(&-R961I='



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P
#`P




#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P



M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO

M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V




M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


#`P
M




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO

M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V



M

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

P
#`P



M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C)P


P
#`P
#`[;6EN




M

M


M9'1H.B`Q

M=VED=&@Z


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@*#$L-#$U+C,I/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D




M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P


7!X


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


T0G


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H-C8N


#`P

#L\+W1D

M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT






T0G=VED

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E;G1E
#MB

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
30N
BD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S


#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

M97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([




#MB

M

#`P
#MM:6XM


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z








#`P

M


#`P

M(S$V

M.B`Q


M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT
M97([)SY$969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70-E!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G,\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0T(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3(Q



P
#`P



P
#`P
M

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)





M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M(S$V
'0M86QI
M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,G!X.R<^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

#L@8F]R9&5R+71O<US='EL




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ






P
#`P

M(S$V

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$P

M



P
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M;G

3!P


#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H
M=#LG/C(P

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
M

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[


M(S`P
#`P






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M



M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
30\+V9O

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
G!X



7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


#`P
M



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG
M/E!R;VIE8W1E9!B96YE9FET(&]B;&EG871I;VX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM



M;&]R.B
P
#`P


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P

#L\+W1D

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4
M+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W


P
#`P





M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU



P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%


#`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T



#`P





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





#`P

M

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


T0G

P
M
#`P




M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3)P




P
#`P
M


P
M
#`P







'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT



P
#`P



M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


#`P
#MM






6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M(S`P
#`P






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
G!X






@


G!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ

#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E<CMB;W)D
M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z,38R<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL

T0G=VED

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z


#`P




P
M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$W
'!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$W
'!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0U(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@


M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

#L@8F]R9&5R+71O<US='EL




#`P




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

P
#`P
#`[

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z




#`P






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
30\


7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


#`P
#MM











M)SXR




T0G=VED


P
#`P

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-#1P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

M.B`Q

M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M.B`Q

M=&@Z


M


M0T]





M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O


#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3(T+C0\+V9O;G0^



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

M1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`R,BXW/]F

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG
#MT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ


P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


3U(Z

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$W
'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$W

T0G

P
#`P


'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@
M,C,Y+C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#0T

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG
M/B`R



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R

P
#`P
#`[;6EN



P
#`P


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`U-2XV/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D


#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H






P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H







M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P


#`P
M


P
M
#`P

M9'1H.B`Q

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P


RD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0T

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
S(N
2D\

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3)P






P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G

P
M
#`P



M9'1H.B`Q

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P






P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG/B`Q-3$N


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M



3U(Z
M(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,3`X+C$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M



G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@*#
N-D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG/B`H


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO


#`P





T0G=VED=&@Z(#4P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M

M.B
P
#`P


M0T]

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M
3(N


3U(Z

G!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT


P
#`P
#`[)SX@+3PO9F]N
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!B

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P





6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M



P
#`P



M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SY.
M970@97AP96YS92`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M
#L@8F]R9&5R



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].

P
#`P




#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@-S4N.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




7!X.V)O


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z







3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-34N,SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@





M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@








M


M0T]

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q




'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R
SAP


P
#`P
#`[

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z



G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3)P


P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY$969I;F5D
M($)E;F5F:70-E!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@




#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q

'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


M;&4]



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;B!O9B!L;W-S97
\+V9O;G0^





P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0@



7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0@-XY/]F;VYT/CPO


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO





M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


P
#`P
#`[)SY!;6]R



M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C)P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


M

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z






M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H


#`P

#L\+W1D



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

M16YD($)E;F5F:70@3V)L:6=A=&EO;G

M;&4]

'!X

M


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([
M)SY$969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70-E!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



7!X.W1E

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ






M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT


M97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P








M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T-W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I

C`Q

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)


M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

M

P
#`P



M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$X



P
#`P
#`[


P
#`P
M

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B4\+V9O


#`P



P
#`P



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





#`P


M1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`T+C4Q/]F

P
#`P
M



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED






M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[



#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I



7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


M9'1H.B`U

M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#`P.VUI


P
#`P
#`[




P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$X





#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P




M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
#L@8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI


#`P

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-XT

T0G=VED=&@Z(#4Q


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M
#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B,P,#`P
M,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$X<'@[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/]T86)L93X\

M/3-$=&]P/E=E:6=H=&5D+4%V97)A9V4@07-S=6UP=&EO;G

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$U

#MT97AT
M+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E<CMB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M,34V<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!C96YT97([)SY$969I;F5D($)E;F5F
M:70-E!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H
M.C$W




M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O
M;'-P86X]
T0U(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


M;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$W

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U
7!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


#`P
M


G!X.R!B;W)D




T0G=VED=&@Z(#0P



#$S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@




31P
6QE/3-$)W=I


M1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P,30\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@
6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`T




'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

C`Q
SPO9F]N

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
31P


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HT


P
#`P
#`[5$58



#`P




P
#`P
M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR






P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H
M=#LG/C(P
3

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z




M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT


P
#`P




#`P

Q


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


P
#`P



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$T<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS


3U(Z


M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



P
#`P



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$T<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&
M3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W




M=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV



P
#`P
#`[)SXE/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$T<'@[)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4
M+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI


M1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`T+C0T/]F



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C



'!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HT
M

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z

M.B`R
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[




M-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN




M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z-G!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-3%P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M:61T:#H@


M.B
P
#`P




#`P






M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C




M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

3$\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HT


P
#`P
#`[)SX@.2XS
M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#9P


P
#`P
#`[


M(S`P
#`P



'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C)P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HT


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/]T<CX\+W1A8FQE/CPO9&EV/CQS<&%N

]

]



C

M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C

M(S$V

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(V
M

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M



#`P
#`P







#`P

6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(S

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2



T0G=VED=&@Z(#8S

M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





M=&@Z




#`P
M


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z


#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N




M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS





#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@


M.B
P
#`P



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



7!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY
979E;`S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^





#`P

M

M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C8S

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.



M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(S



P
#`P


Z/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@





M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT



M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\



M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V



M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4U





#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G

M;&4]
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/]T





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M(S`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R


P
#`P


#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


P
#`P


#`P
#MM

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



P
#`P
M

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@

2PT



#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#8S

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`U-3DN


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#(S
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(S


P
#`P


W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS



#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&


M:'0[)SX@

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`M


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M
M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

T+C`\+V9O;G0^


P
#`P

M


P
#`P
#`[


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z.'!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
C

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@(%)E86P@87-S970@:6YV97-T;65N
M='
@*&
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z.'!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-C-P

'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU-7!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)


3(X+C


#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S





#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@


P
#`P
M


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P



S-P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P


P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[;6EN



M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-35P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^


M
#`P

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y
M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HV


P
#`P
#`[

M;&4]

'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
M



P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW



P
#`P
'0M86QI9VXZ

P
#`P

M

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



T0G

M
#`P





W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV



P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


M(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(S
W!X.R!B

7!X.V)O


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M

#`P
#`P.VUI

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



P
M
#`P


P
#`P
#`[





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ


M.B
P
#`P





G!X.W1E

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



P
#`P
#`[





3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N=&5R

#`P
#MM:6XM





M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C8S

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.

T0G




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV



P
#`P


7!X


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P





M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`U+#`V-BXQ


P
#`P
#`[



T0G




#`P




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

Q-C`[



M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M
#MT97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P

M(S$V


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z.'!X



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV
M



M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P



#`P





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4U

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]



T0G=VED=&@Z


T0G

M;&4]






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




M
#`P

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)



P
#`P

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E

#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S



P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`R



'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW







M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`R
XR/]F

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-C-P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#(S
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(S

T0G

P
#`P


W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I





M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.

T0G=VED


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(T\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.'!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX



P
#`P

M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI




#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(`@<W1Y;&4]

M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

'0M
M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z.'!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S


3DN
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y
M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R

T0G=VED=&@Z


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

W


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


M
#`P




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HV


P
#`P
#`[


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



P
#`P

M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P

'0M86QI9VXZ<FEG:'0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


#`P
M


M
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HV


P
#`P
#`[


M.B
P
#`P



P
#`P

M

#`P
#MM:6XM


#`P
#MM



T0G=VED


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

#`P
#MM



P
#`P





#`P
M

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED



P
#`P





M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


P
#`P


W!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C8S

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.

T0G=VED=&@Z


#`P
M



W!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(S

M;&4]

P
#`P


\+V9O;G0^

M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P






P
#`P


7!X


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

V-BXV






#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


SDN


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

M
#`P



M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@





3(Q

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I





3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@8V5N

#`P
#MM





M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C8S

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#LG/B`T


3I4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[9F]N=US:7IE.C$P<'0[)SY0


@3F5W






@3F5W


M97


M


M:71I97





6QE/3-$)V9O;G0M9F%M

3!P=#LG/B!O9B!T:&4@

M86QU97







@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O




M5&EM97


Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[
M)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[)B





M8W5R:71I97



T0G


M;'DZ5&EM97

F4Z,3!P=#LG/B!F:7AE9`\+V9O;G0^/&9O;G0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G





'!T


3I4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[9F]N=US



@3F5W(%)O;6%N



M9VEN+6QE9G0Z


@3F5W(%)O;6%N.V9O




@9F]R



T0G






T0G









'!T
M)SXF(S$V



M;G





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SY&:7-C86P@
C`Q


P
#`P



M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



T0G=VED=&@Z
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&-E




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Q


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


@#0I)

L(&%N9`-E-E='1L96UE;G1S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HX-W!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)


M
C4L(#(P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M





P
#`P

M/B8C


7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



T0G=VED=&@Z(#AP


M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC;VQO

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M;&4]

'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

M

P
#`P




M0T]


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`R

'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Q
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


P
#`P
#`[5$58

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#(P
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(P

T0G

P
#`P

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW






M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`M/]F;VYT

M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


C`S




M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M





M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`Y.3`N
M



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


P
#`P


M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P





M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C)P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ







M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-S1P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([




P
#`P

#-P
#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I
M9'1H.C(P,W!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M

#`P
#`P.VUI

6QE/3-$)W=I

P
#`P
M


M



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P

Q-C`[


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^


#`P

M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z.'!X



#`P
#MM:6XM


#`P
#MM


P
#`P
M



M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ



M0T]


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M

M.B
P
#`P



M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





T0G=VED=&@Z(#(P
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(P

M

P
#`P


#`P

M)SXF(S$V


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'



M
#`P


P
#`P

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.F-E;G1E

#`P

Q-C`[



M:'0[)SX@

T0G=VED=&@Z(#AP

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`V+C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(P

M;&4]

P
#`P
#`[)SY&86ER('9A;'5E(&%C=&EV:71Y(&]F
M(&QE=F5L(#



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

M
#`P






M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



G!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%



M0T]






P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Q
G!X


P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z



#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P


G!X.W1E

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



P
#`P
#`[




M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
C

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C

#L\+W1D

M.B`R


P
M
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(S

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4





'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

@
M;V8@#0I-87D@


M(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL





#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO
M=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Q
G!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T



P
M
#`P






#`P

M

M;&EG;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

#LG
M/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

@
M;V8@#0I-87D@
C8L(#(P
3


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C@W





7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[



T0G


M;W`M=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z.#=P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

P
#`P
M


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



3$R

P
#`P
#`[;6EN
M+7=I9'1H.C$Q


P
#`P
#`[

M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT




3U(Z


M:61T:#H@.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M



#`P

#L\




3)P

M;&4]



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`R
XY/]F

M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M/B8C



'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P


#`P
#MM:6XM


#`P
#MM




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Q

M

P
#`P
'0M86QI9VXZ

#`P

M(S$V


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@


#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`Y
S8N.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT



#`P



P
#`P




6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M





#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Q
G!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T




M=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`V





#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P

C


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
M

#MT

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW



M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[



T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$Q

M;W`M=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Q

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




M;&]R.B
P
#`P




M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(S
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(S
W!X


P
#`P

M;65N=!B96YE9FET('!L86X@87-S971S.CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T


#`P



M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

38P

M96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



#`P
#`P




'0M86QI9VXZ8V5N=&5R.V)O<F1E

#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H
M=#LG/B`R

T0G=VED=&@Z(#AP

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%


M(S`P
#`P





M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3$R

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#LG/B`H

M1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B`P+C4\+V9O
M;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P



P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


P
#`P
#`[5$58


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED



M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$Q
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED



M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P



C





\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M;&]R.B
P
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#AP



#`P

M

P
#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@
#L@8F]R9&5R+71O<US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M=&]P+7=I9'1H
6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$Q


P
M
#`P






#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SXD




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!


T0G




#`P



P
#`P


M=&5D+4%V97)A9V4@07-S970@06QL;V-A=&EO;G

M8VM=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=CX\=&%B







M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C
M96YT97([)SY$969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70-E!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G,\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


#`P

M)SXF(S$V

T0G=VED=&@Z

M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M9'1H.B`V

M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT


P
#`P
#`[


M(S`P
#`P





#`P

M)B

7!X

7!X


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

C`Q-#PO

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


#`P
#MM





#L@8F]R9&5R


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y
M;&4]


M;&]R.B
P
#`P




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

Q-C`[



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!C96YT97([)SXE



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C8Q

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ.'!X


P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
6QE
M/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)

#`P
M


M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$U



P
#`P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M

M;CIC96YT97([8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M/B8C

T0G=VED

#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P


M:61T:#H@

M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


#`P
#MM



#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$U

T0G1D].

P
#`P

7!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV
7!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)



#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P




7!X.R!T97AT+6%L

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV
7!X


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C@N.3PO9F]N


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G

P
#`P
#`[)SX@





#`P

M

M:#H@


M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






#`P



M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H
M.C$U


P
#`P
#`[)SY4;W1A

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG/B`Q
#`N

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%


7!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M




M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




7!X.V)O



M9VX]
T1T;W`^17-T:6UA=&5D($)E;F5F:70@4&%Y;65N='
@6U1A8FQE(%1E





#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



7!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

M96YE9FET#0I096YS:6]N(`T*4&QA;G
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P



\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


M;W`M=VED=&@Z

M
#`P




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P

#L\
#L@8F]R





#`P

M(S$V





#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@


M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG/B`R

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(&QE9G0[)SXR


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P

#L\+W1D

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-2XR/]F;VYT/CPO


#`P

#L\

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

\+V9O;G0^

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW


P
#`P

M:#H@
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[


M)W=I9'1H.B`U

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P
#`[)SX@

T0G

P
M
#`P




M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P




#`P

T0G

P
#`P
#`[)SX@


'0M86QI
M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C%P


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
G!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M




7!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HR


#`P
#MM:6XM



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


T0G=VED

#`P
M



#`P



M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-BXT/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^


#`P

#L\+W1D

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M


M;&]R.B
P
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
G!X




#`P
M


P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR





7!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V






^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5:04%#/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S



M
3XQ
B!-;VYT:'






]



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

#L\+W1D/CQT

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Q
W!X.R!B;W)D

7!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HR





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-'!X



7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
30\+V9O;G0^





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C

M)SXF(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


M)W=I9'1H.B`S

M;W`M=VED=&@Z







#$R






M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C

#L\

T0G=VED=&@Z(#


M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M

C(T

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG
M/B`@(%5N:71E9!3=&%T97,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@


P
#`P
#`[)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R+#$X
2XT

T0G=VED=&@Z(#


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.

#`P
#MM


M

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P




M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@(!&;W)E:6=N/]F;VYT


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-'!X



P
#`P





#`P



P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
SDT



P
#`P
M


P
M
#`P


M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#









M

M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR





M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C



6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S
'!X

G!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I
M9'1H.C




#`P

Q-C`[


#`P

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C

T0G=VED=&@Z(#


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H
M.C


M)W=I9'1H.B`R

'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I
M9'1H.C

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%

M
#`P


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@(`@(!3=&%T92!A;F0@;&]C
M86P\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P

W+C@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

T0G

P
#`P
#`[)SX@-3(N
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@(`@(!&;W)E:6=N/]F

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
30V+C
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3(V+C4\+V9O;G0^

M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M



P
M
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@(!4;W1A;!C=7)R96YT/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@


6QE



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P




#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S
'!X.R!B;W)D



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z




M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@(`@($9E9&5R86P\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
P




'!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS
M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#(R-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@(`@(!3=&%T92!A;F0@;&]C86P\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S


#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q.2XR

T0G=VED=&@Z(#


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
P




M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D
M(`@<W1Y;&4]


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M(S`P
#`P


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#





M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P







M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^



#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I


S!P
6QE/3-$)W=I

M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(R-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ

#`P
M




#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS


P
M
#`P



#`P

M;&4]

P
#`P




C!P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS

M/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0V(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M



P
#`P

S




P
#`P
#`[
M)SXR




M=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

C`Q
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT


#`P

Q-C`[





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R
M:6=H=#LG/C(P

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM
M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



T0G=VED=&@Z(#
S



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


P
#`P

T0G=VED

#`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/B4\+V9O


#`P



P
#`P




#`P



P
#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXS-2XP/]F;VYT


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG

6QE/3-$)W=I

#`P
M

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXQ+C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

2XS/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/C$N-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CPO='(^


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS





M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;&4]

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z







M

M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS
S%P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`M/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


T0G=VED=&@Z(#
S
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
S



P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#0Y

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z



P
#`P
#`[)SXH


7!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z


#`P
M


M


P
#`P
M



#`P



M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
S
7!X


P
#`P
#`[)SY%9F9E8W1I=F4@



M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXS,RXS/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M;W`M=VED=&@Z






M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/C




M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


T1T;W`^5&%X(&5F9F5C='
@



M;BUT;W`Z


P
#`P




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3EP


#`P
#MM:6XM


#$S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/]T





P
#`P
#`[)SX@



#`P

M

P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(W-G!X.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(W


P
#`P
#`[)SY#;VUP96YS



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#(W-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[


P
#`P
M
6QE
M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$T<'@[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9`@('-T


#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA



#`P

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T




#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(W-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

P
#`P

\


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-'!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M:61T:#H@

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(W-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

P
#`P



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`T


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

2XQ



M9'1H.B`Q-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3
N
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@-C4N
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO




7!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


#`P
#MM


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI



#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SY686QU871I;VX@86QL;W=A;F-E/]F;VYT


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-'!X



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C(Q+C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C


M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


P
#`P



M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z







M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P

Q


#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ



M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[


M0T]



#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M-3

M:#H@


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/DEN=&%N9VEB;&4@87-S



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M




#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P







P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U

M

M.B
P
#`P


M0T]

M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



3EP

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG/B`U


3U(Z


T0G=VED

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



#`P

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




T0G=VED=&@Z(#(W-G!X.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(W


P
#`P
#`[)SY5;G)E86QI


#`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,C(N.#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT9`@


#`P


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P





M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q-'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P






#`P





M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R+#8W.XQ/]F;VYT/CPO

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(W-G!X.R!B;W)D




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-'!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)




#`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z





M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED





]



C

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C

M

M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#(S



M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/DEN($UI;&QI;VYS




7!X


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

C`Q-#PO

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M



M

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z




#`P
M


P
M
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(S
G!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D)A;&%N8V4L(&)E9VEN

T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[


M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



#`P

M

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
C
Q+C



M;&4]

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@(!!9&1I
M=&EO;G

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ


#`P
#MM:6XM





M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P






M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



C

M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C
R

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@($%D9&ET
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-W!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M0T]

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R
M.B
P
#`P




#`P

M

P
#`P
#`[)SX@-CDN-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU-W!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)


T0G

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`@(%-E='1L96UE;G1S/]F;VYT/CPO



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

M.B`Q
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[




M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#(S



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
7!X



M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG/B`H
3`N



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(S

M

P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
G!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)




#`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,34P+CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





3-A
S$T7S1B83!?-&1C.%\Y968Q7S8T8C8W
M


]
M

T1)1#!%
48^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

@



T1T

14%315











#`P




P
#`P
#`[

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z







P
#`P




#`P

Q




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C0X

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.
M.B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M


P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


P
#`P
#`[5$58

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M

'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





T0G=VED=&@Z(#0X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG
M/B`S



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I






M.B
P
#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P





M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`W




T0G=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P



#`P

M

P
#`P
#`[)SX@-C@N
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R




M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/E1O=&%L(')E;G0@97AP

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

T0G=VED=&@Z







3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,3@W+CD\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





M;&4@1G5T=7)E($QE87-E($-O;6UI=&UE;G1S(%M486)L92!497AT($)L;V-K


M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H
M.C(X







M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
31P


#`P
#MM:6XM


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#(X

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%







M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV
W!X


P
#`P
#`[)SX@


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!
M3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/C(P

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`V


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].

P
#`P
#`[)SX@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(X
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(X

M

P
#`P




P
#`P


63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$58
M5U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/C(P
3@\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G

P
#`P


#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
S
N-SPO

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

\+V9O

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HV


P
#`P
#`[

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/E1O=&%L(&YO;F-A;F-E;&%B;&4@9G5T=7)E(&QE87-E(&-O

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S



M;&4]



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,S@X+C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M0T]



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

#L@8F]R9&5R+71O

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T
M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z







M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E9C$S83
Q-%\T8F$P
M7S1D8SA?.65F



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]



]


M
#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$



]

]



C4V

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#(T




#`P






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
M24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^



#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I



M;&4]


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

C`Q
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO

M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



P
#`P




M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C


6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
W!X.R!B

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ



#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P
#`[

#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC

#`P



M93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T

M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(U-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

P
#`P
#`[)SX@26YT97)N871I;VYA;#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


T0G

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

T0G

P
#`P


M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@0V]N=F5N:65N8V4@

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$R


M:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S






M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3-P


#`P
#MM:6XM


M:61T:#H@



M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W`M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I

#`P
#MM




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




7!X


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P



P
#`P
M


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV



P
#`P
M

6QE



M(S`P
#`P




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$S

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M



M9'1H.B`Q
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M



3U(Z


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R+#(Y-2XS/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/]T



W!X.R!T97AT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-#DP+C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`T
CDN-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO



W!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M



P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#LG/B`S


M




M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

Q-XV/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q

M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI


P
#`P
#`[
M)SX@

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P




M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M:#H@

M9'1H.B`Q

M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M





M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

G!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V


3)P

M

T0G=VED

#`P
M



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(U-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

P
#`P
#`[)SY5;F%L;&]C871E9!C;W)P;W)A=&4@:71E
M;7,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q.38N




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,S0W+C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/D1I=F5S=&ET=7)E

W!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ


#`P
#MM


W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(U-G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C4V

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P



M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3-P


#`P
#MM:6XM


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-3=P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M



M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$R

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H

M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q




M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P






P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R+#DU



M

M


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@














#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC;VQO<CHC
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0X(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@


P
#`P




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M9'1H.B`Q

M=VED=&@Z


M;&4]









P
M
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Y.'!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




W!X.R!B;W)D


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3-P





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HW



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`W

M=&@Z

#`P
#MM


M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Y.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P

T0G

P
#`P

M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R

#`P
#MM:6XM



W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P






P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/C
L
#(T+C`\+V9O;G0^


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



W!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HW


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M

#`P
M


M9'1H.B`Q-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M



P
#`P
#`[)SXR+#DV-XW/]F;VYT/CPO


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@
M4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

BPX-C`N
3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT

M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXR+#@X.2XR/]F;VYT/CPO


M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Y.'!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


P
#`P
#`[)SX@


#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P



W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

BPX
#(N.3PO


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


M:#H@

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P




P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ


#`P
#`P


M
#`P


M9'1H.B`Q
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`W


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW

T0G1D].

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
2PY
#(N.3PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT


#`P




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/C$L

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


#`P
#MM


M
W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN


M9'1H.B`W

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW


P
M
#`P
#`[)SX@
2PY
#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CIL969T.V)O<F1E<BUC

#`P


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

2PP
M

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I




T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#(Y.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B
P
#`P

T0G

P
#`P



#`P

M)B

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-S-P


M:#H@

M:61T:#H@

'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P





M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M:61T:#H@


M.B
P
#`P




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



7!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


#`P
#MM



#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M

T0G



T0G










#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW

T0G

P
#`P
#`[)SX@






P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H
M.C(S




#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR


M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



P
#`P





M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ-'!X



7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P
3
\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M9'1H.B`R





M
#`P


M;&4]



#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O
M;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$T<'@[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CQT9`@



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(S.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P



P
#`P
#`[)SX@(%5N:71E9!3=&%T
M97,\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

M8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q
BPU
C
N
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D
M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\
M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




M;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S


#`P

T0G

P
#`P

T0G

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q
BPT-C(N



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



P
#`P
#`[)SX@-2PS.#8N-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT


#`P

#L\



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M

M


P
#`P
M






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



W!X.R!B

7!X.V)O


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D
M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\
M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F
M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




T0G=VED=&@Z(#(S.'!X.R!B

G!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M
C


T0G=VED=&@Z(#8S

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HV


M


M=&@Z

#`P
#MM



P
#`P
#`[



#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B,P,#`P
M,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4W<'@[)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT9`@



M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S



M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P




T0G



#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U.'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7-T



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H

C`Q
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]
T0G

M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL


#`P


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


T0G=VED=&@Z

T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#`P.VUI



P
#`P
#`[

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P
M,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W
M:61T:#H@

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
C

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/
M3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


M

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z



#`P
#`P


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z-7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M


C


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


7!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


#`P
#MM





M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO=&0^


#`P

Q


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-S$T+C4\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M/B8C



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


T0G=VED

M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB
M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z







'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

#`P
#MM


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M.B`U-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[



M;&]R.B
P
#`P



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT





#`P



M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F
M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-7!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

C
X


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


W!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

C`Q-#PO

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




M
#`P


P
#`P


#`P

M(S$V
#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


T0G=VED

M=VED=&@Z

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P



M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M


#LG/B8C
M,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@<W1Y;&4]



#`P

M)B

M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V
'0M
M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-7!X
M.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M:61T:#H@
C

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$T

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
BPW-3(N
'0M
M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-7!X
M.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M:61T:#H@
C


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P



M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




M;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V

M



P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S




M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S+#DT
M



31P

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

#`P
#MM:6XM


M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM



M
V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&

M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V5F
3-A
S$T7S1B83!?-&1C.%\Y968Q7S8T
M8C8W



]


3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(U+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@





M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

P
#`P
#`[;6EN
M+7=I9'1H.C(W

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O
M;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P





M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$R

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H
M.B`U

M;VTM=VED=&@Z

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

C`Q
SPO9F]N

M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H
M.C(W


P
#`P
#`[)SY296-E


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ



#`P
#`P.VUI



#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`@($9R;VT@8W5S=&]M97)S/]F

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
G!X


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

M.B`U

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@
2PT-C8N


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@(!
97-S(&%L;&]W86YC92!F;W(@9&]U
M8G1F=6P@86-C;W5N='



#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ





#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].

P
#`P



#`P


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$R


#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


M)W=I9'1H.B`U

M;W`M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P



6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S
S5P


P
#`P
#`[
M;6EN+7=I9'1H.C

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z





P
#`P

M(S$V


7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

6QE/3-$)W=I

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

C`Q
SPO


P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I
M9'1H.C


P
#`P
#`[)SY)


#`P
#`P.VUI



#`P
#`P



#`P
M

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



#`P



#`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z




P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#LG/B`@($9I;FES:&5D(&=O;V1S/]F


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&

3U(Z

T0G

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

T0G

P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
S-7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C



P
#`P


#`P

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

3



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS


249/

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$U


T0G


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P





T0G=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P





M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/E1O=&%L/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@



P
#`P



M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXQ+#4U.2XT/]F;VYT/CPO


M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@


M=&@Z


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P







M26YV96YT;W)I97








3!P

C4L(#(P

T0G





M93HQ






#MT97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE
M9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B,P,#`P,#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C,S,G!X.R<^/&9O
M;G0@<W1Y;&4],T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z(#$P<'0[0T],3U(Z(
P
#`P
#`[




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=.

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q



M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M







M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL



#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M


T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P








P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$S



P
#`P
#`[)SX@
3@W+C(\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ


M
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P





P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I



P
#`P

M;&4]

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

M;&4]

P
#`P



M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ



P
#`P
#`[)SX@

CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D







'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P


M.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
S

T0G1D].

P
#`P

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




7!X


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P








'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

#`P
#MM:6XM






#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS


M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B


P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ





#`P

T0G1D].

P
#`P

S$U

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HS





M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q
G!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T


M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U-7!X.R!B;W)D97(M



P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HS



P
#`P


M
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN




M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q
#$N
CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^/'1R/CQT


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HS



M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M

P
#`P
M
#`[)SX@
BPR

M9'1H.B`Q

#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S

P
#`P
#`[;6EN



P
#`P
#`[)SX@


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,XS/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/]T




M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3-P


M;&4]

M;&]R.B
P
#`P





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M:61T:#H@

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@($-A

T0G

P
M
#`P


P
#`P
#`[)SX@-#8X+C`\+V9O;G0^


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M/B8C

35P


P
#`P
#`[
M;6EN+7=I9'1H.C


P
#`P
M

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q

P
#`P





M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`S





M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\


M


M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG/B`X+#DS


#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


M
#`P


2XR*3PO9F]N=#X\




T0G=VED=&@Z(#4U


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M
#L@8F]R9&5R+71O<US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB



M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/E1O=&%L/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@



P
#`P



M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HV

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4


G!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P+7-T







]

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
S
G!X.R!B

M

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z
S

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3)P


#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


M
#`P



3-P


M:#H@

M:61T:#H@

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
S

M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@($EN=F5S=&UE;G1S(&EN(&%N

P
#`P


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R
M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT





P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`T-S@N-3PO9F]N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HS




#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!


W!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ


#`P
#MM



M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
S
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
S



P
#`P

W!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ


#`P
#MM:6XM





M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
S
G!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M


M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M;F5O=7



M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,3$Q+C@\+V9O;G0^/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V
6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U
7!X

M=&@Z

P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG/B`Q
C`N




M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M


P
#`P



#`P
#`P

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z
M(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)6D4Z









M;7!O;F5N='

]



S
R


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



C4L(#(P
30\

3-P


#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ



C8L(#(P
3
\


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

S


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z
S

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@
M($%C8W)U960@=')A9&4@86YD(&-O;G-U;65R('!R;VUO=&EO;G
\+V9O;G0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





#`P

T0G1D].
M5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I



M:#H@
S

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

Y



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H




M:#H@
S

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
S
N

W!X.R!T

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ


#`P
#MM:6XM


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#
S
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
S


P
M
#`P



#`P

M
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2


G!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SXF(S$V

6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S

P
#`P
#`[;6EN



P
#`P

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



S

M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@($=R86EN(&-O


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



S

M;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(#

W!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HQ


#`P
#MM


M:61T:#H@
S

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ


#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z


M:61T:#H@
S


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P




M:'0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M
6QE/3-$)W=I
M9'1H.B`Q

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^

M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




T0G=VED=&@Z(#
S
G!X.R!B;W)D




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



G!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%





P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M

T0G=VED=&@Z

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M;W`M=VED=&@Z


'!T.T-/
M3$]2.B`C
#`P


M:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P






T0G=VED=&@Z(#
P
'!X.R!B;W)D97(M8F]T


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
S`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

M




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
3-P


#`P
#MM:6XM


#$S/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/]T


T0G


M
#`P


M;&4]


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@(!!8V-R=65D(&-O
M;7!E;G-A=&EO;B!A;F0@8F5N969I='
L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R`-B`@(`@(&]B



#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z



#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S


G!X
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I




M

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q+#4V

T0G=VED=&@Z(#
P
'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
P

M;&4]

P
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU-G!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)

3U(Z(,P
M,#`P,#`[)SX@,3DU+C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T
M:#H@

M:61T:#H@

M

M.B
P
#`P

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P










M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M)B



M



M.B`Q

M=&@Z


M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED














T0G=VED=&@Z(#(T
M
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN
M+7=I9'1H.C(T


#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0W
M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


P
#`P
#`[





'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P

\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL


6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q







3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@


T0G=VED=&@Z







M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

C`Q
M


P
#`P
#`[;6EN
M+7=I9'1H.C(T


P
#`P
#`[
M)SY$97!R96-I871I;VX@86YD(&%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT

M93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,
M24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T


P
#`P


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@-3@X+C`\+V9O;G0^
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HU


P
#`P
#`[)SX@-30Q


7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ

3U(Z(,P,#`P
M,#`[)SX@,C0S+C8\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M

M:#H@

T0G

P
M
#`P

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`R
6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL

M;W(Z(S`P
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#(T



M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@.#8Y
M+C4\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C)P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

6QE/3-$
M)W=I9'1H.B`U



M;&]R.B
P
#`P

M3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#
M3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`X.34N





'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



]




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#(W

M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


T0G=VED


M;&4]


P
#`P



M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL




M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


G!X.R!B

7!X.V)O


T0G=VED=&@Z



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@

M

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M)SX@,S(S+C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3)P

M

M

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M4
M15A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS


M
#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
S


P
#`P
M







M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

M=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M
M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P




P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H



P
#`P
#`[)SX@*#0N.2D\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S

M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D


W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.G)I9VAT.V)O

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P





#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z



M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`H


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P

M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C)P

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I
M9'1H.C(W


P
#`P
#`[)SY)



#`P
M
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)






P
#`P
#`[)SX@
S`R+C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS




M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

M;&4]

P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU
M


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
S$V+CD\


G!X.W1E

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
M


M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ


P
#`P
#`[



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G

P
#`P
#`[)SX@




T0G=VED=&@Z(#
S
G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R
M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
S


M.B`S


P
M
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
S

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4


W!X.R!B;W)D97(M=&]P






P
#`P




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
G!X



7!X

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I


#`P
M











M:'0[)SXR

M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

P
#`P


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@





M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M04Q)1TXZ(')I9VAT

M


P
#`P
M
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C
S


P
M
#`P

6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U.7!X.R!B;W)D97(M

G!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P







'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P






'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(#4Y

V$S
31?-&)A
M
%\T9&

M:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V5F
3-A
S$T7S1B83!?-&1C.%\Y968Q7S8T8C8W
&4X-#DW







3XQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*(`@(`@




]



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/&1I=CX\=&%B;&4@


M

C`Q

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

M;G
L($5X8V5P=!097(@#0H@(%-H87)E($%M;W5N=',\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\
M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




M9&5R+6)O='1O;2US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M8F]T=&]M+7=I9'1H.C%P

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X],T0S(!S='EL

M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$R

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^
M/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0S(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$S

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ

Q
#L@8F]R9&5R+71O<US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M=&]P+7=I9'1H.C%P
6QE.G-O;&ED.V)O<F1E<BUB;W1T;VTM=VED
M=&@Z

#`P
#`P
M.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


T0G=VED=&@Z(#=P

T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(&-O;'-P86X]
T0S(!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



#`P



7!X.W1E

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HQ






#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T

#L@8F]R9&5R+71O<US='EL93IS;VQI9#MB;W)D97(M




#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ




M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU-7!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)






M=VED=&@Z

P
#`P
M


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!


T0G


M93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E,63H@5&EM97,@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M,3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P,#`P,#M415A4+4%,24=..B!R:6=H=#LG/C(P,3,\
M+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-W!X.R!B;W)D97(M

7!X.W1E

P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H


#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z




M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4


M)SXR







M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[


6QE/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U
7!X.R!B;W)D



6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.
M97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P.U1%6%0M

C`Q


M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C(P

M

P
#`P
#`[5$585U!3$E'3CH@;&5F=#LG/DYE=!S86QE
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M5T5)1TA4.B!B;VQD.T9/3E0M1D%-
M24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86X[1D].5U325I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

M0T]

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P


M:61T:#H@

P
#`P



M9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z






M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`T+#@X





#`P

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXD/]F

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M



P
#`P
#`[

63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T
M:#HU


P
#`P


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HW


'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P




'!T.T-/3$]2
M.B`C
#`P


T0G=VED=&@Z(#4U

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`Q+#8Q
RXP/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D(`@


M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

38P.SPO=&0^/'1D



M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D

P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M

M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HU


P
#`P
#`[
M)SX@
2PW-#(N
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z-W!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M


M.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


#`P


M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@-W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

38P.SPO



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M
#LG/B`Q+#0X

T0G=VED=&@Z

#`P
#MM
M:6XM=VED=&@Z


M0T]

M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$S

#`P
#MM:6XM
M=VED=&@Z



#`P
#MM:6XM


#`P
#`P.VUI


#`P
M




M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`U-#$N-CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CQT
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D
M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-W!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\
M=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P

M(#0Q

T0G=VED=&@Z(#4Q

P
#`P
#`[;6EN

63H@5&EM
M97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z-W!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
3=P


M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
M
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`S-C8N
SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/CPO='(^


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR



'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[
M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\

W!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M(S$V

M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-W!X


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HU


T0G=VED

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z

#LG/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^/'1D(`@



M+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\+W1D/CQT

M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

#L\



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P




P
#`P

T0G=VED

P
#`P
M

M5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`U


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HU

T0G1D].

P
#`P
#`[)SX@


M
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M
#`P

T0G1D].5U7
M14E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,XX-#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB
M;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-W!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T
M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

P
#`P
#`[)SXD



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4V

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

T0G=VED

#`P
M
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


7!X

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HU


P
#`P
#`[)SX@
M


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T




M
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HR




'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M

#`P
#`P.VUI
M;BUW:61T:#HQ


P
#`P
#`[



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`P+C@R


M+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C$U

M34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@
M(S`P
#`P

#`P
#MM



M0T]

#`P
#`P


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P



#`P



P
#`P


M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:
M13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P


M9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\+V9O

M;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M



T0G=VED=&@Z(#(P
M
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN
M+7=I9'1H.C(P


P
#`P
#`[
M)SY$:79I9&5N9'

M

M(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P

M;&4]
T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,XS

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
M


P
#`P



P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`P+C
S
#PO9F]N=#X\
'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F
M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-W!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

P
#`P
#`[



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

M+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/
M4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`P+C
X


'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
#`P

S

T0G=VED=&@Z(#=P

M-'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN

M9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P
M=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS

M(S`P
#`P




M25I%.B`Q
'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SX@,XS
S`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X\=&0@(!S



M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z




#`P


T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[
M)SX@,XT

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


P
#`P
#`[)SXD



P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H.C4Q

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`P+C
S
#PO

#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW
M:61T:#HR


M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M


M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-39P




#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M.B`U-G!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[


M)W=I9'1H.B`U
7!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
M
#`P

'0M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z
M(S`P,#`P,#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-W!X.R<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S='EL
M93TS1=W:61T:#H@

M(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@




M86QI9VXZ;&5F=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z
C`Q

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O
M;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B`@($AI9V@\


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW:61T:#HQ
'!X

T0G1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)


W!X.R!T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N
M.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P


#`P
#MM:6XM=VED


#`P
#`P.VUI;BUW


M0T]

M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\

M;&EG;CIR:6=H=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z-3%P
6QE/3-$)T9/3E0M1D%-24Q9.B!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M

#`P
M


#`P
M

T0G1D].5U714E'
M2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;CM&3TY4+5-)



M9'1H.B`Q.'!X.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
M

M63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
M
#`P

#`P
#MM:6XM


M;W(Z(S`P
#`P

Q-C`[/]T9#X\=&0@(!S


#`P

T0G
M1D].5U714E'2%0Z(&)O;&0[1D].5U&04U)3%DZ(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA

3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P

'!X.R!B;W)D

G!X

#`P
#MM:6XM=VED
M=&@Z



M;W1T;VTM=VED=&@Z

M.B
P
#`P

M+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/
M3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4+4%
24=..B!R:6=H

'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P
M



M9#X\=&0@(!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@


M.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

M9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=&3TY4+5=%24=(5#H@8F]L9#M&3TY4+49!34E
63H@
M5&EM97
@3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
M


P
#`P



M97AT+6%L:6=N.FQE9G0[8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P
#`[;6EN+7=I9'1H

63H@5&EM97
@3F5W
M(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#LG/B0\+V9O


3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[5$585U!3$E'


M;&4]


P
#`P



'!T.T-/3$]2.B`C
M
#`P




3U(Z(,P,#`P,#`[)SXD/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^/'1D

M=#MB;W)D97(M8V]L;W(Z(S`P
#`P



M;VTM=VED=&@Z

M
#`P
#MM:6XM=VED=&@Z





M8F]R9&5R+6-O;&]R.B
P
#`P

63H@5&EM97
@
M3F5W(%)O;6%N.T9/3E0M4TE:13H@
3!P=#M#3TQ/4CH@(S`P
#`P
#M415A4
M+4%

'!T
M.T-/3$]2.B`C
#`P


3-A
S$T7S1B83!?-&1C.%\Y968Q
M7S8T8C8W






]




]

#$T/&)R/E=+/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]
T1T:#Y-87D@


@




]


]

B!M;VYT:'



]




]



CQS


M96YT(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG



]


]
M



M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG
3



;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]E9C$S83
Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?.65F
5\V-&(V-S!E.#0Y-S0O




]




@*$1E=&%I;'



]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C4L(#(P


M;VQL:6YG($EN=&5R97-T(%M


T1T;W`^3W=N97)S:&EP(&EN=&5R97-T


T1T;W`^4F5D965M86)L92!I

]


]


]



]


]
M

]
T1T97AT




@57-E9G5L


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^36%X:6UU;2!;365M8F5R72!\(%-O9&EA86P@4T%3(%M-96UB97)=/]T



]






]
T1P


]









]




]


]
M

:69E/]T9#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


]



T1T;W`^/'-T

]





;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E9C$S83
Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?.65F
5\V-&(V-S!E.#0Y



]




]


]


]
T1T:#Y-
M87D@
C4L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^


C`Q


#$R/&)R/EEO:VD@06QI

C4L(#(P
3(\8G(^66]K:2!!;&EM96YT;W
@


]



]




T1T;W`^0V%S
M:!R96-E:79E9!O;B!S86QE/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$







]



]
T1N=6UP/C`\



]
M




L($=R


]


SDN



]





]




]
T1N=6UP/C(X+C(\

M-S`N

M86QI9VX]


]
T1N=6UP/C$L





]
T1N=6UP/C(U



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]



]


M+R\O0SHO968Q
V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&


O4VAE970T-BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D



T1T97AT

M:7

T0Q(')O=W-P
M86X]


M;CTS1#
^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

C`Q-#QB

#$R




T1T;W`^

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RXV/'-P86X^


]


]



]


]




]


]






]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@







]





]



\+W1D



T1T;W`^4')O9'5C=&EV:71Y







M;65N=P@86YD(&]T:&5R(&5X:70@8V]S=',\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@

]


]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^4')O9'5C=&EV:71Y($%N9!#;W-T(%-A=FEN
M9W

]



]


]





]



]
T1T



]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^4')O9'5C=&EV:71Y($%N9!#;W-T(%-A=FEN9W
@4&QA;B!;








]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@




]


]
M




]






]





M




]







]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
RXX/'-P


Q
M-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?.65F

M;G1E;G0]





SXQ
B!-;VYT:'



C`Q


]

M(%M


]





]
T1T





]


]




]


]
M



]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@


M87)T7V5F
3-A
S$T7S1B83!?-&1C.%\Y968Q7S8T8C8W
&4X-#DW-`T*0V]N





]

M



SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(U+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

C`Q


]




T1T;W`^4F5S


M;7`^


]







]
T1R93X-B`@(`@





]
T1N

]



]





]
M




N



]

]
T1T



]




]

]







T1T;W`^4F5S=')U8W1U










]
T1T


:6YE($ET

]
T1T97AT












]
T1N







V$S
31?-&)A
%\T
M9&

M.B\O+T
Z+V5F
3-A
S$T7S1B83!?-&1C.%\Y968Q7S8T8C8W






]


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C4L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@


]
T1T97AT



]




]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@











]


]
T1P


]




M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$4T0T%#/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M


C`Q


]







]






S
M

;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E9C$S83
Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?
M.65F

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS





]


M

]
T1T:#Y-87D@

M(#(P


@24X@2D])3E0@5D5.5%5215


]








\


T1T;W`^
M1&EV:61E;F1S(')E8V5I=F5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&
X7SEE9C%?-C1B

Z+V5F
3-A
M
S$T7S1B83!?-&1C.%\Y968Q7S8T8C8W

'0O:'1M;#L@


]





SXQ
B!-;VYT:'

M
C`Q

]
M


M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




]
T1N=6UP/C$L
M
#4W+C




]
T1N=6UP/C(V


]






]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#




]

]


\+W1D


]








@5V]R;&1W:61E
M(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]



T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L

BPQ
S(N


]

]
T1T



]




]





;V-A=&EO;CH@
M9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E9C$S83
Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?.65F
5\V-&(V-S!E.#0Y



]




M24Q
($%.1!/5$A%4B!)3E1!3D=)0DQ%($%34T544R!;06)S=')A8W1=/]S







]




]



M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&

M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V5F
3-A
S$T7S1B83!?-&1C.%\Y
M968Q7S8T8C8W








M

]
T1T:#Y-87D@
CDL
M(#(P


]
T1T



]

]
M




@86YD(&]T
M:&5R(&EN9&5F:6YI=&4M;&EV960@:6YT86YG:6)L97
\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@



]









]
T1N=6UP/C8P


]



]
M



]

30N


M;7`^
RPX
3
N



]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@
3
L-C
W+C













SXQ
B!-;VYT:'


M-BP@
C`Q


]



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]



]





]


BXW/'-P

3@U

]

]
T1N





]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

M;VYG/D=O;V1W:6QL(%M


]




]
M



]


]




T1T;W`^16YD:6YG(&)A;&%N8V4\+W1D


M




]
T1N=6UP/C$V

\+W1D/@T*


]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



]
T1N=6T^*#$Q

]

]
M





]


]



:6YE($ET96US73PO

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



C$N


]




]


]




]


]


C$N



]


]



]


M/D)E9VEN;FEN9R!B86QA;F-E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$



]



]








;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E9C$S83
Q-%\T
M8F$P7S1D8SA?.65F




M:78]

]
M

@*%-C:&5D=6QE(&]F(&-H
M86YG97


^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-2PP
M
34N



T1T;W`^06-Q=6ES:71I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@




]


34N



]




]


]
T1N=6UP/C8S/'-P86X^


]
M

M86=E(&]F($EN=&%N9VEB;&4@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L



]




]



]




]
M

]



]
M




]
T1T



]

RPS



M
T1T;W`^06-Q=6ES:71I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$

M1&YU;7`^




]




]

RPS
M








]


]
M
T1N=6UP/C$L-C




]


2PP-3`N


]


]



2PS-#0N
M

]


]


]
M




]
T1N=6UP


]
M






]


]


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E9C$S83
Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?
M.65F

T1#;VYT

]
T13:&]W+FIS



M26YS=')U;65N='



I/&)R/DEN($UI;&QI

T0Q/C$R($UO;G1H

T0Q
M
SXQ
B!-;VYT:'



T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@

T0V

T0Q/C
@36]N


M1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$





C`Q
SQB




]
T1T:#Y-87D@
M
C4L(#(P


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C4L(#(P
30\8G(^3F5T(%-A;&5S(%M-

]
T1T:#Y-87D@
M
C4L(#(P





M92!

@4F5T86EL(%M-

C`Q




@86YD($9O;V1S








]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C4L(#(P
30\
M8G(^5F5N97IU96QA(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@

M-2P@


M)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(U+`R
M


M97)=/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$


#$T(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/E1R96%S=7)Y($QO


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C4L(#(P
30\8G(^5'=O($AU;F1R960@1FEF='D@


M


#$V(%M-96UB97)=
M/&)R/E531`H)D\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^





M:6YA;F-I86P@26YS=')U;65N='


]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]




]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]


]
T1T




]





]





]





]



]






]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]


]





]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]




]
T1N=6UP/C(U



]
T1N=6UP/C8X


]




]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P




]





]





]



]





M








]







]





]





]



]



]
T1T97AT



]


]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

RXV-24\



]
T1N=6UP/C(N



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]




]



]
T1T




]





]





]





]






T1T;W`^1&5B

]
T1T




]





]





]





]


]




]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1N=6UP


M;7`^

]
M




]



]



]




]





]






]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P






]




]
T1T




]





]





]




]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]


]



]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



M1&YU;3XH
3`T+C




]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T

M;G5M/B@V



]





]





]



]

]
T1T97AT



]
M




]





]





]



]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T





]



]


]

:6%B

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M







]





]



]

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]





]





]



@4&5R8V5N=&%G92!O9B!#;VYS;VQI9&%T



]





]





]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T






]




]




]


]




]
T1T




]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M






]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]
M




]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M







]



]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



T1T;W`^






]
T1N=6UP


]
T1N=6UP/C





]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




]



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T



M;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO968Q
V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&
X







3(@36]N=&AS($5N



]



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3



S(V

M


]
M


]




]



]



]



S0\


M


S0N


]




;W-S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D


]
M
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^17%U:71Y(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@






]
T1R



]

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@


V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&

M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V5F
3-A
S$T7S1B83!?-&1C
M.%\Y968Q7S8T8C8W




]
M

L(&%N


M
C`Q

]


]




R




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^36%R:V5T(%9A;'5E/]T9#X-B`@(`@




T1T;W`^




]

]
M


]



M($UA='5R:71I97
@5VET:&EN($]N92!996%R(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@



]

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P




]
M



@9G)O;2!/;F4@=&]4

]
M



M86QE(%-E8W5R:71I97


T1T;W`^0V]S=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


T1T;W`^36%R:V5T(%9A;'5E/]T9#X-B`@

@








]
T1N

]



]



]






M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@/]T86)L93X-B`@

3-A
S$T
M7S1B83!?-&1C.%\Y968Q7S8T8C8W







]

T1)1#!%2TI!0SX-


^



#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]




I




]
T1N=6UP/C$S





]



]


]


;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E9C$S83
Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?.65F
5\V-&(V-S!E



]


L

@
M*%-C:&5D=6QE(&]F(&EN=&5R97-T(')A=&4@:&5D9V4@:6X@04]#22D@*$1E
M=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G





]



]

C`Q-2!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@



]

]
T1R;SX-




]



]


T1T;W`^





]




M86QI9VX]


]

]
M




]




]





]




]
T1P




]






]
T1N=6T^*#$T+C4I



T1T;W`^

#0S
M(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]







MB`@(`\+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?

V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&

M#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V5F
3-A
S$T7S1B83!?
M-&1C.%\Y968Q7S8T8C8W




M=!I9#TS1$E$,$4Q14%%/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&@@8VQA

]

L


C`Q



]



]

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P








]
M


;V-K(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@



]



]



3-A
S$T7S1B83!?
M-&1C.%\Y968Q7S8T8C8W





]

T1)1#!%5DI!23X-B`@(`@

M=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G



M86QI9VX]




]
T1R


]

]

M;7`^-#8N

]


]



]




T1T

]
T1N






]
T1N=6T^*#(S+C$I/'-P86X^

C4N
BD\






T1T;W`^3F5T($%M;W5N
M='
@;V8@3&EA8FEL:71I97





]


M;7`^


]
T1N



]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6]D:71Y($-O;G1R86-T(%M-96UB97)=/]T






]


]
T1N=6T^*#$Y

]








M($-O;&QA=&5R86P@4F5C96EV960L($=R;W-S($%M;W5N='
@;F]T($]F9G-E
M=!I;B!T:&4@0F%L86YC92!3:&5E=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S



]



M;&ET:65S(%M



]


@;V8@4F5C;V=N:7IE



M9VX]




]
M







]
T1N


]

M1&YU;3XH


]
T1N=6T^*#







]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



]
T1N=6UP/C$P+C


M;7`^


]


]


]






]
M



]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T($%M;W5N=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S




M:65S(%M


]



#QS


]

]


]

]
T1N=6UP



L($=R;W-S($%M;W5N='
@;F]T



]




]


M($5X8VAA;F=E($-O;G1R86-T(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D

]
M

]
M





XU/'-P86X^/]S


T1T;W`^1W)O

@3&EA8FEL:71I97




]
T1N=6UP




]







]
T1N=6UP/C(N-3QS


]

]




\+W1D




@
M07-S971S($]F9G-E=!I;B!T:&4@0F%L86YC92!3:&5E=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@


]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

3DN
2D\



L($=R;W-S($%M;W5N='
@;F]T


]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M




^+RH@1&\@



]



M='



]





]

P+C




]
T1N=6UP/C$T




M86QU92!$:7-C;&]S=7)E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M



M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R



]


]


]
T1T


@6TQI;F4@271E;7-=


T1T;W`^





M

@2&5D9VEN9R!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^

]

M86QU92!86QA;F-E(%-H965T($=R;W5P:6YG($9I;F%N8VEA;!3=&%T96UE
M;G0@0V%P=&EO;G





T1T
M;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!

T1T;W`^3&5V96P@
2!;365M

]






T1T;W`^3W1H97(@07-S971S





T1T
M;W`^3W1H97(@3&EA8FEL:71I97




]



T1T;W`^3&5V96P@

M960@87



]



]







]
T1P;!V
M86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3&5V96P@,2!;365M8F5R72!\($YO=!$97-I9VYA=&5D


:6YE($ET

]
T1T97AT




]
T1N=6UP/C$P+C







]




]
T1N=6UP/C$S-XQ/'-P86X^/]S








]
M




]



]
T1T





]



]
T1N=6T^


M961G:6YG(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


]




]




M86ER(%9A;'5E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-2XT




]
T1P





T1T;W`^5&]T86P@07-S971S


]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D]T:&5R($QI86)I;&ET:65S($9A:7(@5F%L=64@1&ES

]




]





]




M96UE;G0@0V%P=&EO;G




T1T;W`^
M1&5R:79A=&EV92!


]






]



]




M1&YU;7`^

]




]



]



]

]







]
M









M




]

M;F%N8VEA;!3=&%T96UE;G0@0V%P=&EO;G,@6TQI;F4@271E;7-=/]S=')O


]







T1T;W`^26YT97)E


]




]



#QS

]




]




]

M;F%N8VEA;!3=&%T96UE;G0@0V%P=&EO;G,@6TQI;F4@271E;7-=/]S=')O


]




M;'5E/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q



]






]
M





]



]



]




:6YE

]
T1T



]











]


]
T1N=6UP









]




]











]
T1T



]


]



]




:6YE($ET

]
T1T97AT



]










]



]
T1N=6UP/C`\










]








]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^17%U:71Y($-O;G1R86-T(%M-96UB97)=
M('P@3&5V96P@,2!;365M8F5R72!\($YO=!$97-I9VYA=&5D(&%S($AE9&=I





]




]








]




]





]



]

@6TUE



]



]








]



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@



]



3
N

]







]




]


3`N


]

M;7`^


]




]





]
T1N=6UP/C@\





T1T;W`^0V]M;6]D:71Y($-O;G1R
M86-T(%M-96UB97)=('P@3&5V96P@


]






]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C`\







]




]



T1T;W`^1&5R:79A=&EV92!
:6%B:6QI='D@





]




]



#QS

]




]


T1T


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



]

]
M

]
T1N=6T^*#
P+C0I




@2&5D9VEN9R!;365M8F5R73PO=&0^#0H@

]


M92!86QA;F-E(%-H965T($=R;W5P:6YG($9I;F%N8VEA;!3=&%T96UE;G0@
M0V%P=&EO;G





T1T;W`^1&5R:79A
M=&EV92!


]


@6TUE;6)E






]



]
T1N=6UP/C$T


]
T1N=6UP/C`\



2!;

]






T1T;W`^3W1H97(@07-S



]
T1N=6UP



M

]






T1T;W`^3W1H97(@



T1T;W`^3W1H97(@3&EA8FEL:71I97
@





]

]
T1T





]


]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@












I(A$971A:6QS*2`H55-$(0I/&)R/DEN($UI;&QI;VYS



#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\


]
T1R;SX-



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3$N


T1T;W`^06UO=6YT(&]F(&YE=!G86EN(AL
M;W-S*2!R96-L87-S:69I960@9G)O;2!!3T-)(&EN=&\@96%R;FEN9W
\+W1D

]
T1N=6T^*#$W+C


I(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@96%R;FEN9W
\+W1D

]
T1R:#X-


]


]
M


]





]

34N
2D\


]

M=R!(961G:6YG(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


]


]






]
T1R93X-



2XW


]
T1N=6UP/C`\




M9VX]



]
M
T1N=6UP/C`N








]
T1R;SX-





]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@


]



@6TQI;F4@271E


T1T

I(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@;W1H97(@


]





]




M(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]

]
T1T



I(')E8V]G;FEZ960@
M:6X@96%R;FEN9W



]




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^06UO=6YT(&]F(&YE=!G86EN




]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C`\




M1&YU;7`^

]


M


]


]
T1T97AT


@

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^06UO=6YT(&]F(&YE=!G86EN(AL;W-S*2!R96-O9VYI


M;7`^

]



]




]


T1T;W`^0V]M;6]D:71Y($-O;G1R86-T(%M-96UB97)=


]



M;65N='
@1V%I;B!
;W-S(%M


]





T1T;W`^06UO
M=6YT(&]F(&YE=!G86EN(AL;W-S*2!R96-L87-S:69I960@9G)O;2!!3T-)
M(&EN=&\@96%R;FEN9W


]




]




@1V%I;B!
;W-S(%M

]
M



]
T1N=6UP






]




Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?.65F
5\V




T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
T0Q/CQS


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C4L(#(P
30\8G(^




I(&EN








]






]


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&
X7SEE9C%?

Z+V5F
M
3-A
S$T7S1B83!?-&1C.%\Y968Q7S8T8C8W

'0O:'1M



]






M97




@1'5E($9E8G)U87)Y
M(#(P


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C4L(#(P



&%C.RD\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@

MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(U+`R
#$T/&)R/D9L;V%T
M:6YG(%)A=&4@3F]T97

C`Q
R!$=64@2F%N=6%R





#$S/&)R/D9I=F4@5'=O($9I=F4@

]
M
T1T:#Y-87D@
C4L(#(P


M3F]T97


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C4L(#(P


#$R/&)R/D9I


]



]
T1T




]




]



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C4P

M)B-X









]
M



]



BXQ



]


]
T1N=6UP/C`N.#@E


M86QI9VX]





]

]

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG=&AR964M#0IM;VYT


]








]



]





]




]
M
T1N=6UP/C
P


]




]






]



]

3$N


]



B!-;VYT:'
L($YE=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@


]




]




]


M5&5R;2!$96)T($UA='5R:71I97



]



]







]




]
T1T




]




]
T1N=6UP/C$L




]



]






]
T1T




]





]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]







^+RH@1&\@


$5(





C`Q



]



T1T;W`^3F]T97




T1T;W`^5V5I

]
T1N=6UP/C(N

M96UB97)=('P@55




]




]



]



]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@




V$S
31?-&)A
%\T
M9&

O4VAE970V.2YH=&UL


M87-C:6DB
M#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]


@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I9FEE


T1T;W`^


]





@6TUE

]
T1R




T1T;W`^









]

]
T1R

#QS

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^
M0V]M;6ET=&5D($-R961I=!&86-I;&ET:65S(%M-96UB97)=('P@36%Y(#(P
M


]




]

M1&YU;7`^

]
T1P;!V86QI
M9VX],T1T;W`^0V]M;6ET=&5D($-R961I=!&86-I;&ET:65S(%M-96UB97)=
M('P@07!R:6P@

M86QI9VX]


]
M




T1T;W`^56YC;VUM:71T960@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL:71Y(%M-
M96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

M;VYG/DQI;F4@;V8@0W)E9&ET($9A8VEL:71Y(%M



T1T;W`^1F%C:6QI




M87)T7V5F
3-A
S$T7S1B83!?-&1C.%\Y968Q7S8T8C8W
&4X-#DW-`T*0V]N





]

M



C`Q
M


C`Q

M(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(U+`R
#$T/&)R/D9I=F4@4V5V96X@

]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L(#(P
3
\8G(^

#$W(%M-


C`Q


#(Q(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^

#$U(%M-96UB97)=/&)R

#$U(%M-96UB

]
M
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L(#(P
3
\8G(^1FEV92!4=V\@1FEV92!097)C96YT($YO

C`Q




C`Q
SQB

M

@1'5E($9E8G)U
M87)Y(#(P-#

M/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(V+`R,#$S/&)R/D9O=7(@3VYE($9I=F4@4&5R8V5N=!.

C`T


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C4L(#(P
M

C`Q


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L(#(P
3

M=64@36%Y(#(P


C`Q



]
T1T:#Y-87D@
M
C4L(#(P
30\8G(^3VYE($9I=F4@1FEV92!097)C96YT($YO=&5S($1U92!-
M87D@

]
M
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L(#(P
3
\8G(^3VYE($9I=F4@1FEV92!097)C96YT($YO
M=&5S($1U92!-87D@


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C4L(#(P

]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L(#(P
M
3


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C4L(#(P



]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C4L(#(P
30\8G(^365D:75M+71E



M


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L(#(P
3
\8G(^3W1H




]





]





]





]



]



]
T1R





M


M1&YU;7`^-2XR


]
T1N=6UP/C(N



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

RXV-24\



]
T1N







]




]

M:6YI;75M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T




]





]







]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]




]
T1T




]





]





]





]







]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2PP
#`\

M(#$L



]




]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3`P/'-P86X^

]
T1N


]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@



]

]


T1T;W`^0W5R



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]





]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]




M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E9C$S83,Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?
M.65F,5\V-&(V-S!E.#0Y-S0-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO968Q
V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&

M:&5E='
O4VAE970W
2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M




T0Q/CPO=&@^#0H@


T0Q/C
@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D

3(@
M36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@@8V]L

M;CTS1#$^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

C`Q-#QB

\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$


C`Q




C`Q



#$T/&)R/E-O9&EA86P@4T%3(%M-96UB

]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C4L(#(P

]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C4L(#(P
30\8G(^3&EB97)T92!-87)Q



]


]



]



]





]



]


]

]
T1T




]




]





]





]




]




]



M-3`N


]




]



]







]
T1N=6UP






]




]




]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



T1T;W`^



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


M86QI9VX]



]
T1N=6UP/C
Q
2XR/'-P

C8S



]
M




]


M-38N

]
M








@0V5R96%L



]




]
T1T



]

]





]



M

]
M











]


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]


]





]



]
T1T97AT/B=T:')E92UM;VYT


M9VX]



]
M




]








]





]

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG




M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



3X\


@;W1H97)W:7-E

]
M

3
@06-C


3

@

M+B`R-2P@
C`Q







#$R/&)R/E1R96%S=7)Y(%-T;V-K
M(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L


]





]





]



M;7`^
C0N

M86QI9VX]


]


#QS


3



@875T


]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



T1T;W`^



]
T1N=6UP/B0@

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#
P


M968Q
V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&

M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V5F
3-A
S$T7S1B83!?-&1C.%\Y968Q
M7S8T8C8W



]


R!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H/@T*

SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@


C
L(#(P


]

C`Q


#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C4L(#(P
30\8G(^

C`Q
CQB

]


]




]
T1T



]


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


M87-S/3-$;G5M/B0@*#0R



]



]


#8\


]




]





M

]
T1T




]








]



]







]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



T1T
M;W`^2&5D9V4@9&5R:79A=&EV97


]











]




]






]



]
T1N=6T^*#@X

]

]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



]


]
T1N=6UP/C0U

M;7`^
S8V+C



2PX-34N



]




]



]



]
T1T97AT



]
M




]





]






T1T;W`^1F]R96EG;B!C=7)R96YC


]



]






]
M




]
T1N=6UP/C







]





]






]


]
T1N=6UP/C$N


]
M

]
T1T97AT



]
M





]




]





]





]



]
T1N=6UP/C$V
M+C

M=&]P/D%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;B!O9B!L;W-S97

M8V]S='

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]
T1N=6UP/C$S

]
M




]







]

]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^





]



]




]



]
T1T




]
T1N=6T^*#
Q+C






]





]




]

]



]


]

]
T1R

]
T1T97AT



]
M







]



T1T;W`^2&5D9V4@9&5R:79A=&EV97
\+W1D/@T*



]



]
T1N=6T^*#8N
BD\

M/D%M;W)T:7IA=&EO;B!O9B!L;W-S97

M='


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M

]
T1P

]






]


]



]



]
T1R


]





]

]
T1N=6T^*#(W


T1T



]





]





]



]






]




]








]





]







]





]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]



M;7`^


]

]
T1T97AT



]
M











]



]





]





]




]





]




2PX-34N


]
M



]
M




]


]
M




]



]


]




]



]
T1R;SX-

]



]

3DN



T1T;W`^3F5T


]





]





]



]





]




]



]


]



]



#QS


]

]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P





]





]


@86YD



]





]




]
M




]


3DN






]



]






]



]



]



3@N



]
T1T97AT



]
M




]


]



]


]




]





]


I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


]
M





M97

]
T1T97AT



]
M




]



]



]





]




M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S+C@I




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]

]
M




]



]





]





]





]



]





]



]
T1N=6T^*#$P


]

]



]





]





]

S$N



T1T;W`^5&]T

I(&%T=')I8G5T86)L92!T


]





]








^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$4Q34%#/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S


@8F%L
M86YC97


C`Q
SQB

]





]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@




]


M/E-E8W5R:71I97

]
T1N=6UP

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX]
M,T1T;W`^2&5D9V4@9&5R:79A=&EV97,\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@(`\=&0@8VQA

]
T1N=6T^*#





]



]
T1R;SX-


]


]



M
2PS-#`N

M/3-$;G5M/B0@*#$L-3@U+C

M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E9C$S83
Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?.65F
5\V-&(V-S!E




T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M4W1O8VL@4&QA;G

I(A54T0@)D\8G(^
M26X@36EL;&EO;G


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L(#(P
3





]




T1T;W`^


@












]


]
T1T97AT




]
M





M871E;65N='



]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]


]




]
M





:6YE

]
T1T






]




M86QI9VX]


M1&%T:6YG/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG


@



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^





C@N.3QS


]




]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@
3


MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E9C$S83
Q-%\T8F$P7S1D
M8SA?.65F


T0G


^#0H@(`@(`\



]


#$T/&)R/CPO

]
T1T:#Y-87D@

3(\8G(^


M0TL@4$Q!3E



]



@;V8@


#




M;G

]
T1T97AT


]

BXY


]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

]

65A









V$S
31?
M-&)A
%\T9&

O4VAE970W


M
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q





T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M4W1O8VL@4&QA;G
@*%-C:&5D=6QE(&]F(&EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(&]N('-T;V-K



]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L(#(P
3


M;G


]






]
T1R93X-

]
T1N=6UP/C(L-S@Y+#@P


]
T1N
M=6UP/C0L
#8Y+#`P

]
T1P

M/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q


T1T;W`^


M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S.30L



]


38Y+#`P





SDL-38T+#DP



]

]
T1N=6UP/C(Y+#0U
BPX


M

M;7`^
SDL-38T+#DP

]
T1P




M)`S,XR


]
T1N=6UP/B0@




]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M
C









]





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B]E9C$S83
Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?.65F
5\V-&(V-S!E.#0Y-S0O5V]R:W-H


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]








]
T1T



]
T1T:#Y-87D@
M





]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M















^
3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@


#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@








]



]






]
T1R







BPR



]




]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

BPP




C$S+#4P



L



]




]



]




M



]

]





]



]





T1T;W`^3F]N+79E


]






T1T;W`^5F5S=&5D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@





M1&YU;3XH-C@L



]
T1R


]
T1T





T1T;W`^1W)A;G1E9#PO=&0^

]




T1T;W`^1F]R






]
T1T






]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C(L
C@W
M+#@P


]
T1T



]




]





]










]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C@N



]

]
T1N=6UP
M/B0@

#




]





M+R\O0SHO968Q
V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&


O4VAE970X


T0G







R!-;VYT:'

SXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD


C
L(#(P
30\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@

]


C`Q

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C4L(#(P

C`Q



]



]




]






M


]





M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D%V97)A9V4@;G5M8F5R(&]F(&-O;6UO;B!S:&%R97
@
M+2!B87-I8R!%4%

]
T1T97AT




]




]





]





]





]


3(N









]


]



M;6UO;B!S:&%R97


]



]



]
T1R;SX-



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


T1T;W`^16%R;FEN9W







CQS

]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@



V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&


Z+V5F
3-A
S$T7S1B
M83!?-&1C.%\Y968Q7S8T8C8W






]





]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L(#(P
M
3




]





XV/'-P86X^/]S

M(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO968Q
V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&


O4VAE970X
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A

M

M;W9E(%1H:7


T0Q
M(')O=W-P86X]



I
M(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G



]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L
M(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(W





]




M;R!D96-L:6YE(AU;'1I;6%T92!R871E*3PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C



]





]







]


]



]




]









]
T1N=6UP/C8Y

]
M

]


]









T1T;W`^56YD97(@06=E(#8U(%M-
M96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M

]
T1T97AT



]

]
T1N=6UP/C8N-3`E/'-P86X^


]
M




]




]
M


]
T1T




]



]




]


M;7`^.#4N

@17%U:71Y(%-E8W5R:71I97
@6TUE;6)E




M9SY$969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;BP@26YF;W)M871I;VX@06)O=70@4&QA



M9VX]

M='
@17%U:71Y(%-E8W5R:71I97


]




@


T1T;W`^




T1T;W`^5&%R9V5T($%L;&]C871I;VX@4&5R8V5N=&%G92!O

@17%U:71Y(%-E8W5R:71I97

]









M969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;BP@26YF;W)M871I;VX@06)O=70@4&QA;B!!



M

@
M17%U:71Y(%-E8W5R:71I97


]



@;V8@
M55


]




]




]





M1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86XL($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N($%B;W5T(%!L86X@

]
T1T


M4&5R:6]D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG-2!Y96%R



]





T1T

@;6%D92!D=7)I




]





]
T1N=6UP/C



3`N



]



]


M1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86XL($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N($%B;W5T(%!L86X@

]
T1T




T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4&]S

M=&%T97
@17%U:71Y(%-E8W5R:71I97










T1T;W`^5&%R9V5T

@17%U:71Y(%-E8W5R
M:71I97

]









]
T1T97AT





]


M;G



]

M9!96YE9FET(%!L86XL($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N($%B;W5T(%!L86X@07-S971S

]




M+W1A8FQE/@T*(`\+V)O9'D^#0H\+VAT;6P^#0H-BTM+2TM+3U?3F5X=%!A

V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&

M96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V5F
3-A
S$T7S1B83!?-&1C.%\Y
M968Q7S8T8C8W



]
T1T




M

]
M










T1T;W`^
M56YD97(@06=E(#8U(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]



]




]


T1T;W`^



]
T1R93X-B`@(`@


]


3-A
S$T7S1B83!?-&1C.%\Y968Q7S8T8C8W
M


]
M






3XQ
B!-;VYT:'


M/D1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=!0;&%N($5F9F5C=!/9B!/;F4@4&5R8V5N=&%G
M92!0;VEN=!#:&%N9V4@26X@07-S=6UE9!(96%L=&@@0V%R92!#;W-T(%1R


]




]

M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^169F96-T(&]F(&]N92!P97)C96YT86=E('!O:6YT(&1E



]



M-S
N

M7V5F
3-A
S$T7S1B83!?-&1C.%\Y968Q7S8T8C8W
&4X-#DW-`T*0V]N=&5N





]

T1)
M1#!%







^

C`Q

M
#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$










]
M

]
M


C
N


]


34N
CQS


]

M87-S/3-$;G5M/B@R






]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C4L


U



M=!0;&%N+!#:&%N9V4@:6X@4')O:F5C=&5D($)E;F5F:70@3V)L:6=A=&EO


]


]
M
T1N=6UP/C4L





]


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q-XS/'-P86X^/]S


SDN-3QS

]




]

]


]





]



]




M9VX]
T1T;W`^0F5N969I='


]
T1N=6T^*#(R



]

]
T1N=6UP/C



]




]



]


]
T1N=6T^*#8N

M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S
34N



M96YE9FET(%!L86YS(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]


]

M=F%L:6=N/3-$=&]P/D9A:7(@=F%L=64@870@8F5G:6YN:6YG(&]F('EE87(\







XQ/'-P86X^/]S


T1T;W`^4&QA;B!P







T1T;W`^1F]R96EG;B!C

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]







]



2PQ-#@N










]
T1N=6UP

M/3-$=&]P/E!L86X@86UE;F1M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


]





]

M
3


M9VX]





]
T1N=6T^*#$Q

]
M










T1T;W`^06-Q=6ES


3`N-#QS


]



M
2PQ


@=&AA;B!B96YE9FET(&]B;&EG871I
M;VX@87
@;V8@9FES8V%L('EE87(@96YD/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L

M/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W
3$N


M9FET(%!L86YS(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$


]


]
M




]


M960@0F5N969I=!0;&%N+!#:&%N9V4@:6X@4')O:F5C=&5D($)E;F5F:70@


]



]


30Q+C


]



T1T;W`^26YT97)E



]
M


]




]
T1T97AT






]



T1T;W`^
M0F5N969I='





]



]


M969I=!O8FQI9V%T:6]N(&%T(&5N9!O9B!Y96%R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@



]

]
T1N=6T^


V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&

M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V5F
3-A
S$T7S1B83!?-&1C
M.%\Y968Q7S8T8C8W




]
M

M9'5L92!O9B!A;6]U;G1S(')E8V]G;FEZ960@:6X@04]#22D@*$1E=&%I;'
I
M(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G




M

M(%M


]


]

]
T1R


]


]




]

]





]

M;W-S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#
X.2XR*3QS





@

M;W-S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#0Q-2XS*3QS



T1T;W`^/'-T

:6YE($ET

]
T1T97AT




M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q-C@N


@*&-R
M961I='


38N-CQS

M/D%M;W5N='



M86QI9VX]


]
T1R

]







]


M;6]U;G1S(')E8V]R9&5D(&EN(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D(&]T:&5R(&-O;7!R96AE


]
T1N


;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E9C$S83
Q-%\T8F$P7S1D
M8SA?.65F



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W




@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I

]
T1T:#Y-
M87D@
C8L(#(P
3

M=&]P/D1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=!096YS:6]N(%!L86YS(%M-96UB97)=/]T



M;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!096YS:6]N(%!L86YS(%=I=&@@06-C=6UU;&%T



]




]

]











]
T1P



]

M1&YU;7`^




]
T1N=6UP/C0S-BXY/'-P

M;W-T96UP;&]Y;65N=!96YE9FET(%!L86YS(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@



]


@6T%B

]
T1T

M/3-$=&]P/E!R;VIE8W1E9!B96YE9FET(&]B;&EG871I;VX\+W1D/@T*(`@

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$T

M;7`^



]
T1N=6UP/B0@




M87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O

$510T)'/@T*(`@(`@/'1R/@T*


M


M96YT($)E;F5F:71S(A38VAE9'5L92!O9B!C;VUP;VYE;G1S(&]F(&YE=!P


T0S


M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(V+`R
#$S/&)R/CPO

T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE
M9FET(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G





]




C0N-#QS


]

]
M


C
W+C




]







@*&-R961I='
I/]T9#X-B`@







]
M


]



]





]





]




]


]




]

M

M;G5M/B@S




]





M86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@S+C0I/'-P86X^


]
T1N=6UP




]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T(AI;F-O;64I


M9VX]





]
T1T







]
T1N=6UP
















]



]


]
M


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



V$S
M
31?-&)A
%\T9&

M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V5F
3-A
S$T7S1B83!?-&1C.%\Y968Q7S8T8C8W
M





]





3XQ
B!-
M;VYT:'




M9VX]




]





@*&-R961I='
I/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


M;F5F:70@4&QA;G

]



]


]



]













;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E9C$S83
Q-%\T8F$P7S1D
M8SA?.65F



M@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
T1#

]
T13:&]W







]

M96YS:6]N(%!L86YS(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]


]


]
T1N=6UP/C0N-30E/'-P86X^




]

]
T1T




]

]







]
M



]
T1P

RXX



]

]
T1N=6UP/C0N


M9C$S83
Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?.65F

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4







]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


@




]


]


T1T;W`^4F%T92!O










]



]



M=6QA=&EN9R!.970@4&5R:6]D:6




]
M

]
T1N=6UP/C0N




]
T1P


]
T1N=6UP/C`N





R4\

M+C

]


]


M9FEN960@0F5N969I=!0;&%N(%=E:6=H=&5D($%V97)A9V4@07-S=6UP=&EO
M;G,@57-E9!);B!#86QC=6QA=&EN9R!.970@4&5R:6]D:6




]


]
T1N=6UP/C




]

]
T1N=6UP



]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C`N








^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\




M/E)E=&ER96UE;G0@0F5N969I='



I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@36EL;&EO
M;G

MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(U+`R
#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^

]
T1T:#Y-87D@




]






T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86X@




U
RXY/'-P86X^



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P





]



]
M





]




T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L





T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET
M(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G

]
T1T97AT



M86QI9VX]



]



]




]






T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE
M9FET(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G


]






]



M;7`^







M:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M


]



M86ER(%9A;'5E($]F(%!L86X@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L



]

'0^




]


]
T1N=6UP
M/C$L


]
M


]





M9VX]


]
M



]




]


M;7`^
3








]
T1T


]




]

979E






M;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^




T1T;W`^1&5F
M:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G

M(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]

]
T1T



]

BPR






M969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M
:6YE($ET96US73PO

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P

M969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!&86ER(%9A;'5E($]F(%!L86X@07-S971S





]

979E


]






T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!


]
T1N=6UP/C@P


]
T1R:#X-

B!;365M
M8F5R72!\(%)E86P@87-S970@:6YV97-T;65N='






M($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M


]



C@N




T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE
M9!96YE9FET(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G

M96UB97)=('P@3W1H97(@26YV97-T;65N='



M;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M


]


M;F5F:70@4&QA;B!&86ER(%9A;'5E($]F(%!L86X@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@



]
T1R:#X-B`@(`@

B!;365M8F5R72!\



]


]




]



]



]







]
T1R:#X-

R!;365M


]






]






]


]
M








]
M




M8F5R72!\($QE=F5L(#

]
T1T97AT



M86QI9VX]



]
T1N=6UP/C
V








]


]
T1N=6UP
M/C`N

]
M
T1N=6UP/C`N


]


@


T1T;W`^

:6YE

]
T1T





#QS


]

]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C0S-BXY/'-P

S4X


@6TUE;6)E

]
M




]



]



]


]






]
M

\


T1T;W`^3W1H


]




]





]


M96YT($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;G




]
M



]
T1N=6UP/C$U
M

M;7`^
3





]


]











]
T1T


]
T1N=6UP/C$Q
2XW

M



M96UB97)=('P@3&5V96P@


]






]
M

\


T1T;W`^3W1H

]


]








]
T1R:#X-





]



]




M



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

]



]







]







T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE




T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4&]S=')E=&ER

]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C(X


T1T






M($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M


]



CDN




T1T;W`^3W1H97(@4&]S

]



]






]





]




]
T1R;SX-

\+W1D/@T*





]






T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!



]





]


]






]





]
T1R

]




]




T1T






M($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M


]




C`N









]





]




]





]







T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE

]





M96UB97)=('P@3W1H97(@26YV97-T;65N='



M;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M


]


M;F5F:70@4&QA;B!&86ER(%9A;'5E($]F(%!L86X@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@




]





M4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M


]

M4&QA;B!&86ER(%9A;'5E($]F(%!L86X@07-S971S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@


Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?.65F
5\V



I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@
M36EL;&EO;G

#$T/&)R

C`Q



MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(U+`R
#$T/&)R/D1E9FEN

]
T1T:#Y-87D@
M
C8L(#(P
3
\8G(^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G
@6TUE



C`Q



]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L(#(P
3
\8G(^1&5F:6YE9!96YE
M9FET(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G

M='

M36%Y(#(U+`R,#$T/&)R/D1E9FEN960@0F5N969I=!096YS:6]N(%!L86YS
M(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/DQE=F5L(#

@6TUE;6)E

M/&)R/DQE=F5L(#


C`Q


979E

M



M;G



M:70@4&QA;G


C`Q




M

@6TUE



M96YT($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;G

R!;365M8F5R




M;65N=!96YE9FET(%!L86YS(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/DQE=F5L(#
@6TUE;6)E



M96YE9FET(%!L86YS(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/DQE=F5L(#



#$T

@6TUE;6)E










]





]





]



]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P








]
T1N=6UP/B0@-C$N
CQS





]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C`U+C


W+C(\





]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C`N


]
M
T1N=6UP/B0@





]





]



#QS

]
T1T97AT



]
M
T1N=6T^*#0N





]







]





]


]


C4N-2D\


]
T1N




]





]


]






]





]


]
T1N=6UP/C$Y

]
M




]


]

]


]
T1N=6UP/C$N














]
T1N=6UP/B0@-S



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


M-C@N




M


#4N


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C




]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C`N


]
T1N=6UP/B0@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
M




^+RH@1&\@


$5-
M




M='




]



]


]
T1R


#`N
#`E

M

]




]





]



]









]





]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86XL
M(%=E:6=H=&5D+4%V97)A9V4@07-S970@06QL;V-A=&EO;G,\+W1D/@T*(`@

]



T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!
M96YE9FET(%!E;G-I;VX@4&QA;G


T1T


]
M





M;F5F:70@4&QA;G




T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE9FET(%!L86XL(%=E:6=H
M=&5D+4%V97)A9V4@07-S970@06QL;V-A=&EO;G




]
T1N=6UP/C(X+CDP)3QS

]




@


T1T;W`^/'-T

:6YE($ET

]
T1T97AT




M4&QA;G


T1T


]
M





M;F5F:70@4&QA;G




M9SY$969I;F5D($)E;F5F:70@4&QA;B!$:7-C;&]S=7)E(%M
:6YE($ET96US

]



]
T1N


M4&%R=%]E9C$S83
Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?.65F





]
T1T:#Y-
M87D@
C4L(#(P



]

M9'D@4F5C96EP='




M96EP='
L(%EE87(@5'=O/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M

M/3-$=&]P/DUE9&EC87)E(%-U8G-I9'D@4F5C96EP='
L(%EE87(@5&AR964\






]
T1N=6UP/C8N-#QS

]

C4N

]

]



]




T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!


]









]

]


]




]



]







]
T1N





]




]


M

M1G5T=7)E($)E;F5F:70@4&%Y;65N='


T1T;W`^1&5F:6YE9!96YE

M97AT(%1W96QV92!-;VYT:'



]







M:70@4&%Y;65N='


]




M83
Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?.65F


M(&-O;G1E;G0]




T0Q

#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT

C`Q

M


#$T






]



2PV
#`L
#`P/'-P86X^

]
M





]




]
T1N
M=6UP/C4W+#(P



]




]


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


M86QI9VX]



]








]




]

C4L
C`P+#`P


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]




]





S
L-S`P+#`P


]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]


]

RPS
#`L



]



]



]
T1T97AT



]





]



]





M
!B96YE9FET<R!A;F0@86-C<G5E9!I

]
T1N=6UP/C(P+#`P
M

]
M




]



]
T1N=6UP/C
L
#`P+#`P


]



]







^+RH@1&\@


$50




M961U;&4@;V8@96%R;FEN9W


@86YD('1H92!C

I(A54T0@)D\
M8G(^26X@36EL;&EO;G


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L(#(P
3
\8G(^







]

]
T1N
M=6UP/C0W







M
BPR

]




]

]
T1N=6UP/C4R




]
T1P

]





]
T1R

3`N


]



]
T1N=6UP/C8X


]


]
T1N=6T^*#$N





]
T1R;W4^#0H@



]









^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5*1$%%/@T*(`@(`@

2!R;W=S


M(')E8V]N8VEL871I;VX@;V8@=&AE(&5F9F5C=&EV92!I;F-O;64@=&%X(')A


]


]
M
T1T:#Y-87D@

3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@





]



]
T1N=6UP/C
U+C`P

]
M
T1N=6UP/C

]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/C$N

2XT


]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


M;3XH


BXP




]
M
T1N=6UP/C`N






T1T;W`^
M1&]M97-T:6


]
T1N=6T^*#(N



T1T;W`^3W1H97(L


M



RXS



BXQ

;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E9C$S83
Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?.65F
5\V-&(V-S!E



]


@*%-C:&5D=6QE









3DN


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^56YR96%L:7IE
M9!H961G97


]

]
T1N=6T^*#(I/'-P

3$R








3



]
T1N=6UP


M





]

M






2PT



]
T1N=6UP/C$L
S@P+C0\


M86QI9VX]



38X+C


]




]
T1N


]
T1N




]




]


]
T1N=6UP





M;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO968Q
V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&


O4VAE970Q


^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5&3$%#

M/3-$




CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@16YD960\+W1H

M/3-$=&@^36%Y(#(U+`R,#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT:!C;&%S

C`Q


]


]


S$N


]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C


]

M9'5C=&EO;G





M(&QI;6ET871I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@W



]
T1N=6UP/B0@


3-A
S$T7S1B83!?-&1C.%\Y
M968Q7S8T8C8W

T0G=&5X


^#0H@(`@(`\='(^

M;G1I;F=E;F-I97

I(A54T0@)D\8G(^
M26X@36EL;&EO;G

#$T



]




S0P+C8\



]
T1N=6UP/C(X



@9'5E('5N



M971S+U-H965T


M151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]

]


96%S97



M;'-P86X]


M


T1T;W`^/'-T






]








]





T1T




M86QI9VX]











;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#
M.B]E9C$S83
Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?.65F
5\V-&(V-S!E.#0Y-S0O5V]R:W-H

RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\

T1T97AT+VIA

@

T0Q(')O=W-P86X]
M



]


]






]

]



M86QI9VX]
T1T;W`^1'5E(&%F=&5R(&9I9G1H('EE87(\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]
T1R;W4^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



]




]

]


]

XX/'-P86X^/]S


]
T1N=6UP
M/C`N

]


]
M





]
T1R93X-B`@(`@






;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL
M93HO+R]#.B]E9C$S83
Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?.65F
5\V-&(V-S!E.#0Y-S0O

M







]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@



]


]







]





]
T1R:#X-


]




M86QI9VX]



V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&

M;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V5F
3-A
S$T7S1B83!?-&1C
M.%\Y968Q7S8T8C8W



]

M:60]


]

M


]

C4L(#(P
M
3

C0L
M(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^3F]V+B`R
M-2P@
C`Q


]
T1T:#Y-
M87D@
C8L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^



]
M




]



]










]
T1N=6UP/B0@






]



]



]
M




]




]





]



]
T1N=6UP/C



T1T





]










]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^




M(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




M9VX]



]



]






]




M




]



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


:6YE($ET

]
T1T97AT



]
M




]


]



]





]




]




3`Q+C8\


]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]







]





]



]





3`L-#@P



]





]
T1N=6UP/C(L





]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^



T1T;W`^


]
T1T




]





]



]
T1N=6UP/C4L



]
T1T97AT



]
M
T1N=6UP/C0W





]

M9VUE;G1S(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X


]
M







]



]

\+W1D/@T*



]



]
T1N=6UP/C$L.34Y

M
2PY.#

]




]







;V-A=&EO
M;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B]E9C$S83
Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?.65F
5\V-&(V-S!E



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\



M4F5M;W9E(%1H:7


M
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]





]

C0L(#(P
3
\
M8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^075G+B`R-2P@
C`Q
M

M
C`Q



]
T1T:#Y-
M87D@



]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




]
T1N


]


]

]

]

]
T1N


]


]


M-S0N


]




]





]



]





]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

RPR
S(N


T1T;W`^66]G=7)T(%M-96UB97)=/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@




]







M($EN9F]R;6%T:6]N(%M


]





]


]


]




]


]
M





]





]



]





]




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^

BPX-C`N
M




]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]




]
T1T97AT




BPX



]

]
M




]







]








]



M


]





]





]



]



]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3F5T('-A;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@


]





]



M


]



]


]



]



]

\+W1D/@T*



]



]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#@Y






]




]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]
M



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]





]
T1T97AT




]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]



]

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]





]
T1T97AT



]
M




]
T1N=6UP/B0@




M:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%]E9C$S83,Q-%\T8F$P7S1D8SA?
M.65F,5\V-&(V-S!E.#0Y-S0-D-O;G1E;G0M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O
M0SHO968Q
V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&

M:&5E='
O4VAE970Q

M(&-H87)S970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES

$5214%)/@T*(`@(`@/'1R


M/3-$







]

C0L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-
MB`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^075G+B`R-2P@
C`Q


M:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1F5B+B`R-P@
C`Q


#$R/&)R

#$T

]
T1T:#Y-87D@

M


@87)E83PO

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]
T1T97AT




]



M




]
T1N=6UP/B0@



]
T1P




]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P



]
T1N=6UP/C






]
T1N=6UP/C





]




T1T;W`^/'-T


]




]
T1T



]

]
M




]
T1N=6UP/C$R+#4R



]
T1R;SX-

]
T1N





]







L

]
T1N=6UP




]








]





]


M:6]N(&)Y(&=E;V=R87!H:6


]



]



]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@


]



]


X-BXV/'-P

M




]



]
T1T









V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&
X7SEE9C%?-C1B

Z+V5F
3-A
M
S$T7S1B83!?-&1C.%\Y968Q7S8T8C8W






]











]





]




]




]


@86YD('!A8VMA9VEN9SPO



]



M


]




]


]





M1&YU;7`^


]







]
M






]







]

S
N
SQS


M
T1T;W`^1W)A:6X@8V]N=')A8W1S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]
M






]


]
T1R93X-



T1T;W`^3&%N

]




]
T1N=6UP/C(L
M



]






M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P86X^


]

]
M







T1T;W`^0V%P:71A;&EZ960@

]
T1N=6UP/C0R



]






T1T;W`^5&]T86P@;&%N9P@
M8G5I;&1I;F=S+!A;F0@97%U:7!M96YT/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L

Y

]

97-S(&%C8W5M=6QA=&5D






]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@




]



]



]







]
T1R;SX-

]
T1T97AT






]





]


M8FEL:71I97


]


]


]







]

]
T1N=6UP/C
S








]


\+W1D/@T*

]
T1N=6UP/C


]






]

C
N
3QS

]
T1T97AT







]


]


]



]


M;7!E;G-A=&EO;B!A;F0@8F5N969I='
L(&EN8VQU9&EN9R!O8FQI9V%T:6]N


]



]


]






]




]
T1T97AT

M
3-A
S$T7S1B83!?-&1C.%\Y968Q7S8T8C8W

M/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV/3-$0V]N=&5N=U4



M15='04


M;CTS1#
^
3(@36]N=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@

C`Q-#QB

#$R



]









]


M96YS92`H:6YC;'5D:6YG('!R;V1U8W1I;VX@86YD(&-O;6UU;FEC871I;VX@
M8V]S='




V$S
31?-&)A
%\T
M9&

O4VAE970Q
3`N:'1M









I(A54T0@)D\8G(^26X@
M36EL;&EO;G


]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L(#(P
3





]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


S
RXX



M9VX]




]

]
T1N=6T^*#$R+C8I/'-P



]
T1N
M=6UP/B0@



V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&
X7SEE9C%?

Z+V5F
M
3-A
S$T7S1B83!?-&1C.%\Y968Q7S8T8C8W






]


M(&%M;W5N='




#$S/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT





]









]

XV/'-P86X^/]S

M;&4Z+R\O0SHO968Q
V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&


O4VAE970Q


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V


$5

2!R






]
T1T:#Y-87D@
C8L(#(P
3



@4F5T86EL
M(%M-96UB97)=/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L





]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@



T1T;W`^



M871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO968Q
V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&
X7SEE9C%?-C1B

O4VAE970Q
3




^+RH@1&\@


$52
M





@;W1H97)W:7-E('-P96-I9FEE9#PO


]
T1T:#Y&96(N

M=BX@
C0L(#(P
3
\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^
M075G+B`R-2P@
C`Q

C`Q




]
T1T:#Y-87D@







]





]





W-RXT/'-P86X^

W



M



@36%R9VEN

BXT/'-P86X^

2PU
3(N


]
T1N=6UP/C$L-3


2PW-#(N


]



]






























M







M



]
T1N=6UP/B0@
2XS


T1T;W`^36%R:V5T(%!R:6-E




]
T1N=6UP/B0@-3(N-S



]
T1N





]





]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]


3-A
S$T7S1B83!?
M-&1C.%\Y968Q7S8T8C8W



M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-

T1T

M(%1H:7



T0Q(')O
M=W-P86X]


]

#$T/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@

]
T1T:#Y-87D@



M8G1F=6P@06-C;W5N='








T1T;W`^0F%L86YC92!A










T1T;W`^1&5D=6-T


]



]
M

]
M




]






M(&%T(&)E9VEN;FEN9R!O9B!Y96%R/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S








M;G1S(&1U92!T;R!A8W%U:7-I=&EO;BP@=')A;G-L871I;VX@;V8@86UO=6YT

M


]





]
M

]

M;CX\+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XG/'-P


]


]




]


]
T1N=6UP/C@U+CD\















]

]



]

]
T1T



]



]



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@


2XX/'-P86X^


M
V$S
31?-&)A
%\T9&

M8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+V5F
3-A
S$T7S1B83!?-&1C.%\Y968Q7S8T
M8C8W


M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P,2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#`S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970P-YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970P-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#@N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T
3$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$R+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,30N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#$U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q-BYH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T
C
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(T
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970R-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@
M/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,C8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E
M9CTS1)3:&5E=#(W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
M.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,CDN:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2
M968]
T0B4VAE970S
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
M
S(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#
S+FAT;6PB+SX-
MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
S4N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#
V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970S-RYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,S@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#,Y+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE
M970T
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-#$N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970T
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T-#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#0U+FAT;6PB

T0B4VAE970T.2YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970U,BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3,N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970U-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T-38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#4W+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970U.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-3DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#8P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970V,2YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8S+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970V-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T-C4N
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8V+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970V-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T-C@N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#8Y
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970W,YH=&UL(B\^#0H@


M968]
T0B4VAE970W-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

MB`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970W.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E
M=#@Q+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970X
BYH=&UL(B\^
M#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@
M2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970X-2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.#8N:'1M;(O
M/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#@W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE
M($A2968]
T0B4VAE970X.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H
M965T.#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DP+FAT;6PB
M+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Y
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL
M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.3(N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#DS+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Y-YH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.34N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DV+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B
M4VAE970Y-RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T.3@N:'1M
M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#DY+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
#`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#$P
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3`R
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q,#,N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P-YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3`U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE
M970Q,#8N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$P-RYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3`X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
#DN:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#$Q
YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3$Q
M+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
3(N:'1M;(O/@T*
M(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q
RYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(
M4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_AnnualReportingPeriodMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_AnnualReportingPeriodWeeks'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_ChangeInReportingPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringReserveByTypeOfCostTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConsolidationSubsidiariesOrOtherInvestmentsConsolidatedEntitiesPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueRecognitionPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetRetirementObligationsAndEnvironmentalCostPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativesPolicyTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansPolicy'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UseOfEstimates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxUncertaintiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsDecreasesResultingFromSettlementsWithTaxingAuthorities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_IntangibleAssetsNetLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTranslationAndPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_IntangibleAssetsNetLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_FairValueInExcessOfCarryingValuePercentageOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_IntangibleAssetsNetLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_FairValueInExcessOfCarryingValuePercentageOfIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_IntangibleAssetsNetLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTranslationAndPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_IntangibleAssetsNetLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTranslationAndPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_IntangibleAssetsNetLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTranslationAndPurchaseAccountingAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestOwnershipPercentageByParent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_RedeemableInterestPercentOwnership'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_NumberOfRemainingYearsOfRedeemableInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsAndJointVenturesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_EquityMethodInvestmentFinancialStatementReportedAmountsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationIncomeStatementTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_EquityMethodInvestmentSummarizedFinancialInformationBalanceSheetTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIntangibleAssetsAndGoodwillTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_NetIncomeLossIncludingRedeemableAndNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentDividendsOrDistributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitContributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringCostsAndAssetImpairmentCharges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherOperatingActivitiesCashFlowStatement'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquirePropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesNetOfCashAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinesses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentOfNotesReceivableFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OriginationOfNotesReceivableFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForProceedsFromOtherInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromRepaymentsOfShortTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromIssuanceOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermDebt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromStockOptionsExercised'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ExcessTaxBenefitFromShareBasedCompensationFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsOfDividends'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromMinorityShareholders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DistributionsToNoncontrollingAndRedeemableInterestHolders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromPaymentsForOtherFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashAndCashEquivalents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsAndShortTermInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsAndShortTermInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableTrade'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherCurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapital'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsAllOtherInvestmentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_ScheduleOfNetMarkToMarketValuationOfCertainCommodityPositionsRecognizedInUnallocatedCorporateItemsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_ScheduleOfPreTaxInterestRateCasFlowHedgesInAociTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInterestRateDerivativesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_OffsettingAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementInputsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsGainLossInStatementOfFinancialPerformanceTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_ScheduleOfCashFlowHedgesIncludedInAociTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanHealthCareCostTrendRateAssumedForNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanUltimateHealthCareCostTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanHealthCareCostTrendRateAssumedForNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanHealthCareCostTrendRateAssumedForNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToOtherAccounts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesChargedToCostAndExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesDeductions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesPeriodIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAllowancesAndReservesBalance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfRevenuesFromExternalCustomersAndLongLivedAssetsByGeographicalAreasTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredCostMethod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramNumberOfSharesAuthorizedToBeRepurchased'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcceleratedShareRepurchasesSettlementPaymentOrReceipt'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AcceleratedShareRepurchaseProgramAdjustment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CostOfGoodsSold'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_NetIncomeLossIncludingRedeemableAndNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_NetIncomeLossAttributableToRedeemableAndNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinesses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireBusinessesGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncashOrPartNoncashAcquisitionDebtAssumed1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAcquiredDuringPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IndefinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinitelivedIntangibleAssetsAcquired1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxesBusinessCombinationValuationAllowanceAvailableToReduceIncomeTaxExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxCreditCarryforwardAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationDatesNoExpiration'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationDatesYearsOneAndTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_OperatingLossCarryforwardsExpirationDatesThreeYearsAndBeyond'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_UnremittedForeignEarnings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DeferredTaxExpenseBenefitRelatedToMedicarePrescriptionDrugBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DeferredTaxExpenseBenefitRelatedToSubsidiaryRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_NumberOfOpenTaxYearsForCertainUSTaxJurisdictions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxExaminationEstimateOfPossibleLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsAndAccruedInterestClassifiedAsCurrentLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GrossProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareCashPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_MarketPriceOfCommonStockHigh'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_MarketPriceOfCommonStockLow'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAttributableToRedeemableInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_TreasuryStockAggregateValueAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueTreasuryStockReissued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesTreasuryStockReissued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardNetOfForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_NoncontrollingAndRedeemableInterestPeriodAdditionsDueToAcquisitions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_RedeemableInterestFairValueIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_MinorityInterestDecreaseFromDistributionsToNoncontrollingAndRedeemableInterestHolders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestEquityOtherFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAttributableToRedeemableInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_TreasuryStockAggregateValueAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueTreasuryStockReissued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesTreasuryStockReissued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardNetOfForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_RedeemableInterestFairValueIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_MinorityInterestDecreaseFromDistributionsToNoncontrollingAndRedeemableInterestHolders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestEquityOtherFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAttributableToRedeemableInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsCommonStockCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_TreasuryStockAggregateValueAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueTreasuryStockReissued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesTreasuryStockReissued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueRestrictedStockAwardNetOfForfeitures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_RedeemableInterestFairValueIncreaseDecrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncontrollingInterestIncreaseFromSubsidiaryEquityIssuance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_MinorityInterestDecreaseFromDistributionsToNoncontrollingAndRedeemableInterestHolders'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestEquityOtherFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DefinedBenefitPlanFixedIncomeFunds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DefinedBenefitPlanRealAssetInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DefinedBenefitPlanFixedIncomeFunds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DefinedBenefitPlanRealAssetInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesAndAccrualsAccruedLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsHedgingTransactions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsPensions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxCreditCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DeferredTaxAssetsUnrealizedLossesOnInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsCapitalLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOperatingLossCarryforwards'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsIntangibleAssetsExcludingBrands'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesLeasingArrangements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDeferredExpenseCapitalizedInventoryCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesUnrealizedGainsOnInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesDerivatives'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesOther'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsLiabilitiesNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardStockOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationStockOptionsActivityTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_NetCashProceedsFromOptionsExercisedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsAdditionalDisclosuresTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossRecognizedInOtherComprehensiveIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossReclassifiedFromAccumulatedOCIIntoIncomeEffectivePortionNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeGainLossOnDerivativeNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperationsTaxRateReconciliationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsMedicarePrescriptionDrugBenefit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateDeferredTaxAdjustmentForSubsidiaryRestructuring'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDeductionsQualifiedProductionActivities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsReceivableGrossCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryRawMaterialsAndSupplies'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherInventoryPurchasedGoods'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryLIFOReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LIFOInventoryAmount'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NontradeReceivablesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedges'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_GrainDerivativeAssetNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentFairValueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsMiscellaneousCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Land'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BuildingsAndImprovementsGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_BuildingsAndImprovementsCapitalLeasedGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_MachineryAndEquipmentCapitalLeasedGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalizedComputerSoftwareGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentGross'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedDepreciationDepletionAndAmortizationPropertyPlantAndEquipment'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssetsForPlanBenefitsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NotesReceivableRelatedPartiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashSurrenderValueOfLifeInsurance'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsMiscellaneousNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedMarketingCostsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeRelatedLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DividendsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TaxesPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestAndDividendsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_GrainDerivativeLiabilityNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentFairValueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringReserve'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgesLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_MiscellaneousCurrentLiabilites'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DeferredCompensationAndPensionPostemploymentAndOtherPostretirementDefinedBenefitPlansLiabilityClassifiedNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccruedIncomeTaxesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_MiscellaneousNoncurrentLiabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockDividendsPerShareDeclared'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalTaxEffectFromShareBasedCompensation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_NetIncomeLossIncludingRedeemableAndNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_OtherComprehensiveIncomeNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeDefinedBenefitPlansNetUnamortizedGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_FairValueChangesNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedHoldingGainLossOnSecuritiesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeUnrealizedGainLossOnDerivativesArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_ReclassificationToEarningsNetAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIOnDerivativesNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAmortizationAdjustmentFromAOCIPensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitPlansForNetPriorServiceCostCreditNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingAndRedeemableInterests'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxIncludingPortionsAttributableToNoncontrollingAndRedeemableInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxPortionsAttributableToNoncontrollingAndRedeemableInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NoncontrollingInterestAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterestDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInTwoYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInThreeYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFourYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueInFiveYears'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsInterestIncludedInPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CapitalLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsPresentValueOfNetMinimumPayments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTransfersBetweenMeasurementLevels'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPurchasesSalesAndSettlements'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssetsStillHeld'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingNetPeriodicBenefitCostExpectedLongTermReturnOnAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DocumentAndEntityInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentType'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_AmendmentFlag'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityRegistrantName'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCentralIndexKey'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityFilerCategory'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_EntityPublicFloat'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DilutiveSecuritiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_AmountOfDilutiveSecuritiesStockOptions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_AmountOfDilutiveSecuritiesRestrictedStockUnits'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingBenefitObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingBenefitObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanWeightedAverageAssumptionsUsedInCalculatingBenefitObligationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationDiscountRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAssumptionsUsedCalculatingBenefitObligationRateOfCompensationIncrease'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsAndShortTermInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ReceivablesNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InventoryNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsNetCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseAndOtherAssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Goodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligationsCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ShortTermBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LongTermDebtAndCapitalLeaseObligations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_Liabilities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RedeemableNoncontrollingInterestEquityOtherFairValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalCommonStock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MinorityInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_LiabilitiesStockholdersEquityAndRedeemableInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_BusinessCombinationsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_MergersAcquisitionsAndDispositionsDisclosuresTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsContingenciesAndGuaranteesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointChangeInAssumedHealthCareCostTrendRatesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointIncreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnServiceAndInterestCostComponents1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEffectOfOnePercentagePointDecreaseOnAccumulatedPostretirementBenefitObligation1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentsAllOtherInvestmentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FinancialInstrumentsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PriceRiskDerivativesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnPriceRiskDerivativeInstrumentsNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstruments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_NetLossGainOnCommodityPositionsReclassifiedFromUnallocatedCorporateItemsToSegmentOperatingProfit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInFairValueOfHedgedItemInPriceRiskFairValueHedge1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_NetMarkToMarketValuationOfCertainCommodityPositionsRecognizedInUnallocatedCorporateItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_SupplementalInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpenseBorrowings'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestCostsCapitalized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InvestmentIncomeInterest'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_InterestExpense'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsAndJointVenturesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_FairValueBalanceSheetGroupingFinancialStatementCaptionsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaidFromAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAmendments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCurtailments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanGrossPrescriptionDrugSubsidyReceiptsReceived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBusinessCombinationsAndAcquisitionsBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActualReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaidFromAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAmendments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCurtailments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanGrossPrescriptionDrugSubsidyReceiptsReceived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBusinessCombinationsAndAcquisitionsBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInFairValueOfPlanAssetsRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanChangeInBenefitObligationRollForward'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanPlanAmendments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanCurtailments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanContributionsByPlanParticipants'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanGrossPrescriptionDrugSubsidyReceiptsReceived'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanActuarialGainLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitsPaid'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanForeignCurrencyExchangeRateChangesBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBusinessCombinationsAndAcquisitionsBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFundedStatusOfPlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCumulativeChangesInNetGainLossFromCashFlowHedgesEffectNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCumulativeChangesInNetGainLossFromCashFlowHedgesEffectNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCumulativeChangesInNetGainLossFromCashFlowHedgesEffectNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesRentExpenseNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OffsettingAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAssetAmountNotOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeCollateralObligationToReturnSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeCollateralObligationToReturnCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAssetAmountOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OffsettingLiabilitiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiabilityAmountNotOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeCollateralRightToReclaimSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeCollateralRightToReclaimCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiabilityAmountOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OffsettingAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAssetAmountNotOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeCollateralObligationToReturnSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeCollateralObligationToReturnCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAssetAmountOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OffsettingLiabilitiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiabilityAmountNotOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeCollateralRightToReclaimSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeCollateralRightToReclaimCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiabilityAmountOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OffsettingAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAssetAmountNotOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeCollateralObligationToReturnSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeCollateralObligationToReturnCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAssetAmountOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OffsettingLiabilitiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiabilityAmountNotOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeCollateralRightToReclaimSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeCollateralRightToReclaimCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiabilityAmountOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OffsettingAssetsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeAssetFairValueGrossLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAssetAmountNotOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeCollateralObligationToReturnSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeCollateralObligationToReturnCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAssetAmountOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OffsettingLiabilitiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeLiabilityFairValueGrossAsset'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiabilityAmountNotOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeCollateralRightToReclaimSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeCollateralRightToReclaimCash'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiabilityAmountOffsetAgainstCollateral'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanFairValueOfPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsAndJointVenturesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RevenueFromRelatedParties'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_NetAdvancesToRepaymentsFromJointVentures'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentDividendsOrDistributions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_QuarterlyFinancialInformationTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEstimatedFutureBenefitPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrescriptionDrugSubsidyReceiptsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrescriptionDrugSubsidyReceiptsYearTwo1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrescriptionDrugSubsidyReceiptsYearThree1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrescriptionDrugSubsidyReceiptsYearFour1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrescriptionDrugSubsidyReceiptsYearFive1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PrescriptionDrugSubsidyReceiptsAfterYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEstimatedFutureBenefitPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEstimatedFutureBenefitPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanEstimatedFutureBenefitPaymentsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsNextTwelveMonths'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearTwo'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearThree'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFour'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsYearFive'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedFutureBenefitPaymentsFiveFiscalYearsThereafter'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_NumberOfCountriesInWhichEntityOperates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfOtherAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_RestructuringSettlementAndImpairmentProvisions'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_SupplementalInformationAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCreditLossesForFinancingReceivablesCurrentTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DeferredCostsCapitalizedPrepaidAndOtherAssetsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfOtherAssetsNoncurrentTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_StatementOfEarningsSupplementalDisclosuresTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_ScheduleOfInterestNetTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfCashFlowSupplementalDisclosuresTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanOtherCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlementsAndCurtailments1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanOtherCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlementsAndCurtailments1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCostAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanServiceCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInterestCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanExpectedReturnOnPlanAssets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfGainsLosses'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAmortizationOfPriorServiceCostCredit'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanOtherCosts'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanRecognizedNetGainLossDueToSettlementsAndCurtailments1'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanNetPeriodicBenefitCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGains'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGains'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfAvailableForSaleSecuritiesLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesAmortizedCost'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecurities'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedGains'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AvailableForSaleSecuritiesGrossUnrealizedLoss'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanHealthCareCostTrendRateAssumedForNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanUltimateHealthCareCostTrendRate'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInformationAboutPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanAccumulatedBenefitObligation'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPensionAndOtherPostretirementPlansDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_NetAssetsMoneyPurchasePlan'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EmployeeStockOwnershipPlanESOPNumberOfAllocatedShares'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_CommonStockHeldByEsopAndCompanyStockFund'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanHealthCareCostTrendRateAssumedForNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanHealthCareCostTrendRateAssumedForNextFiscalYear'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInformationAboutPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetAllocationPercentageOfAssetsFixedIncomeFunds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetAllocationPercentageOfAssetsRealAssetInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInformationAboutPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_ActualReturnAttributableToUnrealizedGainLossOnPlanAssetsStillHeldLevel3Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInformationAboutPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInformationAboutPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInformationAboutPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DefinedBenefitPlanDiscretionaryContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInformationAboutPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_RetirementPlanProvisionTerminationPeriod'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanDisclosureLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DefinedBenefitPlanDiscretionaryContributionsByEmployer'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInformationAboutPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetAllocationPercentageOfAssetsFixedIncomeFunds'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetAllocationPercentageOfAssetsRealAssetInvestments'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInformationAboutPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_ActualReturnAttributableToUnrealizedGainLossOnPlanAssetsStillHeldLevel3Assets'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInformationAboutPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInformationAboutPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanInformationAboutPlanAssetsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_DefinedBenefitPlanTargetPlanAssetAllocations'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ProductInformationLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SalesRevenueGoodsNet'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAmountOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAmountOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_DebtInstrumentCovenantMinimumFixedChargeCoverageRatio'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAmountOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAmountOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityAmountOutstanding'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ValuationAndQualifyingAccountsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfValuationAndQualifyingAccountsDisclosureTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTranslationAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_UnrealizedGainLossFromAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossAvailableForSaleSecuritiesAdjustmentNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCumulativeChangesInNetGainLossFromCashFlowHedgesEffectNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_PensionOtherPostretirementAndPostemploymentBenefitsAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetActuarialGainLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossPriorServiceCostsNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_SummaryOfIncomeTaxContingenciesTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDueFutureMinimumSubleaseRentals'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_GuaranteeObligationsMaximumExposureConsolidatedSubsidiaries'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_gis_GuaranteeObligationsMaximumExposureNonConsolidatedAffiliates'
<a class=a href=javascript:void(0); onclick=top.Show.showAR( this
 'defref_us-gaap_OperatingLeasesFutureMinimumPaymentsDue'

