

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001019687-13-001103
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		10
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20121231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20130401
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20130401
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Global Vision Holdings
 Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001497120
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		IRS NUMBER:				272553082
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54050
		FILM NUMBER:		13728961
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		19200 VON KARMAN AVE
 6TH FLOOR
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92612
		BUSINESS PHONE:		949-281-6438
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		19200 VON KARMAN AVE
 6TH FLOOR
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92612
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Versant International
 Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120103
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Versant International
 Inc
.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120103
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Shang Hide Consultants Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100721






 INC.



     









 D.C. 20549



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;ANNUAL REPORT UNDER
SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

OR



the Fiscal Year Ended December 31
 2012.


 INC.


its charter)



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

19200 Von Karman
 Floor
 Irvine
 CA
    
    

    
    
    



 including
area code: (949) 281-6438





 Changed
Since Last Report)





12(b) of the Act: None


12(g) of the Exchange Act:

 $0.001par value





is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 or a smaller reporting company.&nbsp;&nbsp;See the
definitions of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo;
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.&nbsp;&nbsp;(Check one):



    
    

    
    

    
    




if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
Yes   


if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 13(d) of the Act.
Yes 


whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days.
Yes 



    
    



if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained in this form
 and will not be contained
to the best of registrant's knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this
Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. To the best of registrants' knowledge
 there are no disclosures of delinquent filers
required in response to Item 405 of Regulation S-K.
Yes 


mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes 
No 


 2012
the aggregate market value of the voting and nonvoting common equity held by non-affiliates of Global Vision Holdings
 Inc. was
$286
011.


of the registrant's $.001 par value common stock outstanding as of March 29
 2013 was 141
590
334.





statement that are not historical facts. These &ldquo;forward-looking statements&rdquo; can be identified by use of terminology
such as &ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;hope
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo;
&ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;positioned
&rdquo;
&ldquo;strategy&rdquo; and similar expressions. You should be aware that these forward-looking statements are subject to risks
and uncertainties that are beyond our control.&nbsp;&nbsp;For a discussion of these risks
 you should read this entire Annual Report
carefully
 especially the risks discussed under the section entitled &ldquo;Risk Factors.&rdquo; Although management believes that
the assumptions underlying the forward looking statements included in this Annual Report are reasonable
 they do not guarantee
our future performance
 and actual results could differ from those contemplated by these forward looking statements. The assumptions
used for purposes of the forward-looking statements specified in the following information represent estimates of future events
and are subject to uncertainty as to possible changes in economic
 legislative
 industry
 and other circumstances. As a result
the identification and interpretation of data and other information and their use in developing and selecting assumptions from
and among reasonable alternatives require the exercise of judgment. To the extent that the assumed events do not occur
 the outcome
may vary substantially from anticipated or projected results
 and
 accordingly
 no opinion is expressed on the achievability of
those forward-looking statements.&nbsp;&nbsp;In light of these risks and uncertainties
 there can be no assurance that the results
and events contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report will in fact transpire. You are cautioned
to not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of their dates. We do not undertake any obligation
to update or revise any forward-looking statements.



    
    










 Inc. (&ldquo;we&rdquo;
&ldquo;us&rdquo;
 &ldquo;our&rdquo;
 the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; or the &ldquo;Registrant&rdquo;) was incorporated in the State of
Nevada on May 5
 2010. Originally
 the Company was engaged in organizational efforts
 obtaining initial financing
 and identifying
potential business combination targets.


 through a private transaction
between our founders and our current officer
 we experienced a change in control.


subsidiary
 Mamma&rsquo;s Best
 LLC on March 12
 2012
 we were considered
 under SEC Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act
 a &ldquo;shell
company
&rdquo; because we had nominal assets consisting of cash and no or nominal operations.


Mamma&rsquo;s Best
 LLC we sell unique
 all natural food products based on family recipes of the subsidiaries&rsquo; founders.
Through the date of this report all of our sales were from a total of four sauces and marinades available at approximately 140
natural and organic food outlets in Southern California.


our food line to include additional sauces and marinades
 jams
 soups
 and salad dressings. We are also seeking to expand our geographical
presence throughout the Western United States as well as increase the number of retailers carrying our products.


 our Grocers Direct and Strategic
Management Consultants subsidiaries provide marketing
 merchandising
 and other brand awareness services to small to mid-sized
companies in the all-natural wholesale food industry and beyond.


 if such investigation
warrants
 seek to acquire additional companies or businesses seeking the perceived advantages of being a publicly held corporation
which may or may not be in the same industry as our wholly-owned subsidiaries. Our on-going principal business objective for the
next 12 months and beyond will be to achieve long-term growth potential through additional business combinations and the operation
and growth of Mamma&rsquo;s Best
 Grocers Direct
 and Strategic Management Consultants
 rather than immediate
 short-term earnings.


will be undertaken by or under the supervision of Glen W. Carnes
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman. Mr. Carnes possesses
significant investment banking and acquisition experience to enhance our ability to identify acquisition targets. Mr. Carnes has
over 11 years of experience and involvement with these types of transactions across a wide array of industries. Correspondingly
we believe the contacts obtained along with the experience in analyzing and accounting for these types of transactions is significantly
beneficial in identifying potential acquisition targets.&nbsp;&nbsp;


of our sole officer
 Glen W. Carnes
 two of the founders of Mamma&rsquo;s Best
 an executive assistant
 and one employee primarily
providing services via our Grocers Direct subsidiary.




 through our wholly-owned
subsidiary Mamma&rsquo;s Best
 were created by three sisters
 two of which remain actively employed
 who were inspired by their
&ldquo;Mamma&rsquo;s&rdquo; wonderful talent for cooking. In 2008
 the founding members of Mamma&rsquo;s Best developed a unique
all natural
 food product line based on family recipes that blended two distinct ethnic-style backgrounds. Since the inception
of Mamma&rsquo;s best in 2008 through December 31
 2012 our sales consisted of four products
 a combination of sauces and marinades.
Our natural food product line currently being sold consists of the following:



    
    













We plan to
further develop other &ldquo;family-based&rdquo; recipes and expand our existing food lines to include additional sauces and marinades
jams
 soups
We also intend to increase our product availability via
our website
 www.mammasbest.com.

All
have been developed by combining the two unique
ethnic backgrounds of our founders. Our products are produced utilizing all natural and organic ingredients. We intend to roll
out several new products and product lines over the next twelve months and beyond. Initially we expect these products to comprise
new product areas of: (1) soup offerings
 (2) salad dressings
 and (3) jams
 all based on the on-going use of nutritious
 all natural
ingredients. We have already developed
 and began the sampling and testing of
 the recipes for the following new product offerings
which we are in the process of bringing to market:








































as 16 new product offerings in 3 additional product lines as quickly as practicable
 contingent on the timely receipt of additional
financing that will be needed to support the product offerings.




2011 the Organic Trade Association conducted a study
 &ldquo;US Families&rsquo; Organic Attitudes and Beliefs Study&rdquo; that
profiled organic buyers
 tracked purchases and behavior motivation trends
 and explored consumer knowledge and trust in organic
looks and labeling. According to the study
 previous organic purchasers as well as an increasing number of US families are motivated
by concerns over the effects of pesticides
 hormones and antibiotics on children
 and the desire to avoid highly processed or artificial
ingredients.



    
    




previously conducted studies by industry experts. According to Organic Monitor estimates
 global organic sales reached $54.9 billion
in 2009
 up from
 $50.9 billion in 2008.
The countries with the largest markets are the United States
 Germany
 In the United States
 sales of organic food and beverages have grown from $1 billion in 1990 to
$26.7 billion in 2010
 with sales in 2010 representing 7.7% growth over 2009 sales
 and early reports from the Organic Trade Association estimate that 2011 sales increased 9.5%
 Mass market retailers (mainstream supermarkets
 club/warehouse
stores
 and mass merchandisers) in 2010 sold 54% of organic food. Natural retailers were next
 selling 39% of total organic food
sales. Other sales occur via export
 the Internet
 farmers&rsquo; markets/ Community Supported Agriculture
 mail order
 and boutique
and specialty stores.





 natural and
organic food has been one of the fastest growing segments in the food sales and distribution industry. A study conducted by the
Organic Trade Association indicated natural and organic products have grown from $1 billion in 1990 to over $30 billion in 2011
increasing nearly 9.5% in the last year despite the recent economic conditions. A review of recent studies by industry experts
indicates that this growth trend is expected to continue at or above the rates since 2008. The trend toward healthier
 more natural
ingredients in food items is unmistakable. According to WholeFoods Magazine:


have recognized that 1) consumers want to eat healthier and that 2) no major national food brand has yet fully captured the &ldquo;natural&rdquo;
identity in consumers&rsquo; minds. In the absence of a dominant national &ldquo;natural&rdquo; brand
 these first-mover retailers
have seized the opportunity to &ldquo;own&rdquo; the natural category
 and have begun to shift the balance of power away from manufacturers
and toward retail stores.&rdquo;


 which sells about 25% of the nation&rsquo;s
food
 announced in January 2011 a major five-year plan to convert thousands of its private label food items to healthier recipes.
In addition
 Walmart is encouraging its major suppliers such as Kraft Foods
 Pepsi
 Coca-Cola
 Unilever
 Nestle
 and Procter and
 Retail Insights
estimates that the reformulations to better-for-you ingredients across all these brands will account for well over half of all
food-store sales within the next 10 to 15 years.


toward healthier ingredients
 we are entering the market with a fresh start
 emphasizing all natural and organic ingredients in
all of our tasty product lines. We believe this is a competitive advantage in a market segment that still has a long way to grow.





we are initially targeting submarkets for sauces and marinades
 soups
 and jams. Other potential product lines that the Company
is considering include salad dressings
 chimichurri
 baked goods
 soup starters
 pasta sauces
 beef jerky
 and frozen foods.




The World of Organic Agriculture: Statistics &amp; Emerging Trends 2011.



Organic Trade Association&rsquo;s 2011 Organic Industry Survey.





WholeFoods Magazine
 &ldquo;The Battle for Market Share: Who Owns the Natural Pie?&rdquo;
 available at http://wholefoodsmagazine.com/columns/merchandising-insights/battle-market-share.







    
    




BBQ sauces/marinades. Considering that 73% of all Americans own or
have access to grills and consumers continue to embrace an &ldquo;outdoor living lifestyle&rdquo; that facilitates backyard getaways
we believe the BBQ market has solid growth potential. This belief is bolstered by a trend of increased emphasis on entertaining
at home and dining out less.

Soups. We believe soup is a staple in most American households. In
particular
 the ready-to-serve variety of soup has seen sales increase by 16% in recent years
 which translates into a $3.8 billion
dollar market.

Jams. According to the International Jelly and Preserve Association
annual retail sales for jams
 jellies
 fruit spreads and preserves were about $632 million dollars in 2010. 





 our three customers
have accounted for 100% of our revenues. Our results of operations have not been materially adversely impacted from this concentration
of sales. We are aggressively pursuing an increased customer base and geographical reach and expect to reduce the historical revenue
concentration over the next twelve months and beyond.




and organic food retailers
 some of which are well-known national chains
 as well as smaller regional specialty stores. Our future
distribution plans include forging relationships with additional retail grocery outlets
 initially focused in the Western United
States.


distributed through third parties as we do not own or operate any manufacturing or warehouse facilities. We currently use three
distributors: Monterey Provision Company
 KeHE Distribution and Nature&rsquo;s Best. During fiscal 2012 and 2011
 we sold our products
in approximately 140 retail outlets
 mostly in the Southern California and the Southwestern U.S. region. As of the date of this
report
 we have begun the process to gain additional access to retail outlets across the United States through our distribution
channel
 including outlets of Sprouts Farmers Market and Whole Foods.


awareness for the Mamma&rsquo;s Best brand and products
 encouraging trial of the products
 building a repeat customer base and
building brand loyalty. To date
 our marketing efforts have included both in-store and product demonstrations at special events.
In certain circumstances
 we provide promotional and volume pricing discounts to distributors. We are exploring additional marketing
strategies including hiring marketing consultants
 developing print and digital media advertisements
 and additional consumer incentives
such as coupons and contests.


Certificate may be attractive to some of the larger
 mainstream retailers such as Albertson&rsquo;s
 Ralph&rsquo;s and Von&rsquo;s
which represent thousands of additional potential retail outlets for our products.




 bottled
and supplied by one unrelated manufacturer located in Southern California. We do not have any firm commitments to use the manufacturer
for future production. We maintain a good relationship with the manufacturer and believe they have the appropriate capacity to
meet our current production needs.


marketplace
 the underlying ingredients are readily available and generally not subject to shortages or other significant market
fluctuations.


will likely require additional supplier relationships.



    
    





food industry is highly competitive. Many of our competitors are established market participants with national and international
brand recognition. Our competition includes: 1) large conglomerates; 2) specialty brands focused on the natural and organic foods
market; and 3) potential customers who may make sauces
 marinades and other similar products on their own at home. Most of our
competitors
 particularly large conglomerates and private label brands with substantial market share
 have significantly more financial
resources and distribution capabilities than we currently do. In addition
 most of our competitors have longer operating histories
and more demonstrated brand recognition than we currently do. Some of our specific competitors in the sauce and marinade product
line include: Stubb&rsquo;s
 Organic Ville
 Annie&rsquo;s
 Trader Joe&rsquo;s brand
 Soy Vay and Jim Beam. In the soup product
line
 we anticipate competing with Pacific Natural Foods
 Imagine Natural Creations and Muir Organic
 among others. And in the
jam product line
 we believe we will compete with Nature&rsquo;s Hallow and others.


tasting products with all natural ingredients while maintaining a homemade feel. We compete primarily on the basis of the uniqueness
our product recipes and overall product quality. Moreover
 improving our market position
 including the introduction of additional
products
 requires substantial advertising and promotional expenditures. However
 there can be no assurance we will be able to
gain enough market share to achieve and support on-going profitability. 




 we
believe our recipes and formulations are protected trade secrets.


food products from concept
 including formulas
 recipes
 flavor profiles and the batching process is not easily attained and therefore
is sensitive information which gives the Company a competitive advantage. This information is critical to the success of the Company.
We consider this an intellectual asset of our business. Management prohibits contract manufacturers and agents from disclosing
or using our confidential or proprietary information outside the company
 before
 during and after involvement with the Company.

information are required to execute a non-disclosure agreement. We consider everything we do in terms of marketing
 promotions
and product as a trade secret
 and information we wish to keep confidential. Our proprietary information includes recipes
 formulas
processes
 and methods used in our production. It includes our business and marketing plans
 customer lists
 and contracts and
we have taken reasonable measures to keep this information protected
 as it is not readily ascertainable by the public.


extent the law provides through trademark notifications. We are not reliant on heavy research and development and the costs associated
with those efforts. Because of our close relationship with our contract manufacturer
 our research and development costs are kept
low and built into the cost of product. We have not registered trademarks or otherwise protected the propriety of our currently
available products through registration with governmental authorities or licenses with private parties. As our market share and
product availability increases
 significant future expenditures may be required to protect our brand and proprietary product recipes.




 and are expected to be
for the foreseeable future
 developed by our founders. We do not expect to incur significant expenses related additional product
development for at least the next twelve months.




variations in our operating results.





regulated by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (&ldquo;FDA&rdquo;). The FDA enacts and enforces regulations relating to the
manufacturing
 distribution and labeling of food products. The Food Safety Modernization Act
 a 2011 law
 provided additional food
safety authority to the FDA. We do not expect the cost of complying with FDA laws and regulations to be material for at least the
next twelve months.



    
    



 some states further regulate
operations within the food distribution and sales industry by requiring additional licensing
 enforcing federal and state standards
for selected food products
 grading food products
 inspecting plants and warehouses
 regulating trade practices related to the
sale of certain food products and imposing their own labeling requirements on food products. We believe we are compliant with all
federal and state regulations.




our own food products
 we do not have significant exposure to environmental protection laws and regulations.






Consultants subsidiaries provide marketing
 merchandising
 and other brand awareness services to small to mid-sized companies in
the all-natural wholesale food industry and beyond.


 we have
entered into approximately five contracts with other all-natural food product producers to provide services. These services are
provided for a monthly fee and /or a percentage of the gross sales of the products represented.


of our wholly-owned subsidiary
 Strategic Management Consultants (&ldquo;SMC&rdquo;) which provides skilled advice for businesses
to streamline and make more efficient management and organizational decisions. Working with senior management teams
 SMC formulates
business strategies and improved operational performance by assessing the organization's current systems and processes. Evaluating
and recommending appropriate solutions
 and ensuring success by mitigating potential risk. SMC is able to provide the necessary
resources
 at all levels
 to implement these new strategies and initiatives from sales and marketing
 leadership
 strategic partnerships
public relations
 branding
 financial forecasting and accounting to name a few. We are currently unable to predict or estimate
future revenues for Strategic Management Consultants
 if any.





 we have a
total of four full-time and part-time employees and we employ individuals on a daily basis
 periodically
 to provide in-store demonstrations
of our products. The current number of employees is expected to be sufficient to support the level of our operations until such
time there is a significant increase in market share and geographic expansion.




An investment in our common stock involves a high degree
of risk. You should carefully consider the following risk factors in addition to other information in this Current Report on Form
8-K and other filings with the SEC before purchasing our common stock. The risks and uncertainties described below are those that
are currently deemed to be material and specific to our Company and industry. If any of these or other risks actually occurs
 our
business may be adversely affected
 and the trading price of our common stock may decline and you may lose all or part of your
investment.






 a limited
number of customers
 and have experienced operating losses since our inception. The Company is subject to substantially all the
risks inherent in the creation of a new business. As a result of its small size and capitalization and limited operating history
the Company is particularly susceptible to adverse effects of changing economic conditions and consumer tastes
 competition
 and
other contingencies or events beyond the control of the Company. It may be more difficult for the Company to prepare for and respond
to these types of risks and the risks described elsewhere than for a company with an established business and operating cash flow.
Historically
 we had no significant assets or financial resources. We will
 in all likelihood over at least the next twelve months
sustain operating expenses that exceed our corresponding revenues. This operating deficiency will likely result in the incurrence
of net operating losses until we can increase the reach of our distribution channel
 our brand recognition and our customer base.
There is no assurance we will be successful in increasing our business operations and achieving profitability.



    
    



We recently entered into a new business and may not be
successful in executing our business plan


and organic food development
 distribution
 and sales industry. We face significant competition from national and international
food producer and distributors that possess significant brand recognition advantages. Even though our management believes our products
are positioned to increase our market share
 our limited operating history and financial resources make it difficult to penetrate
our targeted market. If we are unable to increase our brand recognition we may not achieve profitability.

Based on our recurring losses our auditors have included
an explanatory paragraph in their opinion as to the substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern


incurred operating losses to date. We will likely require additional capital to maintain and execute our future business plans.
As a result of historical operating losses
 our independent auditors have included an explanatory paragraph in their opinion on
our financial statements&nbsp;for the year ended December 31
 2012 as to the substantial doubt about our ability to continue as
a going concern. As such
 we may be required to cease operations and you could lose your entire investment.

We may likely need to raise additional funds in the future
to fund our on-going operations and growth strategy. If such funds are not available we may not be able to continue as a going
concern.


to meet our working capital needs and/or to implement our business strategies. As a result
 we may need to raise additional capital
or obtain additional financing. Accordingly
 we expect that we will have to raise additional capital in the future to help fund
our operations and growth strategy or to fund unforeseen capital requirements or other events and uncertainties. If we cannot raise
funds on acceptable terms
 we may not be able to increase or market share
 take advantage of future opportunities
 or respond to
competitive pressures or unanticipated requirements. This may prevent us from achieving profitability or continue as a going concern.&nbsp;


 it may be difficult for us
to raise capital due to a variety of factors
 some of which may be outside of our control
 including a tightening of credit markets
overall poor performance of stock markets
 and/or an economic slowdown in the United States or other countries. Thus
 there is
no assurance we would be able to raise additional capital if needed. To the extent we do raise additional capital
 the ownership
position of existing stockholders could be diluted. Similarly
 there can be no assurance that additional financing will be available
if needed or that it will be available on favorable terms.

Our industry is highly competitive and we may be unable
to compete effectively. Increased competition could adversely affect our financial condition.


Many of our competitors are substantially larger and have greater financial resources and broader name recognition than we do.
Some of the well-established companies with which we compete include: Trader Joe&rsquo;s brand
 Soy Vay and Jim Beam. Our larger
competitors may be able to devote greater resources to research and development
 marketing and other activities that could provide
them with a competitive advantage. Our market has relatively low entry barriers and is highly sensitive to the introduction of
new products that may rapidly capture a significant market share. Increased competition could result in price reductions
 reduced
gross profit margins or loss of market share
 any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and
results of operations. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete in this intensely competitive environment.



    
    


The failure of our suppliers to supply quality materials
in sufficient quantities
 at a favorable price
 and in a timely fashion could adversely affect the results of our operations.


one vendor. The loss this vendor or significant increases in their pricing structure
 would adversely affect our business operations.
Although we believe that we could establish alternate sources for our products
 any delay in locating and establishing relationships
with other sources could result in product shortages
 with a resulting loss of sales and customers.


interruption of supply could also result in higher prices for materials used in the production of our products. Although we may
be able to raise our prices in response to significant increases in the cost of these materials
 we may not be able to raise prices
sufficiently or quickly enough to offset the negative effects of the cost increases on our results of operations.


or future suppliers will provide the quality materials needed by us in the quantities requested or at a price we are willing to
pay. Because we do not control the actual production of our sauces and marinades
 we are also subject to delays caused by interruption
in production of materials based on conditions outside of our control
 including weather
 transportation interruptions
 strikes
and natural disasters or other catastrophic events.

We could be exposed to product liability claims or other
litigation
 which may be costly and could materially adversely affect our operations.


 commercial and/or service liability
claims will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. We could face financial liability due to product liability
claims if the use of our products results in significant loss or injury. Additionally
 the manufacture and sale of our products
involves the risk of injury to consumers from tampering by unauthorized third parties or product contamination. We could be exposed
to future product liability claims that
 among others: our products contain contaminants; we provide consumers with inadequate
instructions about product use; or we provide inadequate warning about side effects or interactions of our products with other
substances.

Our products and manufacturing activities are subject
to extensive government regulation
 which could limit or prevent the sale of our products in some markets and could increase our
costs.


 packaging
 labeling
advertising
 promotion
 distribution
 and sale of our products are subject to regulation by numerous national and local governmental
agencies in the United States. Failure to comply with governmental regulations may result in
 among other things
 injunctions
product withdrawals
 recalls
 product seizures
 fines
 and criminal prosecutions. Any action of this type by a governmental agency
could materially adversely affect our ability to successfully market our products. In addition
 if the governmental agency has
reason to believe the law is being violated (for example
 if it believes we do not possess adequate substantiation for product
claims)
 it can initiate an enforcement action. Governmental agency enforcement could result in orders requiring
 among other things
limits on advertising
 consumer redress
 divestiture of assets
 rescission of contracts
 and such other relief as may be deemed
necessary. Violation of these orders could result in substantial financial or other penalties. Any action by the governmental agency
could materially adversely affect our ability and our customers&rsquo; ability to successfully market those products.


laws
 regulations
 interpretations
 or applications
 nor can we determine what effect additional governmental regulations
 when
and if adopted
 would have on our business. They could include requirements for the reformulation of certain products to meet new
standards
 the recall or discontinuance of certain products
 additional record keeping
 expanded or different labeling
 and additional
scientific substantiation. Any or all of these requirements could have a material adverse effect on our operations.



    
    


Our manufacturing and fulfillment activities are subject
to certain risks.


Huntington Park
 CA. As a result
 we are dependent on the uninterrupted and efficient operation of this facility. Our supplier&rsquo;s
manufacturing and fulfillment operations are subject to power failures
 blackouts
 the breakdown
 failure or substandard performance
of equipment
 the improper installation or operation of equipment
 natural or other disasters
 and the need to comply with the
requirements or directives of governmental agencies
 including the FDA. While we believe our supplier has implemented various emergency
contingency and disaster recovery plans
 there can be no assurance that the occurrence of these or any other operational problems
at our supplier&rsquo;s facility would not have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.
Furthermore
 there can be no assurance that their contingency plans will prove to be adequate or successful if needed.&nbsp;

Changes in our relationships with significant customers
could adversely affect us. 


 our three largest customers
accounted for 100% of our net revenues. There can be no assurance that all significant customers will continue to purchase our
products in the same quantities or on the same terms as in the past
 particularly as consumers continue to demand lower pricing
and increased value. The loss of a significant customer or a material reduction in sales to a significant customer could materially
and adversely affect our product sales
 financial condition and results of operations.

We may be unable to adequately protect our product branding
or may inadvertently infringe on the intellectual property rights of others.


protected by trademarks or patents that are registered with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office
 or by contractual licenses. There
can be no assurance that we will be able to protect our brand name and underlying products from infringement.


 infringement may be alleged
against us by our competitors. In the event we are required to defend our products in litigation
 even if successful
 substantial
costs and diversion of resources could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operation and financial condition.
If any such claims are asserted against us
 we may seek to obtain a license under the third party&rsquo;s intellectual property
rights. There can be no assurance
 however
 that a license would be available on terms acceptable or favorable to us
 if at all.

We must leverage our value proposition to compete against
retailer brands and other economy brands. 


and other economy brands that compete with some of our products. Our products must provide higher value and/or quality to our consumers
than less expensive alternatives
 particularly during periods of economic uncertainty such as those we continue to experience.
Consumers may not buy our products if the difference in value or quality between our products and retailer or other economy brands
narrows or if consumers perceive a narrowing. If consumers prefer retailer or other economy brands
 then we could lose market share
or sales volumes or shift our product mix to lower margin offerings. The impact could materially and adversely affect our financial
condition and results of operations.

We are dependent on our officers and other product development
and marketing employees. Loss of any of these key employees may adversely impact our ability to execute our business plan.


 our success
will depend largely on the services of all of our current employees due to their product development expertise. Our officers and
key employees provide industry knowledge
 marketing skills and relationships with major customers. We are also dependent on these
employees to both manage our current operations
 and attract and obtain additional financing. The loss of any of these employees
or our inability to replace them effectively could seriously harm our business
 financial condition or results of operations and
our ability to execute our business plan.



    
    


Our marketing costs could materially increase which could
have a material adverse effect on our earnings.


advertising and promotion of our products. For instance
 our marketing costs may materially increase. Any increase in our marketing
costs without an offsetting increase in our revenues could have a material adverse impact on our earnings.

In addition to our current operations
 we pursue other
acquisitions in unrelated industries. In this regard
 we are not obligated to follow any particular criteria for evaluating new
acquisition targets.


directors possess the appropriate expertise and ability to identify suitable acquisition targets
 there is no guarantee any future
acquisitions will be successful. Additionally
 we may incur substantial expenses related to these activities that may be unrecoverable.
We will target companies which we believe will provide the best potential long-term financial return for our stockholders and we
will determine the terms of the relationship accordingly.

Our acquisition and strategic alliance strategies include
numerous risks
 including identifying acquisition candidates
 execution risks
 significant acquisition costs
 the management of
a larger enterprise
 and the diversion of management&rsquo;s attention that could cause our overall business operations to suffer.


our business. Our inability to complete acquisitions and successfully integrate acquired companies may render us less competitive.
We may evaluate acquisitions at any time. We cannot assure you that we will be able to identify acquisition candidates and complete
acquisitions on commercially reasonable terms or at all. If we make acquisitions
 we also cannot be sure that any benefits anticipated
from the acquisitions will actually be realized. Additionally
 we cannot be sure that we will be able to obtain financing for acquisitions.


into our existing operations may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and may require significant financial
 operational
and managerial resources that would otherwise be available for the ongoing development or expansion of our existing business. The
integration of acquired businesses may also lead to the loss of key employees of the acquired companies and diversion of management&rsquo;s
attention from ongoing business concerns. To the extent that we have miscalculated our ability to integrate and operate the business
to be acquired
 we may have difficulty in achieving our operating and strategic objectives. The diversion of management attention
may affect our results of operations. Future acquisitions could result in the incurrence of debt and related interest expense
contingent liabilities and accelerated amortization expenses related to acquisition premiums paid
 which could have a materially
adverse effect on our financial condition
 operating results and cash flow.



There is currently a limited trading market for our Class
B Common Stock
 and liquidity of shares of our Common Stock is limited.


are available on the OTCQB
 an electronic quotation service for securities traded over-the-counter. Nevertheless
 public trading
in our Class B common stock is limited and an investor may find it difficult to liquidate significant portions of their holdings
timely or at prices favorable to them.


Stock are registered under the securities laws.


 a significant amount of our
outstanding shares of Common Stock cannot be offered
 sold
 pledged or otherwise transferred unless subsequently registered pursuant
to
 or exempt from registration under
 the Securities Act and any other applicable federal or state securities laws or regulations.
Compliance with the criteria for securing exemptions under federal securities laws and the securities laws of the various states
is extremely complex
 especially in respect of those exemptions affording flexibility and the elimination of trading restrictions
in respect of securities received in exempt transactions and subsequently disposed of without registration under the Securities
Act or state securities laws.



    
    


Applicable SEC Rules governing the trading of &ldquo;penny
stocks&rdquo; limits the trading and liquidity of our common stock which may affect the trading price of our common stock


to enable portions of our common stock to be eligible for trading on the OTC Bulletin Board. Through the date of this report
 our
common stock traded below $5.00 per share
 therefore
 our common stock is considered a &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; and will be subject
to SEC rules and regulations that impose limitations upon the manner in which our shares can be publicly traded. These regulations
require the delivery
 prior to any transaction involving a penny stock
 of a disclosure document explaining the penny stock market
and the associated risks. Under these regulations
 brokers who recommend penny stocks to persons other than established customers
or certain accredited investors must make a special written suitability determination for the purchaser and receive the purchaser's
written agreement to a transaction prior to sale. These regulations may have the effect of limiting the trading activity of our
common stock and reducing the liquidity of an investment in our common stock.

We intend to raise additional capital in the future
 and
such additional capital may be dilutive to stockholders or impose operational restrictions.


the future to help fund our operations&nbsp;and acquisition strategy&nbsp;through sales of shares of our common stock
 securities
convertible into shares of our common stock
 or issuances of debt. Additional convertible debt or equity financing may be dilutive
to our stockholders and debt financing
 if available
 may involve restrictive covenants that may limit our operating flexibility.
If additional capital is raised through the issuance of shares of our common stock or securities convertible into shares of our
common stock
 the percentage ownership of our stockholders will be reduced. These stockholders may experience additional dilution
in net book value per share and any additional equity securities may have rights
 preferences and privileges senior to those of
the holders of our common stock.

Our executive officers
 directors and principal stockholders
collectively have the power to control our management and operations
 and have a significant majority in voting power on all matters
submitted to the stockholders of the company.


of our management currently beneficially own 100% of the outstanding Class A common stock which has a 10:1 voting ratio to Class
B common stock. Generally
 Class A common stock and Class B common stock vote together on all matters submitted for vote to the
stockholders of the Company
 including the election of directors. Consequently
 management has the ability to influence control
of the operations of the Company and
 acting together
 will have the ability to influence or control substantially all matters
submitted to stockholders for approval
 including:



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
Adoption of measures that could delay or prevent a change in control or impede a merger
 takeover or other business combination.



have complete control over our affairs. Accordingly
 this concentration of ownership by itself may have the effect of impeding
a merger
 consolidation
 takeover or other business consolidation
 or discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer
for the Common Stock.




 from
time to time
 fluctuate widely. The trading price may be affected by a number of factors including events described in the risk
factors set forth in this report as well as our operating results
 financial condition
 announcements regarding our business
 general
economic conditions and other events or factors. In addition
 the stock market has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations
that have particularly affected the price of many small capitalization companies and that often have been unrelated or disproportionate
to the operating performance of these companies. Market fluctuations such as these may seriously harm the market price of our common
stock. Further
 securities class action suits have been filed against companies following periods of market volatility in the price
of their securities. If such an action is instituted against us
 we may incur substantial costs and a diversion of management attention
and resources
 which would seriously harm our business
 financial condition and results of operations.



    
    






on our common stock. Accordingly
 we do not anticipate paying any dividends in the foreseeable future and investors seeking dividend
income should not purchase our common stock.

We may issue Preferred Stock
 which could have the effect
of delaying or preventing a change in control of the Company.

Our Amended and
Restated Articles of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 25
000
000 shares of Preferred Stock. In the event Preferred
Stock is issued
 it could be utilized
 under certain circumstances
 as a method of discouraging
 delaying or preventing a change
in control of the Company. This is because each share of Preferred Stock would be convertible into ten thousand (10
000) shares
of Class A common stock
 and each share of Class A common stock
 in turn
 would be convertible into ten (10) shares of Class B

 holders of Preferred Stock could exert significant influence on matters that would require the approval
of stockholders
 including a proposed merger of the Company into another corporate entity
 or a different kind of sale of the Company.

 there can be
no assurance that the Company will not do so in the future.










The Company rents office space for its sole officer at a base annual cost of approximately $24
000. Additionally
 we rent storage
space from Mamma&rsquo;s Best&rsquo;s inventory manufacturer at a base annual cost of approximately $1
200. We believe our current
space adequately meets our operational needs. The Company currently has no policy with respect to investments or interests in real
estate
 real estate mortgages or securities of
 or interests in
 persons primarily engaged in real estate activities.





to which we are a party or as to which any of our property is subject
 and no such proceedings are known to us to be threatened
or contemplated.








Item 5. Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related
Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.




under the symbol &ldquo;GVHIB&rdquo; on the OTCQB market operated by OTC Markets Group Inc. Our stock began trading on August 15
2012. Prior to August 15
 2012 there was no established public trading market for any class of our common stock. Further
 there
was no market activity since inception (May 2010) through December 31
 2011. In December 2011 the Company&rsquo;s three previous
shareholders sold 14
700
000 shares of Class B common stock in a private equity transaction with our current officer and director
at a sales price of $0.01 per share.



    
    



 obtained from
Market Watch
 reflect the high and low bids for our common shares based on inter-dealer prices
 without retail mark-up
 mark-down
or commission and may not represent actual transactions.





    
    
    

December 31
 2012
    
    

September 30
 2012
    
    

June 30
 2012
    
    

March 31
 2012
    
    

December 31
 2011
    
    

September 30
 2011
    
    

June 30
 2011
    
    

March 31
 2011
    
    



prices without retail mark-up
 mark-down or commission
 and may not represent actual transactions.





 2013
 there were 72 holders
of record of our common stock with an aggregate of 141
570
334 shares of the Common Stock issued of which 35
000
000 Class A shares
were outstanding; 65
570
 334 Class B shares were outstanding; and 35
000
000 shares of Class A common stock and 6
000
000 shares
of Class B common stock were issued and held as Treasury Stock.




and do not anticipate or contemplate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. It is our management&rsquo;s intention to utilize
all available funds for the development of our on-going business.


Plans.


 2012
 our Board of Directors
and two members of our Board that owned
 in the aggregate
 approximately 96% of the total then outstanding voting power of our
common stock
 approved the adoption of the Company&rsquo;s 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;Plan&rdquo;). These consents
constitute the only stockholder approval required for the approval of the Plan under Nevada corporate law and our charter documents.
We intend to distribute notice to our stockholders who did not execute a written consent to approve the Plan
 and the Plan is not
yet effective pending pubic filing of such notice with the SEC. No awards were outstanding and vested under the Plan as of December
31
 2012.








    
    


Item 7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operation.


certain statements that are not historical facts
 including
 most importantly
 information concerning possible or assumed future
results of operations of Global Vision Holdings
 Inc. (the &quot;Company&quot;) and statements preceded by
 followed by or that
include the words &quot;may
&quot; &quot;believes
&quot; &quot;expects
&quot; &quot;anticipates
&quot; or the negation thereof
or similar expressions
 which constitute &quot;forward-looking statements&quot; within the meaning of the Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933 and Section 21E (the &quot;Reform Act&quot;) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the &quot;Exchange Act&quot;).
For those statements
 the Company claims the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Reform
Act. These forward-looking statements are based on the Company's current expectations and are susceptible to a number of risks
uncertainties and other factors.


declines any obligation to publicly release the result of any revisions
 which may be made to any forward-looking statements to
reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated
events. In addition
 it is the Company's policy generally not to make any specific projections as to future earnings
 and the Company
does not endorse any projections regarding future performance that may be made by third parties.


information which the Company's management believes to be relevant to an assessment and understanding of the Company's results
of operations and financial condition. This discussion should be read together with the Company's financial statements and the
notes to financial statements
 which are included in this report.





Best
 LLC on March 12
 2012
 we were considered
 under SEC Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act
 a &ldquo;shell company
&rdquo; because
we had nominal assets consisting of cash and no or nominal operations.


 if such
investigation warrants
 seek to acquire additional companies or businesses seeking the perceived advantages of being a publicly
held corporation which may or may not be in the same industry as our wholly-owned subsidiaries; Mamma&rsquo;s Best
 LLC (&ldquo;Mamma&rsquo;s
Best&rdquo;
 &ldquo;MB&rdquo;)
 Grocer&rsquo;s Direct (&ldquo;GD&rdquo;)
 and Strategic Management Consultants (&ldquo;SMC&rdquo;).
Our on-going principal business objective for the next 12 months and beyond will be to achieve long-term growth potential through
additional business combinations and the operation and growth of Mamma&rsquo;s Best
 Grocers
 and Strategic Management Consultants
rather than immediate
 short-term earnings.


will be undertaken by or under the supervision of Glen W. Carnes
 our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman. Mr. Carnes possesses
significant investment banking and acquisition experience to enhance our ability to identify acquisition targets. Mr. Carnes has
over 11 years of experience and involvement with these types of transactions across a wide array of industries. Correspondingly
we believe the contacts obtained along with the experience in analyzing and accounting for these types of transactions is significantly
beneficial in identifying potential acquisition targets.&nbsp;


 Mamma&rsquo;s
Best
 LLC we sell unique
 all natural food products based on family recipes of the subsidiaries&rsquo; founders. Through the date
of this report all of our sales were from a total of four sauces and marinades available at approximately 140 natural and organic
food outlets in Southern California.


our food line to include additional sauces and marinades
 jams
 soups
 and salad dressings. We are also seeking to expand our geographical
presence throughout the Western United States as well as increase the number of retailers carrying our products.


 our Grocers Direct and Strategic
Management Consultants subsidiaries provide marketing
 merchandising
 and other brand awareness services to small to mid-sized
companies in the all-natural wholesale food industry and beyond.


of our sole officer
 Glen W. Carnes
 two of the founders of Mamma&rsquo;s Best
 an executive assistant and one employee primarily
providing services via our Grocers Direct subsidiary.



    
    





for the year ended December 31
 2012 include comparisons with the results of operations of Mamma&rsquo;s Best for the corresponding
period in 2011 as contained in Note 5 to our consolidated financial statements.




 2012 our
revenues from sauce and marinade sales decreased by $1
792 to $16
977. The decrease was primarily due to the Company changing
brokers and re-focusing its efforts to a longer-term strategy by introducing the current products into new markets with the assistance
of additional outside food brokers.


 and significantly progressed
our on-going negotiations with our current and new retail outlets to expand our market reach within Southern California as well
as expand our geographic offerings throughout California and beyond. While our management believes we will be successful in these
endeavors
 we do not have any firm commitments as of the date of this report and there is no guarantee we will achieve our expected
market successes. In addition
 we have substantially completed the development of six new all natural jams and six uniquely flavored
soup offerings which are expected to roll-out by mid-2013.


 we have seen a relative even
mix of sales amongst our four current product offerings. We anticipate our sales to increase as we intend to devote additional
time resources developing broker relationships; expand our product offerings; increase our geographical reach; and implement new
promotional programs.


$800 in-line with the decreased revenue during the year ended December 31
 2012. Our gross margin and cost of goods sold
 as a
percentage of revenue
 remained relatively flat as compared to the year ended December 31
 2011 since we did not increase our product
price nor did our production vendor. We expect to maintain our current sales margins and we closely monitor the costs of our underlying
ingredients. As our product lines increase our exposure to rapid price changes in raw materials such as fruits will also increase.
We believe our relationship with our production vendor is good which provides us timely information to making corresponding price
adjustments to our finished goods.


Best sauces and marinades
 we generated service revenue of $1
850 in 2012 from our Grocer&rsquo;s Direct subsidiary which provides
product placement and other consulting services to small
 independent organic food and beverage producers.




 2012
we substantially increased our sales and marketing expenditures from $11
581 in 2011 to $48
957. These increases are the result
of our increased focus on expanding the number of stores and geographical reach of our current product offerings through our wholly-owned
subsidiary
 Mamma&rsquo;s Best.


and marketing expenses to increase as we roll out new products and attempt to further extend our geographical reach.


$2
708
129 for the year ended December 31
 2012 increased approximately 442% from the prior period amount of $500
000. Our
2011 compensation cost was 100% stock-based and paid to our officers. For the year ended 2012
 with the exception of
approximately $82
000
 all of our compensation cost was in the form of restricted stock awards primarily paid to our officers
and other employees. In connection with the resignation of Michael D. Young
 we successfully &ldquo;clawed-back&rdquo; previously recognized restricted stock awards valued at $1
084
600. Our
2012 compensation costs included significant restricted stock awards which we do not expect to incur in future periods. For
the next twelve months and beyond we expect to incur compensation costs in-line with our expected increases in our product
sales and do not expect to issue additional restricted stock awards at the 2012 levels.



    
    



 2012
we incurred professional fees of $238
316 compared to $44
426 in the prior period. The increase of approximately 436% was primarily
due to due diligence and corresponding legal and accounting fees associated with the acquisition of Mamma&rsquo;s Best. Increased
legal fees were also incurred in the preparation employment and other contractual agreements. We expect these fees to fluctuate
based on our on-going acquisition activities and entry into other material agreements.


of $160
938 incurred in the year ended December 31
 2012 increased significantly from $13
907 in the comparable period of 2011.
The increase was primarily the result of increased business activities associated with becoming an operating company. In this regard
we leased office space while in prior periods we were operating from the existing locations of our previous officers. We further
experienced increases in business development activities associated with our growth strategies. We expect these items to remain
relatively flat or increase in the next twelve months as Mr. Carnes continues to pursue acquisition opportunities.




needs are provided by the operations of Mamma&rsquo;s Best and Grocer&rsquo;s Direct; working capital advances from our officers;
and private placements of our debt and equity instruments. We have historically been able to meet our obligations from liquidity
provided by our operations enhanced by advances from our officers. Our current obligations primarily consist of amounts due to
our professional service providers.


a just in time basis we believe that cash provided by operations will be sufficient to meet our recurring obligations. Additionally
our officers have agreed to defer payment or forgive their outstanding obligations until such time as the Company obtains the appropriate
level of operating resources or may accept equity settlements in the future.


 through our Grocer&rsquo;s
Direct subsidiary
 we have been successful at increasing our Mamma&rsquo;s Best market presence with our current offerings. Grocer&rsquo;s
Direct
 which provides representation
 merchandising
 marketing
 and other brand awareness services to all natural food offerings;
is expected to increase our gross revenues and operating cash-flows. In addition to the benefits achieved by Mamma&rsquo;s Best
Grocer&rsquo;s Direct has entered into contracts with other all-natural food products to provide similar services. These services
are provided for a monthly fee and /or a percentage of the gross sales of the products represented.


of our wholly-owned subsidiary
 Strategic Management Consultants which provides skilled advice for businesses to streamline and
make more efficient management and organizational decisions. Working with senior management teams
 SMC formulates business strategies
and improved operational performance by assessing the organization's current systems and processes. Evaluating and recommending
appropriate solutions
 and ensuring success by mitigating potential risk. SMC is able to provide the necessary resources
 at all
levels
 to implement these new strategies and initiatives from sales and marketing
 leadership
 strategic partnerships
 public
relations
 branding
 financial forecasting and accounting to name a few. We are currently unable to predict or estimate future
revenues for Strategic Management Consultants
 if any.


will require significant additional capital asset investment.


and other subsidiary growth strategy
 and acquire other businesses
 we will need to raise additional capital. We intend to raise
funds via private placements of debt and equity instruments. In this regard
 we entered into a Securities Purchase agreement with
an investor for the sale and issuance of an 8% convertible promissory note in the amount of $50
000. Please see our Current Report
on Form 8-K filed on March 12
 2013 for additional terms of the agreements. We are intending to enter into additional agreements
of this nature
 or those that are the most beneficial to the Company; however
 there are no firm future funding commitments by
stockholders
 management
 or other third party investors.




    
    




sufficient to meet our on-going operations
 at their current levels
 for at least the next twelve months. Since we cannot accurately
predict the timing of a new food product launch or when we will acquire additional businesses
 if any
 we are currently unable
to estimate our liquidity needs beyond the next twelve months.




sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition
 changes in
financial condition
 revenues or expenses
 results of operations
 liquidity
 capital expenditures or capital resources and would
be considered material to investors.


Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk.








    
    







    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

Balance Sheet as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
    

    
    

Statement of Operations for the years ended December 31
 2012 and December 31
 2011
    

    
    

Statement of Changes in Stockholders&rsquo; Equity for the Period from December 31
 2010 to December 31
 2012
    

    
    

Statement of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31
 2012 and&nbsp;&nbsp;December 31
 2011 
    

    
    

    
    





    
    



REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM


Global Vision Holdings
 Inc. (formerly Versant International
Inc.)
Reno
 NV


sheet of Global Vision Holdings
 Inc. (formerly Versant International
 Inc.) and subsidiaries (&ldquo;Company&rdquo;) as of
December 31
 2012 and 2011
 and the related consolidated statements of operations
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and
cash flows for the years then ended. These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit.


Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement. The Company is not
required to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. Our audit included
consideration of internal control over financial reporting as a basis for designing audit procedures that are appropriate in the
circumstances
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over
financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.&nbsp;&nbsp;An audit includes examining
 on a test basis
 evidence
supporting the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.


 the consolidated financial statements
referred to above present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of Global Vision Holdings
 Inc. and
subsidiaries (formerly Versant International
 Inc.) as of December 31
 2012 and 2011
 and the consolidated results of its
operations and its cash flows for the years then ended
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America.


prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 2 of the accompanying consolidated financial
statements
 the Company has incurred losses and has negative operating cash flows. These factors
 and the need for additional financing
in order for the Company to meet its business plans
 raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern.
Management&rsquo;s plan to continue as a going concern is also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.





 Utah

 2013



    
    




 INC.

 Inc.)





    
    
    

    

 2012

 2011

    
    
    

    
15
883
15
000

    
8
810
    

    
3
208
    

    
165
558
    

    
    
    

    
193
459
15
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
86
985
    

    
    
    

    
280
444
15
000

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
20
000

    
40
842
17
097

    
    
    

    
40
842
37
097

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


000
000 shares authorized
 $0.001 par value&nbsp;none issued and outstanding
    
    


 $.001 par value
 200
000
000 shares authorized and 70
000
000 shares
    issued and 35
000
000 outstanding at December 31
 2012 and 50
000
000 shares     issued and outstanding at December 31
    2011.
70
000
50
000


 $.001 par value
 675
000
000 shares authorized 71
570
334 shares issued
    and 65
570
334 outstanding at December 31
 2012 and 15
000
000 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2011
71
570
15
000

    
(1
084
600
    

    
3
806
143
470
027

    
(2
623
511
(557
124

    
    
    

    
239
602
(22
097

    
    
    

    
280
444
15
000







    
    



 INC.

 Inc.)





    
    

    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
16
977
    

    
1
850
    

    
13
474
    

    
    
    

    
5
353
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
708
129
500
000

    
48
957
    

    
238
316
44
426

    
160
938
4
793

    
    
    

    
3
156
340
549
219

    
    
    

    
(3
150
987
(549
219

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
1
084
600
    

    
    
    

    
(2
066
387
(549
219

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
123
084
441
15
684
932







    
    


 INC.

 Inc.)


FROM DECEMBER 31
 2010 TO DECEMBER 31
 2012




    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance December
    31
 2010
    
    
15
000
000
15
000
    
    
(7
905
7
095

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Related party liabilities
    forgiven
    
    
    
    
5
027
    
    
5
027

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
15
000
    
    
15
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance of common stock for
    services&nbsp;at $0.01 per share
50
000
000
50
000
    
    
450
000
    
    
500
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(549
219
(549
219

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance December 31
 2011
50
000
000
50
000
15
000
000
15
000
470
027
    
(557
124
(22
097

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance of common stock for
    the acquisition&nbsp;of Mamma's Best LLC
    
    
10
000
000
10
000
90
000
    
    
100
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance of common stock for&nbsp;officer
    compensation
20
000
000
20
000
40
000
000
40
000
2
509
697
    
    
2
569
697

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance of common stock for&nbsp;employee
    compensation
    
    
1
025
000
1
025
55
475
    
    
56
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
650
000
    
272
850
    
    
273
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Related party liabilities
    forgiven
    
    
    
    
24
175
    
    
24
175

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance of common stock for
    cash&nbsp;at $0.02 per share
    
    
1
525
000
1
525
28
975
    
    
30
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance of common stock for
    cash&nbsp;at $0.05 per share
    
    
2
130
000
2
130
104
370
    
    
106
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance of common stock for
    cash&nbsp;at $0.10 per share
    
    
900
000
    
89
100
    
    
90
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance of common stock for
    cash&nbsp;at $0.25 per share
    
    
84
000
    
20
916
    
    
21
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance of common stock for
    cash&nbsp;at $0.35 per share
    
    
27
000
    
9
423
    
    
9
450

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance of common stock for
    cash&nbsp;at $0.45 per share
    
    
10
000
    
4
490
    
    
4
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance of common stock for
    cash&nbsp;at $0.50 per share
    
    
62
000
    
30
938
    
    
31
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance of common stock for
    cash&nbsp;at $0.53 per share
    
    
50
000
    
26
450
    
    
26
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance of common stock for
    cash&nbsp;at $0.55 per share
    
    
14
000
    
7
686
    
    
7
700

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Issuance of common stock for
    cash&nbsp;at $0.61 per share
    
    
93
334
    
56
656
    
    
56
749

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
(1
084
600
    
(1
084
600

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
4
915
    
    
4
915

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(2
066
387
(2
066
387

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Balance December 31
 2012
70
000
000
70
000
71
570
334
71
570
3
806
143
(1
084
600
(2
623
511
239
602






    
    



 INC.

 Inc.)





    
    

    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(2
066
387
(549
219

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
2
735
529
500
000

    
(1
084
600
    

    
(8
810
    

    
(1
391
    

    
24
777
41
569

    
10
044
    

    
    
    

    
(390
838
(7
650

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
7
821
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
383
900
15
000

    
    
    

    
383
900
15
000

    
    
    

    
    
7
350

    
    
    

    
15
000
7
650

    
    
    

    
15
883
15
000


Supplementary Disclosures of Cash Flow
Information

 2012 and 2011
 respectively.



30
 2012 the Company issued 10
000
000 shares of Class B common stock
 valued at $100
000
 to acquire the identifiable assets
including goodwill along with the assumed liabilities of its wholly-owned subsidiary Mamma's Best
 LLC.






    
    


GLOBAL VISION HOLDINGS
 INC.
(Formerly Versant International
 Inc.)






 Inc. (&ldquo;Company&rdquo;
&ldquo;Parent&rdquo;; formerly Versant International
 Inc.) was organized under the laws of the State of Nevada in May 2010.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
Company was organized as a vehicle to investigate and
 if such investigation warrants
 acquire companies or businesses seeking
the perceived advantages of being a publicly held corporation. One of our principal business objectives for the next 12 months
and beyond will be to achieve long-term growth potential through acquisitions or combinations with other businesses.


 Global
Vision Holdings
 Inc. operates three wholly-owned subsidiaries; Mamma&rsquo;s Best LLC (&ldquo;MB&rdquo;)
 Strategic Management
Consultants (&ldquo;SMC&rdquo;)
 and Grocers Direct (&ldquo;GD&rdquo;).


 LLC we produce
and sell food products. Our products are available at well-known organic and natural food retail outlets primarily in the Los Angeles
and Orange County locales. To date
 our food products consist of a total of four barbeque sauces and marinades.


skilled advice for businesses to streamline and make more efficient management and organizational decisions. SMC formulates business
strategies and improved operational performance by assessing the organization's current systems and processes; evaluating and recommending
appropriate solutions; and ensuring success by mitigating potential risk. SMC provides the necessary resources
 at all levels
to implement these new strategies and initiatives from sales and marketing
 leadership
 strategic partnerships
 public relations
branding
 financial forecasting and accounting.


services for emerging natural food brands in the retail market place.


Best we were considered to be in the development stage as defined by United States generally accepted accounting principles.






that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods.&nbsp;&nbsp;Actual results could
vary from these estimates.




of our legal parent
 Global Vision Holdings
 Inc. and our wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Mamma&rsquo;s Best
 LLC
 Strategic Management
Consultants
 and Grocers Direct. All inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated upon consolidation.




financial institutions.&nbsp;&nbsp;Cash equivalents with maturity dates less than 90 days from the date of origination are considered
to be cash equivalents for financial reporting purposes.&nbsp;&nbsp;We currently have no cash equivalents.



    
    





are carried at cost which approximates their fair value in accordance with the fair value hierarchy as established by US GAAP.




from our distributors. Accounts receivable are current in nature and we have not experienced any material collection issues. Our
reserve for bad debt is based on factors including current sales amounts
 historical charge-offs and specific accounts identified
as high risk. Uncollectible accounts receivable are charged against the allowance for doubtful accounts when reasonable efforts
to collect the amounts due have been exhausted.





or market using the first-in first-out (&ldquo;FIFO&rdquo;) method. Inventory is produced
 bottled
 and packed for shipment by
a third party manufacturer. We are not required to and have not entered into any firm purchase commitments with our manufacturer
and we order inventory on a &ldquo;just-in-time&rdquo; basis.




 we
recognize revenues upon delivery of our goods to a customer. This is generally the point at which title and risk of loss is transferred
and when payment has either been received or collection is reasonably assured. Revenues are recorded net of applicable incentives
and promotions and include all shipping and handling costs passed to customers.


based upon estimated and known returns. Product returns are recorded as a reduction of net revenues and as a reduction of the accounts
receivable balance. When all revenues are collected within the same period
 resulting in no outstanding receivables at the balance
sheet date
 the allowance is reclassified to current liabilities. Since inception
 we have had an immaterial amount of our products
returned.


we enter into agreements with our customers to provide product maximization consulting and retail in-store monitoring services
for emerging natural food brands. We recognize revenue from these arrangements on a monthly basis
 subsequent to the agreed upon
services being performed
 payment is received
 or collection is reasonably assured.




and handling costs to produce our products. We have not incurred material shipping and handling costs to date.

Selling
 General
 and Administrative Expenses



display incentives and volume-based incentives. We expense advertising costs either in the period the advertising first takes place
or as incurred. Consumer incentive and trade promotion activities are recorded as a reduction to revenues. All marketing costs
are recorded as an expense in the year incurred.





annually. We assess goodwill impairment risk by first performing a qualitative review of entity-specific
 industry
 market and
general economic factors. If significant potential goodwill impairment risk exists
 we apply a two-step quantitative test. The
first step compares the estimated fair value with its carrying value. If the carrying value exceeds its fair value
 the second
step is applied to measure the difference between the carrying value and implied fair value of goodwill. If the carrying value
of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value
 the goodwill is considered impaired and reduced to its implied fair value.



    
    





linked instruments to employees and non-employees in lieu of cash for the receipt of goods and services and
 in certain circumstances
the settlement of short-term loan arrangements.


 we recognize compensation
cost based on the grant date fair value over the requisite service period.

are recognized at the fair value of our common stock on the earlier of the completion of the services or the date a performance
commitment is reached.




for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in financial statements or tax returns. Deferred tax
items are reflected at the enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected
to reverse. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts expected to be realized.
Due to the uncertainty regarding the success of future operations
 management has valued the deferred tax asset allowance at 100%
of the related deferred tax assets.


 2012 and 2011
 we did
not have any amounts recorded pertaining to uncertain tax positions. We file federal income tax returns in the United States. We
may be subject to reassessment of federal taxes for a period of three years from the date of the original notice of assessment
in respect of any particular taxation year. For U.S. income tax returns
 the open taxation years range from 2010 (year of inception)
to 2012. In certain circumstances
 the U.S. federal statute of limitations can reach beyond the standard three year period.




and is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted-average number of Class A and Class B common shares outstanding for
the period. Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if the Class A common stock is converted
to shares of Class B common in which each share of Class A common stock is convertible into two shares of Class B common stock.
For the periods presented we incurred net losses which makes the Class A conversion anti-dilutive
 and correspondingly not presented.




to the current year presentation certain amounts presented in the consolidated financial statements as of and for the period ended
December 31
 2011 have been reclassified. The reclassification did not have any impact on the previously reported financial position
results of operations
 or cash flows.




been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates the realization of assets and the liquidation
of liabilities in the normal course of business.


generating operations and have continued to incur losses since our inception in May 2010. Historically
 through the year ended
December 31
 2012
 our cash flows from operations have not been sufficient to sustain our operations without supplemental raises
of additional capital through issuances of our Class B common stock. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to
continue as a going concern and our financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from this uncertainty.


marketing plan to significantly increase our product sales and service income. This plan includes
 but is not limited to
 increasing
our product offerings
 expanding geographical reach
 and entering into other exclusive distribution agreements. Additionally
 we
will continue to supplement our operational plans via the issuance of equity and / or debt instruments. While we have been successful
at obtaining this additional funding there is no assurance these efforts or our operational plans will be successful in the future.



    
    





pronouncements that the Company expects to have a material impact on the financial position
 results of operations
 or cash flows.





cost or market using the FIFO method. We have entered into third party production agreements on an as needed basis
 correspondingly
there are no purchase commitments related to inventory. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011 we had finished goods inventory valued
at $3
208 and $13
251 (pre-acquisition inventory held by our wholly-owned subsidiary Mamma&rsquo;s Best LLC)
 respectively. Periodic
reviews for obsolescence are performed and applicable reserves are recognized. We have not recognized any reserves for obsolete
inventory through the period covered by this report.





000
000 shares
of Class B common stock valued at $100
000 in exchange for 100% of the 40
000
000 outstanding ownership units of Mamma&rsquo;s
Best
 LLC. For additional detail related to this stock issuance see Note 5 &ndash; Business Acquisition.


of 20
000
000 shares of Class A common stock and 40
000
000 shares of Class B common stock to Glen W. Carnes (Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer) and Michael D. Young (former President and Chief Operating Officer) with each receiving 10
000
000 shares of
Class A common stock and 20
000
000 shares of Class B common stock for officer compensation of $2
569
697.


 31 2012
we issued an aggregate of 2
475
000 shares of Class B common stock for total cash consideration of $79
500.


 2012
we issued 50
000 shares of Class B common stock for prior services received valued at $3
500.


000 fully-vested
and forfeitable shares of Class B common stock in exchange for consulting services for a term of twenty months. The terms of the
consulting agreement did not contain significant disincentive for non-performance by the counterparty resulting in the recognition
of consulting expense on a monthly basis when the services are completed. For the year ended December 31
 2012 we recognized $97
500
of professional fees related to this consulting agreement and a prepaid expense of $135
000 as of December 31
 2012.


025
000 shares
of Class B common stock to the founders and employees of our wholly-owned subsidiary
 Mamma&rsquo;s Best
 for total compensation
consideration of $56
500. In addition
 the founders and employees of Mamma&rsquo;s Best agreed to forgive $24
175 of previously
accrued payables. We determined the forgiveness was in the nature of a capital contribution
 correspondingly we did not recognize
any additional gain or loss.


 2012 we
issued an aggregate of 1
490
000 shares of Class B common stock for total cash consideration of $88
500 at prices ranging from
$0.02 to $0.10 per share.


 2012
we issued an aggregate of 803
000 shares of Class B common stock for total cash consideration of $141
600 at per share prices ranging
from $0.10 to $0.60. In addition
 we received additional capital contributions of $4
915 related to the acquisitions of Grocers
Direct and Strategic Management Consultants.



    
    



 2012
we issued an aggregate of 127
334 shares of Class B common stock for total cash consideration of $74
300 at per share prices ranging
from $0.53 to $0.60. In addition
 we issued 100
000 shares of Class B common stock for consulting services for total consideration
of $37
500.




and Chief Operating Officer
 we negotiated the claw-back of 35
000
000 shares of Class A common stock and 6
000
000 shares of Class
B common stock. The value of the transaction and resulting treasury stock was recognized at $1
084
600
 the lesser of the previously
recognized compensation cost and the fair value of the stock on the claw back date.





 2012 we acquired 100% of the
40
000
000 outstanding ownership units of Mamma&rsquo;s Best
 LLC in exchange for 10
000
000 shares of Class B common stock. We
accounted for the transaction as a business combination by applying the acquisition method in which the fair value of the consideration
given
 $100
000
 was allocated to the identifiable assets acquired of $16
158; the liabilities assumed of $3
143; and the goodwill
acquired of $86
985. Subsequent to the completion of the acquisition
 Mamma&rsquo;s Best LLC became a wholly-owned operating subsidiary
of Global Vision Holdings
 Inc. and our officers and affiliates maintained the controlling interest in our consolidated Company.


given exceeded the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed
 we recognized goodwill. At December
31
 2012 we performed an impairment analysis of the goodwill acquired. Based on the results of our impairment test
 consisting
primarily of assessing qualitative factors
 we determined the fair value of the acquired reporting unit (Mamma&rsquo;s Best) inclusive
of goodwill exceeds its carrying amount
 thus no impairment was recognized.


 provided
for informational purposes
 reflects the consolidated balance sheet and statement of operations as of and for the year ended December
31
 2011; assuming the acquisition took place on January 1
 2011
 the earliest period presented in these financial statements.



    
    




 INC.

 Inc.)





    
Global Vision
                                                               Holdings
December 31
                                                               2011
Mamma's Best
 LLC Acquisition Adjustments
    
December 31
 2011

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
15
000
2
907
    
17
907

    
    
13
251
    
13
251

    
    
86
985
    
86
985

    
    
    
    
    

    
15
000
    
    
118
143

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
20
000
    
    
20
000

    
17
097
3
143
    
20
240

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
37
097
    
    
40
240

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


000
000 shares authorized ($0.001 par value) none issued and outstanding
    
    
    
    


 $.001 par value
 75
000
000 shares authorized and 50
000
000 and 0 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2011 and 2010 respectively
50
000
    
    
50
000


 $.001 par value
 225
000
000 shares authorized 25
000
000 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2011 and 2010 respectively
15
000
10
000
    
25
000

    
470
027
90
000
    
560
027

    
(557
124
    
    
(557
124

    
    
    
    
    

    
(22
097
    
    
77
903

    
    
    
    
    

    
15
000
    
    
118
143



&nbsp; To recognize and measure
the fair value of the identifiable assets and assumed liabilities of Mamma's Best LLC.

&nbsp; To recognize the fair
value of the consideration given
 10
000
000 shares of Class B common stock
 to acquire the business of Mamma's Best inclusive
of acquired goodwill.

&nbsp; Immediately subsequent
to the acquisition of Mamma's Best
 LLC
 Global Vision Holdings
 Inc. is no longer considered a development stage entity in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.




    
    



 INC.

 Inc.)






    

 Inc.
December 31


 LLC
December 31

    
December 31


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
18
769
18
769

    
    
14
298
14
298

    
    
    
    

    
    
4
471
4
471

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
500
000
    
500
000

    
    
11
581
11
581

    
44
426
    
44
426

    
4
793
9
114
13
907

    
    
    
    

    
549
219
20
695
569
914

    
    
    
    

    
(549
219
(16
224
(565
443

    
    
    
    

    
(549
219
(16
224
(565
443





    
    







 2012
our officers and key employees provided operating advances totaling $51
321. As of December 31
 2012 we settled all of our related
party payables including the outstanding balance at December 31
 2011 of $20
000. Of these advances we repaid $47
146 in cash and
$24
175 of obligations were forgiven.


of the stock based compensation issued to our officers and employees.







December 31
 2012 and 2011 three customers accounted for 100% of our product sales revenue. For the year ended December 31
 2012
Grocer&rsquo;s Direct generated 100% of our service revenue from three customers and we did not generate any service revenue for
the year ended December 31
 2011. Additionally
 our products and services are only available in Southern California.




produced
 bottled
 and packaged by one vendor. The Company has alternatives for these services
 and no firm purchase commitments
have been entered into with this vendor.





lease for our corporate office. The lease commenced on April 2
 2012 and expires on September 30
 2013. The lease calls for monthly
payments of $1
391.


space which increased our monthly lease payments by $544 to $1
935. The expansion of our office space did not impact the initial
term of the lease.


 2012 we
recognized $20
298 of rent expense. We did not incur any rent expense for the year ended December 31
 2011.


 2012 our remaining obligation
under this arrangement due in 2013 is approximately $18
000.



    
    






accounting for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on the differences between the financial statement
and tax bases of assets and liabilities and the tax rates in effect currently.


of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance if
 based on the weight of available evidence
 it is more likely than not that
some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. In management&rsquo;s opinion
 it is uncertain the Company will generate
sufficient taxable income in the future to fully utilize the net deferred tax asset. Accordingly
 a valuation allowance equal to
the deferred tax asset has been recorded.


 we incurred immaterial
permanent differences related to incurred meals and entertainment expenses
 and no temporary differences. The following table provides
a description of the deferred tax assets on a gross and net basis using an estimated tax rate of 35%.



    

 2012

 2011

    
910
000
188
000

    
(910
000
(188
000

    
    
    


 net
    
    




years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 respectively are as follows:



    

 2012

 2011

    
722
000
188
000

    
(722
000
(188
000

    
    
    

    
    
    



rate was 0% as compared to the statutory tax of 35% due to the on-going incurrence of operating losses.


net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately $20
000 were forfeited due to a change in control. We have total net operating
loss carryforwards of approximately $2
600
000 that begin to expire in 2026. We do not have any uncertain tax position as of and
through December 31
 2012.


    
    




Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on
Accounting and Financial Disclosure.







procedures
&quot; as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act
 that are designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms
 and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
principal executive officer to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.




 2012
 the Company carried
out an evaluation
 under the supervision and with the participation of our Principal Executive and Financial Officer
 of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of the Company's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under
the Exchange Act). Based on the evaluation
 the Company's Principal Executive And Financial Officer has concluded that the Company's
disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the
Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the
time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms and are not operating in an effective manner.




and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act). Management
conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting and determined that our internal
control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31
 2012.


over financial reporting were not effective was based on the identification of the following material weaknesses:




We do not have an effective level of oversight and review to ensure that transactions are identified
 recorded
 processed
summarized
 and reported on a timely basis.

We do not have an independent audit committee with a defined financial expert to provide the appropriate level of monitoring
of our financial reporting process.


no changes made in our internal controls over financial reporting during 2012 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably
likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting.


include an attestation report of the Company's independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial
reporting. Management's report was not subject to attestation by the Company's independent registered public accounting firm pursuant
to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management's report in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K.








    
    




Item 10. Directors
 Executive Officers
 and Corporate Governance.




them are as follows:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
        
    
    
        
        
    
    
        


 - Mr. Carnes is a seasoned investment
banking professional with over 14 years in the financial investment industry. Mr. Carnes&rsquo; experience identifying and capturing
market opportunities
 is well suited to the Company&rsquo;s objective of achieving long-term growth through an acquisition strategy.
In his career in the investment banking industry
 Mr. Carnes has worked for companies such as Wells Fargo
 Bank of America
 Citigroup
and Morgan Stanley. From October 2010 to November 2011 Mr. Carnes served as a managing partner of Tryon &amp; Co.
 a private investment
management firm. Mr. Carnes resigned from this position to serve as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Global Vision Holdings
Inc. From January 2008 to September 2010
 Mr. Carnes managed investment portfolios at Morgan Stanley Smith Barney
 as a Senior
Portfolio Manager. Prior to that
 Mr. Carnes served as a Senior Area Manager at Bank of America from 2006 to 2008. Mr. Carnes
also previously served as CEO of Scena Financial
 Inc. and President of United Express Investment Corporation. Mr. Carnes&rsquo;
education includes an MBA from Pepperdine University
 with an emphasis in Finance
 and a Bachelor of Science from Pepperdine University
in Business Management.

 &ndash; Professor Jackson is Director
for The Center for Entrepreneurship and Professor of Entrepreneurship at California State University
 Fullerton. He is founder
of The BirdDog Group
 a marketing and sales consulting firm that specializes in helping small businesses make more money. He was
Senior Vice President at Bowne and Company
 a Fortune 1000 company and held various senior management roles at Dataquest
 Conner
Peripherals
 and Forrester Research. Professor Jackson is the author of multiple books on marketing and entrepreneurship
 including
&ldquo;First
 Best
 or Different: What Every Entrepreneur Needs to Know About Niche Marketing&rdquo; and &ldquo;D&eacute;j&agrave;
New Marketing: Increase Sales with Social Media
 Search Marketing
 E-mail Marketing
 Blogs
 and More.&rdquo; Professor Jackson
is currently a current board member and/or adviser for the Small Business Development Corporation (SBDC)
 BrandMixer
 and College
Web Media. He is very active in the Southern California philanthropic community
 having served on numerous boards including The
Los Angeles Sports Council
 The Southern California Committee for the Olympic Games
 The Los Angles Triathlon
 and Junior Achievement
of Southern California.


at our annual meeting of stockholders or until their successors are duly elected and qualified.&nbsp;&nbsp; Officers serve at the
discretion of the Board of Directors.







    
    









act
 no criminal proceedings and no judgments
 injunctions
 orders or decrees material to the evaluation of the ability and integrity
of any director
 executive officer
 promoter or control person of the Registrant during the past ten years.




a Code of Ethics within the meaning of Item 406 of Regulation S-K.




formal procedures by which our stockholders may recommend nominees to our board of directors.




compensation or audit committee
 nor do we have an audit committee financial expert. As such
 our entire Board of Directors acts
as our audit committee and handles matters related to compensation and nominations of directors.




standing audit committee
 and none of our Board members are &ldquo;independent.&rdquo;&nbsp;&nbsp;The entire Board of Directors
performs the functions of an audit committee
 but no written charter governs the actions of the Board of Directors when performing
the functions of that would generally be performed by an audit committee. The Board of Directors approves the selection of our
independent accountants and meets and interacts with the independent accountants to discuss issues related to financial reporting.
In addition
 the Board of Directors reviews the scope and results of the audit with the independent accountants
 reviews with management
and the independent accountants our annual operating results
 considers the adequacy of our internal accounting procedures and
considers other auditing and accounting matters including fees to be paid to the independent auditor and the performance of the
independent auditor.

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance


Exchange Act requires the Company&rsquo;s directors
 executive officers and persons who owned more than 10% of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock (collectively
 &ldquo;Reporting Persons&rdquo;) to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership of common stock
and other securities of the Company on Forms 3
 4 and 5 with the Commission. Reporting Persons were required by SEC regulations
to furnish the Company with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they filed. Based solely on review of reports received by the Company
or written representations from the Reporting Persons
 the Company believes that with respect to the fiscal year ended December
31
 2012
 all of the Reporting Persons complied with all applicable Section 16(a) filing requirements except for: (i) a late Form
3 and Form 4 filed with the SEC by Mr. Carnes on November 1
 2012; and (ii) the absence of a Form 3 filing by Michael D. Young
and James Wong
 who are no longer executive officers or directors of the Company.



    
    





of 20
000
000 restricted shares of Class A common stock and 40
000
000 shares of Class B common stock as compensation for their
roles as such
 with an aggregate estimated fair value of $2
569
697. More specifically
 on March 27
 2012
 Glen W. Carnes (our
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) and Michael D. Young (our former President and Chief Operating Officer) each received 10
000
000
shares of Class A common stock and 20
000
000 shares of Class B common stock with an estimated fair value of $1
284
848 per recipient.
The shares were fully vested on the date of grant.






    
    
    
    

    
    
$1
284
848
    
$1
284
848

    
    
$250
000
    
$250
000

    
    
$1
284
848
    
$1
284
848

    
    
$250
000
    
$250
000

    
    
    
    
    


Glen W. Carnes commenced service as the Company&rsquo;s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer on December 27
 2011.

Mr. Carnes and Mr. Young each received an award of 10
000
000 shares of Class A common stock and 20
000
000 shares of Class
B common stock on March 27
 2012. The amounts shown were those recognized for financial statement reporting purposes.

Mr. Carnes and Mr. Young each received an award of 25
000
000 shares of restricted Class A common stock on December 27
 2011.
The amounts shown were those recognized for financial statement reporting purposes.

Mr. Young served as the Company&rsquo;s President and Chief Operating Officer from December 27
 2011 through October 30
 2012.


D. Young and a separation agreement entered into between the Company and Mr. Young
 the Company &ldquo;clawed-back&rdquo; all 35
000
000
shares of Class A common stock and 6
000
000 shares of Class B commons stock previously awarded to Mr. Young
 valued at an aggregate
of $1
084
600.


 2012
 our Board of Directors
and two members of our Board that owned
 in the aggregate
 approximately 96% of the total then outstanding voting power of our
common stock
 approved the adoption of the Company&rsquo;s 2012 Equity Incentive Plan (the &ldquo;Plan&rdquo;). These consents
constitute the only stockholder approval required for the approval of the Plan under Nevada corporate law and our charter documents.
Pursuant to applicable SEC rules
 we intend to distribute notice to our stockholders who did not execute a written consent to approve
the Plan
 and the Plan is not yet effective pending pubic filing of such notice in accordance with applicable rules. No awards
were outstanding and vested under the Plan as of December 31
 2012. No other retirement
 pension
 profit sharing
 stock option
or insurance programs or other similar programs have been adopted by the Company for the benefit of its employees.


 after the Company successfully
consummates a business combination with an unaffiliated entity
 that entity may desire to employ or retain members of our management
for the purposes of providing services to the surviving entity. However
 the Company has adopted a policy whereby the offer of
any post-transaction employment to members of management will not be a consideration in our decision whether to undertake any proposed
transaction.


regarding compensation our management will receive after a business combination that is required to be disclosed.


all compensation awarded to
 earned by
 or paid to our named executive officers.



    
    





serve as officers are not paid any fees or compensation for services as members of our Board of Directors. Non-officer Directors
receive quarterly retainers of $1
500
 fees of $250 for each Board meeting attended in person and $125 for each Board meeting attended
telephonically.


 non-employee
Directors generally receive 20
000 restricted shares of Class B Common Stock on the date of appointment. The shares vest in full
on the first day of the month in which the one year anniversary of the date of grant. In addition
 for each subsequent year of
service
 Directors are issued 20
000 shares of restricted Class B Common Stock. Such shares vest in full on January 1 of the next
succeeding calendar year after the date of issuance
 with the shares being forfeited to the Company if the Board member&rsquo;s
service is terminated prior to the vesting date.


sets forth information regarding total compensation paid to our non-employee director that served during the fiscal year ended
December 31
 2012.



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
$1
500
$11
000
$12
500



Mr. Jackson
 who commenced service as a non-employee director on October 30
 2012
 was awarded 20
000 shares of Class B common
stock on October 30
 2012
 having fair value on the grant date of $11
000.

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.


 as of March
29
 2013 or the &ldquo;Record Date&rdquo;
the number of shares of Common Stock owned of record and beneficially by executive officers
directors and persons who beneficially own more than 5% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock of the Company. Our calculation
of the percentage of beneficial ownership is based on 35
000
000 shares of our Class A common stock and 65
570
334 shares of our
Class B common stock outstanding as of the Record Date. Unless otherwise indicated
 each person or entity named below has sole
voting and investment power with respect to all shares beneficially owned by that person or entity
 subject to the matters set
forth in the footnotes to the table below. Unless otherwise noted below
 the address for each of the stockholders in the table
below is c/o Global Vision Holdings
 Inc.
 19200 Von Karman Avenue
 6th Floor
 Irvine
 California 92612.



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
35
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
20
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
14
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
20
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
900
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
050
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
745
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
500
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
35
000
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
20
020
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
Percentage total voting power represents voting power with respect to all shares of our Class A and Class B common stock
 as a single class. Each holder of Class A common stock is entitled to ten votes per share and each holder of Class B common stock shall is entitled to one vote per share on all matters submitted to our stockholders for a vote. The Class A common stock and Class B common stock vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders
 except as may otherwise be required by law.




    
    




    
    

    
Mr. Young served as a Director and as President and Chief Operating Officer from December 27
 2011 to October 24
 2012.

    
Mr. Jackson commenced service as a non-employee director on October 30
 2012.





to recent sales of unregistered securities not previously disclosed:


 2012
we issued an aggregate of 107
334 shares of Class B common stock for total cash consideration of $74
300 at per share prices ranging
from $0.53 to $0.60. In addition
 we issued 100
000 shares of Class B common stock for consulting services for total consideration
of $37
500.


 2013
 we issued and sold an
8% convertible promissory note in the principal amount of $50
000 (the &ldquo;Note&rdquo;) to an accredited investor in reliance
upon exemptions from registration pursuant to Section 4(2) under the Securities Act of 1933
 as amended (&ldquo;Securities Act&rdquo;)
and Regulation D promulgated thereunder. The Note is convertible into Class B common stock after 180 days subsequent to issuance
at a variable rate that depends on the market price of our Class B common stock.




provides that a corporation may indemnify directors and officers as well as other employees and individuals against expenses including
attorneys' fees
 judgments
 fines and amounts paid in settlement in connection with various actions
 suits or proceedings
 whether
civil
 criminal
 administrative or investigative other than an action by or in the right of the corporation
 a derivative action
if they acted in good faith and in a manner they reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation
and
 with respect to any criminal action or proceeding
 if they had no reasonable cause to believe their conduct was unlawful.
A similar standard is applicable in the case of derivative actions
 except that indemnification only extends to expenses including
attorneys' fees incurred in connection with the defense or settlement of such actions
 and the statute requires court approval
before there can be any indemnification where the person seeking indemnification has been found liable to the corporation. The
statute provides that it is not exclusive of other indemnification that may be granted by a corporation's Articles of Incorporation
Bylaws
 agreement
 a vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise.


provides that it will indemnify and hold harmless
 to the fullest extent permitted by Chapter 78 of the Nevada Revised Statutes
as amended from time to time
 each person that such section grants us the power to indemnify.


to provide in its Articles of Incorporation that a director of the corporation shall not be personally liable to the corporation
or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director
 except for liability for:



    
    
    

    
    
    




    
    
    

    
    
    



provides that
 to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law
 none of our directors will be personally liable to us or our
stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director. Any repeal or modification of this provision will
be prospective only and will not adversely affect any limitation
 right or protection of a director of our company existing at
the time of such repeal or modification.




Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
and Director Independence.




 2012
our officers and key employees provided operating advances totaling $51
321. As of December 31
 2012 we settled all of our related
party payables including the outstanding balance at December 31
 2011 of $20
000. Of these advances we repaid $47
146 in cash and
$24
175 of obligations were forgiven.


    
    





directors
 the Board affirmatively determined that John B. Jackson was considered &ldquo;independent&rdquo; under the NASDAQ Stock
Market &ldquo;Independence Rules&rdquo; as of the commencement of his service and as of the end of 2012. The Board made such determination
based on the fact that Mr. Jackson has not had
 and currently does not have
 any material relationship with the Company or its
affiliates or any executive officer of the Company or his affiliates
 that would currently impair his independence.


directors had a promoter at any time during the past five fiscal years.




. During the fiscal years
ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 the Company paid $23
665 and $7
329
 respectively for audit and review services performed by our
registered independent auditor
 Haynie &amp; Company.














    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    
Share Exchange Agreement dated March 12
 2012 (1)



        
        
    
    
    
        

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
Lock-Up Agreement dated March 12
 2012 (1)


    
    
    
Convertible Promissory Note dated March 6
 2013 (4)


    
    
    
Form of Employment Agreement entered into with Lyda Corey and
Elizabeth Aphessetche (1)


    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    
Securities Purchase Agreement dated March 6
 2013 (4)


    
    
    
Restricted Share Award Agreement entered into with John Bradley
Jackson (7)


    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    
    
Certification of Principal Executive and Accounting Officer
pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002


    
    
    
Certification of Principal Executive and Accounting Officer
pursuant 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(1) Incorporated by reference to the applicable exhibit to the
registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 16
 2012

Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 17
 2013

Form 10-12G filed on July 28
 2010

registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 12
 2013

Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 3
 2012

registration statement on Form S-1 filed May 22
 2012

registrant&rsquo;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 30
 3012








    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


        
    

        

Document





    
    






Exchange Act of 1934
 this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities
and on the dates indicated.



    
    
    

    
Chairman of the Board
 Chief Executive Officer 
April 1
 2013

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
April 1
 2013

    
    
    







    











 INC.



     






Inc.


Mamma&rsquo;s Best
 LLC

Grocer&rsquo;s Direct
 LLC

Strategic Management Consultants
 LLC











 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002



     






18 U.S.C. &nbsp;ss 1350
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002


 Glen W. Carnes
 certify that:


Vision Holdings
 Inc. for the year ended December 31
 2012;


 this Form 10-K report does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to date a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light
of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;


 the financial statements
 and other
financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations
and cash flows of the small business issuer as of
 and for
 the periods presented in this report;


controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the small business issuer and have:


 or
caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating
to the small business issuer
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
 particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared;

Designed such internal
control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;


disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls
and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and


issuer's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the small business issuer's period covered by this report
that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the small business issuer's control over financial
reporting; and


 based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting
 to the small business issuer's auditors and the audit committee of the small business
issuer's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions):


in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the small
business issuer's ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information; and


 whether or not material
 that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the small business issuer's internal controls and procedures for financial reporting.


 2013



    
    

    
    


        
        
        
    

    













 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002



     









SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT
OF 2002


 Inc.
(the &ldquo;Company&rdquo;) on Form 10-K&nbsp;for the period ended December 31
 2012 as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the &ldquo;Report&rdquo;)
 I
 Glen W. Carnes
 certify
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C.&nbsp;section 1350
as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 that to my knowledge:


Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and


information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
 the financial condition and result of operations
of the Company.


 2013




























        


        
        




        


        




        


        




        


        




        


        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        

          



        




        


        




        


        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        




        

          



        
        



      




          


          




      


      

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&#13;Inc. (&amp;#147;Company&amp;#148;
 &amp;#147;Parent&amp;#148;; formerly Versant International
 Inc.) was organized under the laws of the State&#13;of Nevada in May 2010.&amp;#160;&amp;#160;The Company was organized as a vehicle to investigate and
 if such investigation warrants

 Global Vision Holdings
 Inc. operates three wholly-owned subsidiaries; Mamma&amp;#146;s Best LLC (&amp;#147;MB&amp;#148;)
 Strategic&#13;Management Consultants (&amp;#147;SMC&amp;#148;)

&#13;LLC we produce and sell food products. Our products are available at well-known organic and natural food retail outlets primarily&#13;in the Los Angeles and Orange County locales. To date

&#13;at all levels
 to implement these new strategies and initiatives from sales and marketing
 leadership
 strategic partnerships
&#13;public relations
 branding


 Global Vision Holdings
 Inc. and our wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Mamma&amp;#146;s Best
 LLC
 Strategic&#13;Management Consultants


 bottled

&#13;we recognize revenues upon delivery of our goods to a customer. This is generally the point at which title and risk of loss is&#13;transferred

 resulting in no outstanding receivables at the balance&#13;sheet date
 the allowance is reclassified to current liabilities. Since inception

 subsequent to the agreed upon&#13;services being performed
 payment is received

 General

 industry
 market and&#13;general economic factors. If significant potential goodwill impairment risk exists
 we apply a two-step quantitative test. The&#13;first step compares the estimated fair value with its carrying value. If the carrying value exceeds its fair value
 the second&#13;step is applied to measure the difference between the carrying value and implied fair value of goodwill. If the carrying value&#13;of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value

 in certain circumstances



 2012 and 2011
 we did&#13;not have any amounts recorded pertaining to uncertain tax positions. We file federal income tax returns in the United States. We&#13;may be subject to reassessment of federal taxes for a period of three years from the date of the original notice of assessment&#13;in respect of any particular taxation year. For U.S. income tax returns
 the open taxation years range from 2010 (year of inception)&#13;to 2012. In certain circumstances


 2011 have been reclassified. The reclassification did not have any impact on the previously reported financial position
&#13;results of operations


 through the year ended&#13;December 31
 2012

 but is not limited to
 increasing&#13;our product offerings
 expanding geographical reach
 and entering into other exclusive distribution agreements. Additionally

 results of operations

    

 Global Vision Holdings
 Inc. and our wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Mamma&amp;#146;s Best
 LLC
 Strategic&#13;Management Consultants

    
    



 bottled


&#13;we recognize revenues upon delivery of our goods to a customer. This is generally the point at which title and risk of loss is&#13;transferred

 resulting in no outstanding receivables at the balance&#13;sheet date
 the allowance is reclassified to current liabilities. Since inception

 subsequent to the agreed upon&#13;services being performed
 payment is received

    

 General


 industry
 market and&#13;general economic factors. If significant potential goodwill impairment risk exists
 we apply a two-step quantitative test. The&#13;first step compares the estimated fair value with its carrying value. If the carrying value exceeds its fair value
 the second&#13;step is applied to measure the difference between the carrying value and implied fair value of goodwill. If the carrying value&#13;of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value


 in certain circumstances




 2012 and 2011
 we did&#13;not have any amounts recorded pertaining to uncertain tax positions. We file federal income tax returns in the United States. We&#13;may be subject to reassessment of federal taxes for a period of three years from the date of the original notice of assessment&#13;in respect of any particular taxation year. For U.S. income tax returns
 the open taxation years range from 2010 (year of inception)&#13;to 2012. In certain circumstances




 2011 have been reclassified. The reclassification did not have any impact on the previously reported financial position
&#13;results of operations



 through the year ended&#13;December 31
 2012

 but is not limited to
 increasing&#13;our product offerings
 expanding geographical reach
 and entering into other exclusive distribution agreements. Additionally


 results of operations


&#13;correspondingly
 there are no purchase commitments related to inventory. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011 we had finished goods&#13;inventory valued at $3
208 and $13
251 (pre-acquisition inventory held by our wholly-owned subsidiary Mamma&amp;#146;s Best LLC)


000
000&#13;shares of Class B common stock valued at $100
000 in exchange for 100% of the 40
000
000 outstanding ownership units of Mamma&amp;#146;s&#13;Best

000
000 shares of Class A common stock and 40
000
000 shares of Class B common stock to Glen W. Carnes (Chairman and Chief&#13;Executive Officer) and Michael D. Young (former President and Chief Operating Officer) with each receiving 10
000
000 shares of&#13;Class A common stock and 20
000
000 shares of Class B common stock for officer compensation of $2
569

 31 2012&#13;we issued an aggregate of 2
475
000 shares of Class B common stock for total cash consideration of $79

 2012&#13;we issued 50
000 shares of Class B common stock for prior services received valued at $3

000 fully-vested&#13;and forfeitable shares of Class B common stock in exchange for consulting services for a term of twenty months. The terms of the&#13;consulting agreement did not contain significant disincentive for non-performance by the counterparty resulting in the recognition&#13;of consulting expense on a monthly basis when the services are completed. For the year ended December 31
 2012 we recognized $97
500&#13;of professional fees related to this consulting agreement and a prepaid expense of $135
000 as of December 31

025
000 shares&#13;of Class B common stock to the founders and employees of our wholly-owned subsidiary
 Mamma&amp;#146;s Best
 for total compensation&#13;consideration of $56
500. In addition
 the founders and employees of Mamma&amp;#146;s Best agreed to forgive $24
175 of previously&#13;accrued payables. We determined the forgiveness was in the nature of a capital contribution

 2012&#13;we issued an aggregate of 1
490
000 shares of Class B common stock for total cash consideration of $88

&#13;2012 we issued an aggregate of 803
000 shares of Class B common stock for total cash consideration of $141
600 at per share prices&#13;ranging from $0.10 to $0.60. In addition
 we received additional capital contributions of $4

&#13;2012 we issued an aggregate of 127
334 shares of Class B common stock for total cash consideration of $74
300 at per share prices&#13;ranging from $0.53 to $0.60. In addition
 we issued 100
000 shares of Class B common stock for consulting services for total consideration&#13;of $37

 we negotiated the claw-back of 35
000
000 shares of Class A common stock and 6
000
000 shares of Class&#13;B common stock. The value of the transaction and resulting treasury stock was recognized at $1
084
600


 2012 we acquired 100% of&#13;the 40
000
000 outstanding ownership units of Mamma&amp;#146;s Best
 LLC in exchange for 10
000
000 shares of Class B common stock.&#13;We accounted for the transaction as a business combination by applying the acquisition method in which the fair value of the consideration&#13;given
 $100
000
 was allocated to the identifiable assets acquired of $16
158; the liabilities assumed of $3
143; and the goodwill&#13;acquired of $86
985. Subsequent to the completion of the acquisition
 Mamma&amp;#146;s Best LLC became a wholly-owned operating subsidiary&#13;of Global Vision Holdings

 we recognized goodwill. At December&#13;31
 2012 we performed an impairment analysis of the goodwill acquired. Based on the results of our impairment test
 consisting&#13;primarily of assessing qualitative factors
 we determined the fair value of the acquired reporting unit (Mamma&amp;#146;s Best) inclusive&#13;of goodwill exceeds its carrying amount

 provided&#13;for informational purposes
 reflects the consolidated balance sheet and statement of operations as of and for the year ended December&#13;31
 2011; assuming the acquisition took place on January 1
 2011

 Inc.December 31
 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Mamma's Best
 LLC Acquisition Adjustments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pro Forma Consolidated&amp;#160;atDecember 31










000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;20

097&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3


097&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;40

000
000 shares authorized ($0.001 par value) none issued and outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 22pt; text-indent: -11pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Class A Common stock
 $.001 par value
 75
000
000 shares authorized and 50
000
000 and 0 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2011 and 2010 respectively&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;50
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;50
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #EEEEEE&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 22pt; text-indent: -11pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Class B Common stock
 $.001 par value
 225
000
000 shares authorized 25
000
000 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2011 and 2010 respectively&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;15
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;10


027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;90








 10
000
000 shares of Class B common stock

 LLC
 Global Vision Holdings

 Inc.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Mamma's Best
 LLC&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31


769&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;18

298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;14

471&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4



581&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;11



793&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;9
114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;13

219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;20
695&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;569








 Inc.December 31
 2011&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Mamma's Best
 LLC Acquisition Adjustments&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Pro Forma Consolidated&amp;#160;atDecember 31










000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;20

097&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;3


097&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;40

000
000 shares authorized ($0.001 par value) none issued and outstanding&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: white&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 22pt; text-indent: -11pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Class A Common stock
 $.001 par value
 75
000
000 shares authorized and 50
000
000 and 0 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2011 and 2010 respectively&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;50
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;50
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&#13;&lt;tr style=vertical-align: bottom; background-color: #EEEEEE&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=padding-left: 22pt; text-indent: -11pt; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;Class B Common stock
 $.001 par value
 225
000
000 shares authorized 25
000
000 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2011 and 2010 respectively&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;15
000&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;10


027&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;90








 10
000
000 shares of Class B common stock

 LLC
 Global Vision Holdings

 Inc.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31
&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;Mamma's Best
 LLC&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/font&gt;&lt;br /&gt;&#13;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;&lt;b&gt;December 31


769&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 5%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 1%; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=width: 11%; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;18

298&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;14

471&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;4



581&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;11



793&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;9
114&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;13

219&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;20
695&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: right; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;569












    
    
    
    

 2012 our officers and key employees provided operating advances totaling $51
321. As of December 31
 2012 we settled all of&#13;our related party payables including the outstanding balance at December 31
 2011 of $20
000. Of these advances we repaid $47
146&#13;in cash and $24


 2012 and 2011 three customers accounted for 100% of our product sales revenue. For the year ended&#13;December 31
 2012 Grocer&amp;#146;s Direct generated 100% of our service revenue from three customers and we did not generate any&#13;service revenue for the year ended December 31
 2011. Additionally

 bottled
 and packaged by one vendor. The Company has alternatives for these services


 2012 and expires on September 30
 2013. The lease&#13;calls for monthly payments of $1


 2012 we recognized $20
298 of rent expense. We did not incur any rent expense for the year ended December 31

 2012 our remaining&#13;obligation under this arrangement due in 2013 is approximately $18


 based on the weight of available evidence
 it is more likely than not that&#13;some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. In management&amp;#146;s opinion
 it is uncertain the Company will generate&#13;sufficient taxable income in the future to fully utilize the net deferred tax asset. Accordingly

 we incurred&#13;immaterial permanent differences related to incurred meals and entertainment expenses

 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31







 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31





000 were forfeited due to a change in control. We have total net operating&#13;loss carryforwards of approximately $2
600
000 that begin to expire in 2026. We do not have any uncertain tax position as of and&#13;through December 31


 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31







 2012&lt;/font&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td style=line-height: 115%&gt;&amp;#160;&lt;/td&gt;&#13;    &lt;td colspan=3 style=border-bottom: black 1pt solid; text-align: center; line-height: 115%&gt;&lt;font style=font: 8pt Times New Roman, Times, Serif&gt;December 31





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





















	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  


	  
	  
	  
	  



































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      





      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      





      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      






      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



000
000 shares authorized




 $.001 par value
 200
000
000 shares authorized and 70
000
000 shares issued and 35
000
000 outstanding at December 31
 2012 and 50
000
000 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2011; Class B Common stock
 $.001 par value
 675
000
000 shares authorized 71
570
334 shares issued and 65
570
334 outstanding at December 31
 2012 and 15
000
000 shares issued and outstanding at December 31



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      


























      

      


      

















      








      


      


      


      

      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


      



 2012 and 2011



      



 2012 the Company issued 10
000
000 shares of Class B common stock
 valued at $100
000
 to acquire the identifiable assets including goodwill along with the assumed liabilities of its wholly-owned subsidiary Mamma's Best



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      



 General



      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      


      

      

      


 $.001 par value
 75
000
000 shares authorized and 50
000
000 and 0 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2011 and 2010 respectively; Class B Common stock
 $.001 par value
 225
000
000 shares authorized 25
000
000 shares issued and outstanding at December 31



      

      

      

      

      

      

      


      


      


      





      


      


      


      

      

      

      

      







      

      










      




      


 Goodwill























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	word-wrap: break-word;
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


the lower of cost or market using the FIFO method. We have entered into third party production agreements on an as needed basis
correspondingly
 there are no purchase commitments related to inventory. As of December 31
 2012 and 2011 we had finished goods
inventory valued at $3
208 and $13
251 (pre-acquisition inventory held by our wholly-owned subsidiary Mamma&#146;s Best LLC)
respectively. Periodic reviews for obsolescence are performed and applicable reserves are recognized. We have not recognized any
reserves for obsolete inventory through the period covered by this report.




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the major classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory. If inventory is stated above cost
 accrued net losses on firm purchase commitments for inventory and losses resulting from valuing inventory at the lower-of-cost-or-market may also be included. For LIFO inventory
 may disclose the amount and basis for determining the excess of replacement or current cost over stated LIFO value and the effects of a LIFO quantities liquidation that impacts net income.
              
 -Subparagraph a
 b
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 Financial_Report.xls
M[[N_34E-12U697)S:6]N.B`Q+C`-E@M1&]C=6UE;G0M5'EP93H@5V]R:V)O
M;VL-D-O;G1E;G0M5'EP93H@;75L=&EP87)T+W)E;&%T960[(&)O=6YD87)Y
M/2(M+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T-F8U.6$S85\S96
V7S1F.3E?.#8W.%]E
&8W
M.&0T




M-3EA
V%?
V5C-E\T9CDY7S@V-SA?93!F-SAD-#





M.F]F9FEC93IO9F9I8V4B('AM;&YS.G@]
T0B=7)N.G-C:&5M87


N
M;W)G+U12+U)%0RUH=&UL-#`B/@T*/&AE860^#0H\;65T82!N86UE/3-$(D5X

T1&:6QE+4QI


241!5$5$
M7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%1513/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@
M(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T],241!5$5$7T)!3$%.0T5?4TA%15137U!A/]X.DYA

241!5$5$
M7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?3U!%/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*
M(`@(#QX.DYA;64^4U1!5$5-14Y47T]&7T-(04Y'15-?24Y?4U1/0TM(/]X

MB`@(#QX.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@(#QX.DYA;64^0T].4T]
241!
M5$5$7U-4051%345.5%-?3T9?0T%3/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H





M:'1M;(O/@T*(`@/]X.D5X8V5L5V]R:W-H965T/@T*(`@/'@Z17AC96Q7

#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C

&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E=#X-B`@(`\
#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS
M:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(4F5F/3-$(E=O<FMS:&5E=',O4VAE970Q,YH=&UL(B\^
&-E;%=O<FMS:&5E


M='E?5')A;G-A8W1I;VYS/]X.DYA;64^#0H@(`@/'@Z5V]R:W-H965T4V]U



O4VAE970Q
RYH=&UL
&-E;%=O<FMS








3@N:'1M;(O/@T*(`@


M971S+U-H965T

#I.86UE/@T*(`@(#QX.E=O<FMS:&5E=%-O=7)C92!(

O4VAE970R

M/'@Z06-T:79E4VAE970^







]

T1)1#!%5E)!13X-B`@(`@




]
T1T:#Y*
M=6XN(#


]


]


]



]


]


M(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XQ





C`Q
M

]
T1T97AT

]

]
T1T










]



T1T;W`^27
@16YT
M:71Y)W


]
T1T97AT/E-M86QL97(@4F5P;W)T




@1FQO870\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@

]



T1T;W`^16YT:71Y($-O;6UO;B!3














V%?
V5C
M-E\T9CDY7S@V-SA?93!F-SAD-#

O4VAE970P
BYH


M87-C
M:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P+65Q=6EV






T0Q(')O=W-P86X]

M4T]

]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#



]

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
M

]
T1N




]


]


\+W1D/@T*(`@(`@





]
T1N=6UP/C$Y
RPT-3D\

M-2PP


]






34L
#`P/'-P




]


]












]


]



]






]
T1N=6UP/C
L
M.#`V+#$T




T1T;W`^5&]T


]
T1N=6UP/C(S.2PV


]



34L
M




]
T1T97AT/CQS

]


C`P+#`P
M




2P@
C`Q

@0B!#;VUM



S-!S:&%R97,@:7-S=65D(&%N9`V-2PU
M-S`L
S
T(&]U='-T86YD:6YG(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`Q
M-2PP
#`L

M8V5M8F5R(#





]









#`L
#`P+#`P
!S:&%R97,@875T:&]R:7IE9!A;F0@-S`L
#`P
M+#`P
!S:&%R97,@:7-S=65D(&%N9`S-2PP
#`L
#`P(&]U='-T86YD:6YG
M(&%T($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q+`R,#$R(&%N9`U

#$Q.R!#




S$L
M(#(P
3(@86YD(#$U+#`P


S$L(#(P









]



M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q




]

]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
M

@875T:&]R:7IE9#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@

]
T1N=6UP/C(U+#`P

]
T1R

@:7-S=65D/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L



]
T1P



]
T1R

]
M






]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/C(P
PP,#`L,#`P/'-P86X^/]S

M





]
T1N=6UP/C4P
M+#`P

#`L




]

]
T1P

]
T1N=6UP/B0@

]
T1R


]
T1N=6UP/C8W-2PP
#`L


2PU-S`L
S
T

M
34L
#`P+#`P


]



M
V%?
V5C-E\T9CDY7S@V-SA?93!F-SAD-#
W.&4Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T
M:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T




^+RH@1&\@3F]T


$5034%%

M/3-$



CXQ
B!-;VYT:'
@

M/'1H(&-L87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q



]



T1T;W`^3F5T('!R;V1U





]



]

]
T1N=6UP/C4L



]





]
T1N=6UP/C4P

]


]





X/'-P86X^


]



]
T1N=6UP/C4T.2PR


;W-S(&9R;VT@;W!E

]
T1N
M=6T^*#4T.2PR


]
T1R


]
T1P

@86YD




M-2PV.#0L.3


M4&%R=%\T-F8U.6$S85\S96
V7S1F.3E?.#8W.%]E
&8W.&0T





]
M


]


]


^


N(#

]


]


]

34L
#`P+#`P
#QS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]






]
T1T


]


]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#`P

]
M

#`L



]
T1N
M=6UP/C4P+#`P


]
T1N=6UP/C0U










]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^16YD:6YG
M($)A;&%N8V4L($%M;W5N=!A=!$96,N(#,Q+`R



M/B@R



S$L
M(#(P

M


#`L







]









M;6UA)W
@0F5S=!,3$,L($%M;W5N=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT9!C;&%S


3`L





3`P+#`P


]


#`L
#`P/'-P86X^

#`P
M+#`P

]
T1T

]
T1T

]







]
T1R;SX-

M:&%R97

]
T1N=6UP/C$L
#(U+#`P
M

]
T1T97AT

]
T1T97AT

]


M;7`^
2PP







M97

]
T1T97AT/CQS

]
T1T

]
T1T

]



]
T1N=6T^*#$L
#@T+#8P
M


]




]


]



]





L($%M;W5N=#PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT



]


]



]



]
T1N=6UP/C0L.#DU+#


]


]



]

]
T1N




]





]


]


^#0H@


]
T1N=6UP/B0@-S`L

]


]


]
T1N=6UP/B0@
C
Y+#8P



]

N(#

#`L



]


]








]

M4T@@1DQ/5U


]


]
T1T:#Y$96
N(#








]


M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q+#`X-PV
#`I/'-P86X^



M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@X+#@Q








M











]

M(&9I;F%N8VEN9R!A8W1I=FET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S


34L



]

]
M
T1N=6UP/C@X








]




]



2!A;GD@:6YT97)E<W0@;W(@=&%X97
@9F]R


]



C`Q

3`L
#`P+#`P
M





3$
N/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#XM






]
T1R93X-



M:6=N/3-$=&]P/DYO=&4@
2`M($]R9V%N:7IA=&EO;CPO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@



M/&(^)B

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!X.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
XU:6XG/B8C,38P.T=L;V)A
M;!6:7-I;VX@2&]L9&EN9W
L#0I);F


M9B!T:&4@4W1A=&4-F]F($YE=F%D82!I;B!-87D@,C`Q,XF(S$V
#LF(S$V
M









T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


'!X.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

'!X
M.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@






#L@=V]R

M86UM828C
30V.W
@0F5S=P-DQ

M0V]U;G1Y(&QO8V%L97


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M



M97-S97




@8GD@;6ET:6=A=&EN9R!P;W1E;G1I




L#0IP=6)L
M:6

38P.SPO

@1&ER96-T('!R;W9I9&5S(&-O










Q-C`[


M-#9F-3EA
V%?
V5C-E\T9CDY7S@V-SA?93!F-SAD-#
W.&4Y#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T


#@N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M
$5

3(@36]N
M=&AS($5N9&5D/]T:#X-B`@(`@(#PO='(^#0H@(`@(`\='(^#0H@(`@

S$L(#(P
3(\8G(^/]T:#X-B`@








#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SX\8CXF(S$V,#L\+V(^/]P

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M;6%T97





@

M97



M:6XZ(#`G/CQB/E!R:6YC:7!L97


@3F5W(%)O

M-6EN)SX\8CXF(S$V





M+6EN9&5N=#H@

T0G9F]N

M;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\8CY#87-H(&%N9!#87-H($5Q=6EV86QE;G1S/]B/CPO

M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M,XU:6XG/CQB/B8C




#LF(S$V
#M#87-H(&5Q=6EV86QE;G1S('=I=&@@;6%T=7)I
M='D@9&%T97

@9G)O;2!T:&4@9&%T92!O9B!O


M

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T+VYO


T0G9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


M:71I97


M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M,XU:6XG/B8C



#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SX\8CXF(S$V,#L\+V(^/]P

M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



-

N#0I/=7(@






M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG
M/B8C


M
#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SX\8CXF(S$V,#L\+V(^/]P/@T*#0H\

M5&EM97

M26YV96YT;W)I97

30W
M.T9)1D\F(S$T.#LI(&UE=&AO9X@26YV96YT;W)Y(&ES('!R;V1U8V5D+!B


M(&AA=F4@;F]T(&5N=&5R960@:6YT;R!A;GD@9FER;2!P=7)C:&%S92!C;VUM


N

M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


30V.W






M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M;W=N(')E='5R;G

@



@












M8W1I;VX@:7

38P.SPO


M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






M



M8CXF(S$V

M(S$V
#LF(S$U
#LF(S$V

@=VET




M:6]N(&%C=&EV:71I97



M(S$V

M97


M+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/E=E('1E







@:6UP;&EE9!F86ER
M('9A;'5E+!T:&4@9V]O9'=I;&P@:7


M(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG
M/B8C


L(%-E

Q-C`[


M9&5N=#H@


M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97





M97

M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V


M

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@



@87)E



M87


M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@
M86YD(#(P
3$L('=E(&1I9`T*;F]T(&AA=F4@86YY(&%M;W5N='






M;VXI#0IT;R`R

L('1H92!5
M+E



@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M)SXF(S$V

M5&EM97

M16%R;FEN9W

T0G9F]N

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


@9&EL
2!T:&4@=V5I9VAT960M879E<F%G92!N=6UB97(@;V8@0VQA




M;&5C='











M;BP@5&EM97








38P.SPO8CX\

@3F5W




@86YD('1H92!L:7%U:61A=&EO
M;@T*;V8@;&EA8FEL:71I97

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M;G



M9V@@=&AE('EE87(@96YD960-D1E8V5M8F5R(#,Q+`R

@:&%V92!N;W0@8F5E;B!S=69F:6-I



@;V8@;W5R($-L87-S($(@8V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+B!4:&5S92!F



M;65N='
@=&AA=!M:6=H=!R97-U;'0@9G)O;2!T:&ES('5N8V5R=&%I;G1Y









M;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

'0M:6YD96YT.B`P+C5I;B<^/&(^
M)B





@3F5W(%)O;6%N

M)SXF(S$V

M5&EM97


M5&EM97


34E(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M87)G:6XZ(#`@



M-#9F-3EA
V%?
V5C-E\T9CDY7S@V-SA?93!F-SAD-#

M='
O4VAE970P.2YH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q


M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\3454


T1T97AT+VIA=F%S

@0V]M


]

]






]
T1T97AT/CQP

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P)SX\8CY.;W1E(#
@)B








L#0IC;W)R97-P;VYD


@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD
M(#(P

M(&%T(0S+#(P.!A;F0@)#$S+#(U


M828C
30V.W




M-#9F-3EA
V%?
V5C-E\T9CDY7S@V-SA?93!F-SAD-#
W.&4Y#0I#;VYT96YT
M+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T


3`N:'1M;`T*0V]N=&5N



^+RH@


M
$5

M;'-P86X]


M
#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*(`@(`@/'1R(&-L87-S/3-$


]

]
T1P

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T

M.B`P)SX\8CY.;W1E(#0@)B


#`L

#`E
M(&]F('1H92`T


30V.W






#`L

M;B!S=&]C:R!A;F0@-#`L
#`P+#`P

M9@T*17AE8W5T:79E($]F9FEC97(I(&%N9!-:6-H865L($0N(%EO=6YG(AF




M9B`D



S$@
C`Q
@T*=V4@:7-S=65D(&%N
M(&%G9W)E9V%T92!O9B`R+#0W-2PP


M97

M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V


M97(@96YD960@36%R8V@@
S$L(#(P



38P.SPO


3(@=V4@:7-S=65D(#4P



2!B87-I<R!W:&5N

M960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P




M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU
M:6XG/DEN($IU;F4@
C`Q

2PP
C4L



M97)A=&EO;B!O9B`D-38L-3`P+B!);B!A9&1I=&EO;BP@=&AE(&9O=6YD97)S



M86P@5&EM97



M('%U87)T97(@96YD960@2G5N92`S
P@,C`Q,@T*=V4@:7-S=65D(&%N(&%G
M9W)E9V%T92!O9B`Q+#0Y,PP


B!T;R`D
XQ,!P97(@





P-C(P
3(@=V4@:7-S=65D(&%N(&%G
M9W)E9V%T92!O9B`X
#
L

XQ,!T;R`D
M
XV,X@26X@861D:71I;VXL('=E(')E8V5I=F5D(&%D9&ET:6]N86P@8V%P

M8W%U:7-I=&EO;G

@





3(W+#

M9G)O;2`D
XU,R!T;R`D,XV

M
#`L

M5&EM97






#`L
#`P

#`L
#`P


M:R!W87





;V-A=&EO;CH@9FEL93HO+R]#.B\T-F8U.6$S85\S96
V
M7S1F.3E?.#8W.%]E
&8W.&0T



M:2(-@T*/&AT;6P^#0H@(#QH96%D/@T*(`@(#Q-151!(&AT='`M97%U:78]
M

]
T13


T0Q(')O=W-P86X]





]

]


]


@



M(S$V


M:&EP('5N:71S(&]F($UA;6UA)B

3$
@:6X@97AC:&%N
M9V4@9F]R(#$P+#`P



@86-Q=6ER960@;V8@)#$V+#$U.#L@

L
30S.R!A;F0@=&AE(&=O





M;CH@











M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@





M97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@










T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI
M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M97

M2&]L9&EN9W

2P@
C`Q

M+6AE:6=H=#H@



Q-C`[

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M;6UA)W

M9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT
M97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C
M96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
M
34E)SXF(S$V


38P.V%T1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P

34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M=#H@





34E)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

M=#H@


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI
M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@
M(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




3$U


M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M;&4]





T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U


M
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


B4[('1E


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXR+#DP-SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
M,24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S
M='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
R4[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q


T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#(E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@





M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M9VAT.B`Q

@3F5W

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

38P

34P.SPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R.B`C145%145%)SX-B`@(`\=&0@

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


Q-C`[

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS




M
G!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

34E


T0G
M8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@

M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M:6=H=#H@




Q-C`[

34E
M)SXF(S$V


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C



M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M

M:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
M




M=#H@



34E)SX\9F]N



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@


Q-C`[

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]

3$U


M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^




34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


M


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

34E)SXF(S$V
M

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S




M969T.B`Q
7!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SXF
M(S$V


L

34E
M)SXF(S$V

M:60[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


34E)SXF
M(S$V


M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

34E
M)SXF(S$V


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



M


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

34E)SXF(S$V
M

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



M=#H@



34E
M)SXF(S$V


3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V



M+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA
M8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


Q

M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O


34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



34E
M)SXF(S$V


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E


M:65S)B
Q-C`[)B
Q-C`[/]U/CPO8CX\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


Q-3`[/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@




M


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M


M)B

M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[
M/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M



34E)SXF(S$V



M+6AE:6=H=#H@




Q

M9!S=&]C:SH@,3`L,#`P+#`P,!S:&%R97


3$U



34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M

M



34E)SXF(S$V




M9&EN9RUL969T.B`R

M9VAT.B`Q

@3F5W

M+C`P



M:6=H=#H@




M:6=H=#H@


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

34E
M)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R
M:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D

34E)SXF(S$V







3%P=#L@;&EN92UH




M960@
C4L
#`P+#`P
!S:&%R97,@:7-S=65D(&%N9!O=71S=&%N9&EN9R!A


M
34E)SXF(S$V

M=#H@




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXQ

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


34E
M)SXF(S$V



34E)SXF(S$V




34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D





T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL





M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




M969T.B`R

M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T
M('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G;&EN


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

38P.SPO


3(T/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT



M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M

M:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V




3%P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

38P



M)B

M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M=#H@




M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

@



M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



M=#H@


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

34E)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

34E)SXF(S$V


M:6=H=#H@



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS




T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



M



34E)SXF(S$V


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T




M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M5&EM97



#L\+W`^#0H-

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


3$


M5&EM97

#L@5&\@

M#0IG:79E;BP@
3`L
#`P+#`P


M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M8CXF(S$V

@0F5S=P@3$Q#+!';&]B86P@5FES:6]N($AO


#L@
M=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C
38P

















3$

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

@

@


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

@

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT
M+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q





C`Q

34E)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



34E
M)SXF(S$V


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


Q

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




M)B


T0G=VED=&@Z(#4E.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

M)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[

T0G=VED=&@Z
M(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

@

24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E
M)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI


M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


Q-C`[

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT



M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@



3$U


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
M
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q

30L
CDX/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C

M=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

M=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



34E




M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

M
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P

3$U



34E)SXF(S$V



T0G;&EN92UH

\+W4^/]B
M/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
M




34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M




M
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

38P

3$U


M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


3%P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
M




M)B

M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#`L
#`P

M
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM

3%P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:6=H=#H@




M:6=H=#H@


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL




M+6AE:6=H=#H@




M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S




M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M9&EN9RUL969T.B`Q
7!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



Q-C`[

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


Q



34E




M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G


Q

M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


M.B`R
G!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

3D\+V9O

M
34E)SXF(S$V


M

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

PV.34\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:60[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



M=#H@





M
34E)SXF(S$V



M-#DL

M9VAT.B`Q

@3F5W


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M=#H@





M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G


Q

M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O


M.B`R
G!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@




T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SXF(S$V
M

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

SPO9F]N=#X\



V%?
V5C-E\T
M9CDY7S@V-SA?93!F-SAD-#
W.&4Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE
M.B\O+T




^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4

$5
13X-B`@(`@(#QT

]




]
T1R;SX-


M

M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SX\8CXF(S$V

M;CH@

2PS
C$N($%S(&]F($1E8V5M8F5R(#
Q


M1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3$@;V8@)#(P+#`P







M(#`@

M
V%?
V5C-E\T9CDY7S@V-SA?93!F-SAD-#

O4VAE
M970Q
RYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT+51R86YS9F5R+45N8V]D:6YG.B!Q=6]T960M

M=7
M87-C:6DB#0H-CQH=&UL/@T*(`\:&5A9#X-B`@(`\345402!H='1P






]



#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`\+W1R/@T*




M;F-E;G1R871I;VYS/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$=&5X=#X\











Q



2P@
M
C`Q
B!A;F0@
C`Q


M


S$L(#(P
3(@1W)O8V5R)B

M8W0@9V5N97)A=&5D(#$P










L(&%N














]



T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M/B8C


M
C`Q


M07!R:6P@
BP@
C`Q

S`L(#(P
M
3
N(%1H92!L96%S90T*8V%L;'

@;V8@
M)#$L





M


M96UB97(-C,Q+`R

M;W(@=&AE('EE87(@96YD960@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P





M96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@;W5R(')E;6%I;FEN9PT*;V)L:6=A=&EO;B!U;F1E


M;'D@)#$X+#`P




V%?
V5C-E\T9CDY7S@V-SA?93!F-SAD-#
W
M.&4Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S0V9C4Y83-A7S-E

34N



^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE;G0@*B\\+W-C

$5


]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#




]

]
T1T



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M

M97)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@







M9&5N=#H@


30V.W
@;W!I
M;FEO;BP@:70@:7
@=6YC97)T86EN('1H92!#;VUP86YY('=I;&P@9V5N97)A


`P+C5I;CL@=&5X=UI
M;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V


@

M9&EF9F5R96YC97



`P(#`@,XU:6X[


3`P

T0G







S$L(#(P
3$\+V9O;G0^



T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3`L
M

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O



T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D




M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M)SXH.3$P+#`P

M:60[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D





34E)SXF(S$V

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R

M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M=#H@





Q

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
BXR-7!T(&1O=6)L93L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z



#L@

2P@
C`Q
M
B!A;F0@
C`Q
2!R97-P96-T:79E;'D@87)E(&%S(&9O;&QO=W

M9&5N=#H@

M/3-$



T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C







T0G=VED


M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V





T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M/3-$)W=I9'1H.B`Q

M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#`P/]F;VYT/CPO=&0^#0H@(`@

M



34E
M)SXF(S$V


3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D


T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

34E
M)SXF(S$V


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
M

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^#0H\='(@


M(#4N-'!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






M+6AE:6=H=#H@




34E)SX\9F]N


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X\+W1R/@T*/]T86)L93X-

@3F5W(%)O;6%N







M5&EM97

`P(#`N-6EN.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N
M=#H@,XU:6XG/B8C

3$@;W5R


#`@=V5R92!F;W)F
M96ET960@9'5E('1O(&$@8VAA;F=E(&EN(&-O;G1R;VPN(%=E(&AA=F4@=&]T















]

T1)1#!%04-!13X-B`@(`@

]





@4&]L:6-I97



T1T;W`^57-E(&]F($5S



M4F]M86XL(%1I;65S+!397)I9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M,XU:6XG/B8C

@97-T:6UA






M:6YC:7!L97


L(%-E

Q-C`[


M9&5N=#H@

M:61I87)I97
L($UA;6UA)B

3$




M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






38P.R8C
38P.T-A



]

T0G9F]N=#H@


T0G

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@


M;&EA8FEL:71I97



M:6=N/3-$=&]P/E)E8V5I=F%B;&5S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S

M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M+6EN9&5N=#H@






M('-A;&5S(&%M;W5N='

@86YD('-P

@


T1T;W`^26YV96YT;W)I97
\+W1D











M)B





M

@

M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SY&;W(@;W5R($UA;6UA)B

@:7


M4F5V96YU97




@3F5W(%)O

M-6EN)SXF(S$V

M86P@5&EM97










T0G

M9CL@;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@






N(%=E(')E8V]G;FEZ92!R




]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^0V]S=!O9B!'

M97

@4V]L9#PO

@

M;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SXF(S$V


M='

N(%=E(&AA=F4@;F]T(&EN8W5R

]



L

Q


M+6EN9&5N=#H@




@:6YC=7)R




T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I;&P\








@87!P



@:6UP;&EE9!F86ER('9A;'5E+!T:&4@9V]O9'=I;&P@:7
@8V]N





M;BP@5&EM97



T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T

M.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@











M;W)M86P@5&EM97

T0G9F]N

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@






@=F%L



M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


@;V8@1&5C96UB97(@
S$L(#(P
3(@86YD(#(P
M
3$L('=E(&1I9`T*;F]T(&AA=F4@86YY(&%M;W5N='






M;R`R

L('1H92!5+E
N(&9E







M9&5N=#H@



#L@=&5X=UI;F1E;G0Z(#`N-6EN)SY87-I8R!E87)N





@0B!C

@=&AE('!O=&5N=&EA





T0G9F]N=#H@

M9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y)SX\8CY296-L87-S:69I8V%T

M5&EM97





]




T0G9F]N

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!J=7-T:69Y.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@
M








M;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M8F5R(#


T0G9F]N

M;6%R9VEN.B`P.R!T97AT+6EN9&5N=#H@







M;'5D97




@=FEA



T1T;W`^4F5C96YT


M97




M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97






]



]
T1T97AT

]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T
M;W`^4%)/($9/4DU!(%-4051%345.5!/1B!/4$52051)3TY3/]T9#X-B`@

M;F]R;6%L(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97








M)B

M=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@







T0G=&5X


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T
M('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E


M($%D:G5S=&UE;G1S/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS
M1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
M
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([
M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SXF(S$V,#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL
M93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF
M(S$V







M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

38P



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




3$U


M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M;&4]

M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y
M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U
M)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


\

T0G
M=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G
M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

M
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M-2PP

M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#(E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97




M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

@


Q-C`[

M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^

34E
M)SXF(S$V


M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



3%P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF

6QE/3-$)V)O

M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`X



M)B

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\





T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

M
34E)SXF(S$V




34E)SXF
M(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H
M=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@/'1D('-T

34E)SXF(S$V

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=&5X


Q-C`[




34E





34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

34E)SXF(S$V
M

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I
M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

3@L

34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O


34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



34E
M)SXF(S$V


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M+6AE:6=H=#H@




M251)15
@04Y$(%-43T-+2$]

34E)SXF
M(S$V


M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

34E
M)SXF(S$V


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



Q

M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*



M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M:71I97
\+W4^/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@




M)B

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=&5X


Q-C`[

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U
M)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C



7!T.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M9VAT.B`Q

@3F5W




#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


M)B

M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`X



M)B



34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



34E)SX\



T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

2D\+V(^

M
34E)SXF(S$V


M

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

PR-#`\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



34E
M)SXF(S$V


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


Q

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


M)B

M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-%145%144G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG



M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M

M



34E)SXF(S$V



M+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O
M='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O




34E)SXF(S$V

M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q
M-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


3$U


M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\




34E
M)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


M;G1S(&%N9!#;VYT:6YG96YC:65S)B,Q-C`[)B,Q-C`[/]U/CPO8CX\+V9O

M
34E)SXF(S$V

M=#H@





M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



34E)SXF(S$V

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M


M)B

M(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

@

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M:6=H=#H@


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



M



34E)SXF(S$V


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE
M+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O;&]R


M

34E)SX\


3`L
#`P+#`P
!S:&%R97,@
M875T:&]R:7IE9`H)#`N


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]

3$U


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



M




#`@


S$L(#(P
3$@
M86YD(#(P


34E)SXF(S$V



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^

M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M

M



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


M




C(U+#`P

@:7-S=65D

2P@
C`Q
2!A;F0@
C`Q
M

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


34L

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@




T0G;&EN
M92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


C4L

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M;&4]


3%P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C



M

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V



Q

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M5&EM97



M=6UU;&%T960@9'5R:6YG(&1E=F5L;W!M96YT('-T86=E/&(^)B
Q-C`[*#
I
M/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H
M=#H@


T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@
M8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

C0\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

M


M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M+6AE:6=H=#H@




M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q

M5&EM97



34E)SXF
M(S$V


M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

34E
M)SXF(S$V


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



6QE/3-$)V)O

M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F;VYT.B`X


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^
M)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M9#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M+#DP



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


M)B

M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

38P

3$U



34E)SXF(S$V




3%P=#L@;&EN92UH96EG

@86YD('-T




T0G
M9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M86-K(#(N

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


Q

M(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL



M






3$X+#$T
M







M(&9A:7(@=F%L=64@;V8-G1H92!I9&5N=&EF:6%B;&4@87-S971S(&%N9!A

@0F5S=!,3$,N/]P/@T*

M;BP@5&EM97



@


M97-S(&]F($UA;6UA)W

M;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M+!';&]B86P@5FES:6]N($AO;&1I;F=S+!);F




M9&5N=#H@

M/3-$



T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#AP=!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XL

M5&EM97

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
6QE/3-$)V9O;G0Z(#AP=!4:6UE<R!.97<@4F]M86XL(%1I


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V
M

R!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L
M:6=N.B!C96YT97([(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q,34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M/D-O;G-O;&ED871E9#PO8CX\+V9O;G0^/&)R(\^#0H\9F]N=!S='EL93TS

M/D1E8V5M8F5R(#



M(&-O;'-P86X]

M=!S;VQI9#L@=&5X=UA;&EG;CH@8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97

#$Q/]B/CPO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT
M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D






T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


T0G;&EN92UH
M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

38P

3$U


M9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\




M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G


Q

M
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=T97AT+6%L:6=N
M.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C,38P.SPO=&0^#0H@(`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M='EL93TS1=V97)T:6-A;UA;&EG;CH@8F]T=&]M.R!B86-K9W)O=6YD+6-O

T0G=VED=&@Z(#0V)3L@

7!T.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97

M9'1H.B`Q

3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97



T0G=VED=&@Z(#4E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M




T0G=VED
M=&@Z(#4E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@






M9'

T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U





Q-C`[

T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED
M.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT


30L

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE
M:6=H=#H@



M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M+6AE:6=H=#H@


M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S



M=#H@


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

34E)SXF
M(S$V

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ

34E


M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE
M=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

#L\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\


34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

3$U



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO

M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M=#H@


M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]

3$U




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
M,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

M:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^#0H@

34E)SXF(S$V
M




34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D

M;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U
M)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G
M/B8C



M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T



M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@





T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



34E)SXF(S$V



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^



34E)SXF(S$V
#L\

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O

34E)SX\9F]N



34E)SXF(S$V




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO



34E)SXF(S$V
M

T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C

C8\



T0G8F]R
M9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U



\+V9O;G0^/]T9#X-B`@

34E)SXF(S$V
#L\





T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97
L(%-E

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C



M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M/B8C

M=#H@







34E)SX\9F]N


T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V


M
34E)SXF(S$V


M

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/CPO='(^

T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R

M:6=H=#H@


M)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL

34E
M)SXF(S$V

T0G;&EN92UH96EG
M:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO


M)B

M:'0[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S


M;F0M8V]L;W(Z(-%145%144G/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=P861D:6YG





M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N


M
34E)SXF(S$V

M

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA
M;BP@5&EM97

M/3-$)VQI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S




34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F



M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


M9VAT.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V

T0G
M;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M/B8C

M=#H@








M9&]U8FQE.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G



Q





M=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2
M;VUA;BP@5&EM97



M+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S
M($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97







]
T1T
M:#Y$96
N(#




]


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^



S$L(#(P
3(\



M8V5N=&5R.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N
M=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


2P@
C`Q

T0G=F5R



34E)SX\9F]N=!S='EL93TS1=F


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=W:61T:#H@
24[(&QI;F4M:&5I9VAT.B`Q
34E)SX\


T0G=VED



M;&4]
T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@


T0G=VED=&@Z(#$E
M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


M96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C





M.B`Q

@3F5W(%)O





M

@3F5W(%)O;6%N



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

M+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P.SPO=&0^


Q

M9VAT.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@







M.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T
M(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

C5P

M;&4]
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C


M8FQE.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

T0G9F]N=#H@
M.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97

M


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C




T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
M




M
S$L(#(P

T0S


M;&4]
T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM97


2P@
C`Q

M;&4]

B4[('!A




T0G=VED=&@Z(#DE.R!L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@
3$U




M.B`Y)3L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M
3
E.R!T97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF

3@X+#`P
#PO9F]N=#X\+W1D/@T*(`@(#QT9!S='EL93TS




T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T
M97AT+6%L:6=N.B!R:6=H=#L@;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/CQF;VYT('-T


BPP


M(#QT9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@



T0G8F]R9&5R+6)O='1O;3H@8FQA8VL@
7!T('-O;&ED.R!T97AT



T0G;&EN92UH


T0G=F5R=&EC86PM86QI9VXZ(&)O='1O;3L@8F%C:V=R;W5N


34E)SXF(S$V
#L\+W1D/@T*


T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C
38P
'0M86QI9VXZ(')I9VAT.R!L
M:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@,3$U)2<^)B,Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@(`\=&0@<W1Y;&4]
M
T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q-24G/B8C

M9!S='EL93TS1=L:6YE+6AE:6=H=#H@

Q-C`[/]T9#X-B`@

M.B`Q
34E)SXF(S$V








T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@5&EM
M97



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z(#$Q
M-24G/B8C


3$U

T0G9F]N=#H@.'!T(%1I;65S($YE=R!2;VUA;BP@
M5&EM97



T0G;&EN92UH96EG:'0Z
M(#$Q-24G/B8C

MCPO:'1M;#X-@T*+2TM+2TM/5].97AT4&%R=%\T-F8U.6$S85\S96
V7S1F
M.3E?.#8W.%]E
&8W.&0T


T0G



M87-S/3-$=&@^1&5C+B`S
2P@
C`Q

#$Q/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]

\+W-T

]








]
T1R93X-B`@(`@

RPR




]


]


]


]



]







]
M






M8VLZ(#(U+#`P

2!P87(@





]
T1N=6UP/C
L.#`V+#$T
M





]
T1N







]


]



]









]





]









]


]


]



]



T1T;W`^5&]T
M86P@;&EA8FEL:71I97

]
T1N=6UP
M/C


M9VX]
T1T;W`^0V]M;6ET;65N='
@86YD($-O;G1I;F=E;F-I97
\+W1D/@T*

]










]
T1R;SX-B`@(`@

M:SH@
C4L
#`P+#`P
!S:&%R97,@875T:&]R:7IE9P@)#`N


]




]



#(W/'-P



]
T1R



]
T1N=6UP/C$U+#`P


T1T;W`^36%M;6%S0F5S=$UE









\+W1D/@T*

]



]
T1N=6UP/C$S+#(U



T1T;W`^1V]O9'=I;&P\

]






]


]









]
T1T

]
T1T

]



]


]


]
T1N=6UP/CDP+#`P














]









]


]












M=&]P/E1O=&%L(&QI86)I;&ET:65S/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S




]








M


]
T1T

]

]





]

]
T1R




]
T1T


M


@875T:&]R:7IE9!A;F0@-3`L,#`P+#`P,!A
M;F0@



#`\



@03PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@





]

M86QI9VX]


@875T:&]R:7IE9!A;F0@-3`L,#`P
M+#`P,!A;F0@








]


]

]
M

#`Q

#`P+#`P
!S:&%R97,@875T:&]R:7IE9!A;F0@
M-3`L
#`P+#`P
!A;F0@,!S:&%R97

2P@
C`Q
2!A;F0@
C`Q
!R97-P96-T:79E;'D[
M($-L87-S($(@0V]M;6]N('-T;V-K+`D+C`P
2!P87(@=F%L=64L(#(R-2PP
M
#`L


S$L(#(P
3$@86YD
M(#(P













]




@02!#;VUM;VX@

@875T
M:&]R:7IE9!A;F0@-3`L,#`P+#`P,!A;F0@


M









]




@02!#

M97
@875T:&]R:7IE9!A;F0@-3`L,#`P+#`P,!A;F0@


]






]



M9VX]




]


@


T1T;W`^


M+#
U


]

]




]
T1N=6UP/C4P


]


]









]

RPQ-38L
S0P/'-P


]


]
T1N=6T^*#
L

M(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U-#DL



]

]
T1N=6T^*#(L
#8V+#

M+W-P86X^/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@U-#DL
C$Y

]





]



]



]


]



]




T1T;W`^4V%L97





M97

]


]
T1P;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3W1H
M97(@9V5N97)A;!A;F0@861M:6YS=')A=&EV93PO=&0^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT







T1T;W`^3&]S


]
T1N
M=6T^*#4T.2PR



]


]



]
T1R;SX-




]
T1T97AT


M9VX]

@;6%R9VEN/]T9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S



]
T1P




T1T;W`^4V%L97
@





]
T1P
M;!V86QI9VX],T1T;W`^3W1H97(@9V5N97)A;!A;F0@861M:6YS=')A=&EV


]
T1R


M1&YU;7`^





\+W1D/@T*

]

]

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^


]



]






]




T1T;W`^4V%L97











]



]


]


V%?
V5C-E\T9CDY7S@V-SA?
M93!F-SAD-#
W.&4Y#0I#;VYT96YT+4QO8V%T:6]N.B!F:6QE.B\O+T
Z+S0V

M+U-H965T

M970](G5S+6%S8VEI(@T*#0H\:'1M;#X-B`@/&AE860^#0H@(`@/$U%5$$@


^+RH@1&\@3F]T(%)E;6]V92!4:&ES($-O;6UE



3X\

@*$1E=&%I;'
I(A54T0@)D\8G(^

]
T1T:#Y$96
N
M(#





]


3`L
#`P/'-P



]





M3&]C871I;VXZ(&9I;&4Z+R\O0SHO-#9F-3EA
V%?
V5C-E\T9CDY7S@V-SA?
M93!F-SAD-#

O4VAE970R
BYH=&UL#0I#;VYT96YT





M;R!.;W0@4F5M;W9E(%1H:7

M;'-P86X]
T0Q(')O=W-P86X]





#$R/&)R/CPO=&@^#0H@(`@(`@(#QT


]

]
T1T97AT/CQS


T1T;W`^




M(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M/B@Q.#@L


]
'!E;G-E/]T
M9#X-B`@(`@(`@/'1D(&-L87-S/3-$;G5M<#XD(#`\<W!A;CX\+W-P86X^





M92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
#$N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3
M:&5E=#`R+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P,RYH=&UL
M(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,#0N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I
M;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`U+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B
M4VAE970P-BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T

M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#`X+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&
M:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970P.2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$
M(E-H965T,3`N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$Q+FAT
M;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970Q
BYH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z
M1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T
3
N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS
M1)3:&5E=#$T+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968],T0B4VAE970Q-2YH
M=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,38N:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO
M.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#$W+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\;SI&:6QE($A2968]
M
T0B4VAE970Q.YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F/3-$(E-H965T,3DN
M:'1M;(O/@T*(#QO.D9I;&4@2%)E9CTS1)3:&5E=#(P+FAT;6PB+SX-B`\
M;SI&:6QE($A2968]
T0B4VAE970R
2YH=&UL(B\^#0H@/&\Z1FEL92!(4F5F
M/3-$(E-H965T


`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods.&#160;&#160;Actual results could
vary from these estimates.




consist of our legal parent
 Global Vision Holdings
 Inc. and our wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Mamma&#146;s Best
 LLC
 Strategic
Management Consultants
 and Grocers Direct. All inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated upon consolidation.




financial institutions.&#160;&#160;Cash equivalents with maturity dates less than 90 days from the date of origination are considered
to be cash equivalents for financial reporting purposes.&#160;&#160;We currently have no cash equivalents.




are carried at cost which approximates their fair value in accordance with the fair value hierarchy as established by US GAAP.




due from our distributors. Accounts receivable are current in nature and we have not experienced any material collection issues.
Our reserve for bad debt is based on factors including current sales amounts
 historical charge-offs and specific accounts identified
as high risk. Uncollectible accounts receivable are charged against the allowance for doubtful accounts when reasonable efforts
to collect the amounts due have been exhausted.




cost or market using the first-in first-out (&#147;FIFO&#148;) method. Inventory is produced
 bottled
 and packed for shipment
by a third party manufacturer. We are not required to and have not entered into any firm purchase commitments with our manufacturer
and we order inventory on a &#147;just-in-time&#148; basis.




we recognize revenues upon delivery of our goods to a customer. This is generally the point at which title and risk of loss is
transferred
 and when payment has either been received or collection is reasonably assured. Revenues are recorded net of applicable
incentives and promotions and include all shipping and handling costs passed to customers.


based upon estimated and known returns. Product returns are recorded as a reduction of net revenues and as a reduction of the accounts
receivable balance. When all revenues are collected within the same period
 resulting in no outstanding receivables at the balance
sheet date
 the allowance is reclassified to current liabilities. Since inception
 we have had an immaterial amount of our products
returned.


we enter into agreements with our customers to provide product maximization consulting and retail in-store monitoring services
for emerging natural food brands. We recognize revenue from these arrangements on a monthly basis
 subsequent to the agreed upon
services being performed
 payment is received
 or collection is reasonably assured.




and handling costs to produce our products. We have not incurred material shipping and handling costs to date.

Selling
 General
 and Administrative Expenses

&#160;&#150;&#160;We
promote our products with trade promotions and other product demonstrations. These programs include in-store display incentives
and volume-based incentives. We expense advertising costs either in the period the advertising first takes place or as incurred.
Consumer incentive and trade promotion activities are recorded as a reduction to revenues. All marketing costs are recorded as
an expense in the year incurred.




annually. We assess goodwill impairment risk by first performing a qualitative review of entity-specific
 industry
 market and
general economic factors. If significant potential goodwill impairment risk exists
 we apply a two-step quantitative test. The
first step compares the estimated fair value with its carrying value. If the carrying value exceeds its fair value
 the second
step is applied to measure the difference between the carrying value and implied fair value of goodwill. If the carrying value
of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value
 the goodwill is considered impaired and reduced to its implied fair value.




linked instruments to employees and non-employees in lieu of cash for the receipt of goods and services and
 in certain circumstances
the settlement of short-term loan arrangements.


 we recognize compensation
cost based on the grant date fair value over the requisite service period.

non-employees are recognized at the fair value of our common stock on the earlier of the completion of the services or the date
a performance commitment is reached.




for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in financial statements or tax returns. Deferred tax
items are reflected at the enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected
to reverse. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts expected to be realized.
Due to the uncertainty regarding the success of future operations
 management has valued the deferred tax asset allowance at 100%
of the related deferred tax assets.


 2012 and 2011
 we did
not have any amounts recorded pertaining to uncertain tax positions. We file federal income tax returns in the United States. We
may be subject to reassessment of federal taxes for a period of three years from the date of the original notice of assessment
in respect of any particular taxation year. For U.S. income tax returns
 the open taxation years range from 2010 (year of inception)
to 2012. In certain circumstances
 the U.S. federal statute of limitations can reach beyond the standard three year period.




and is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted-average number of Class A and Class B common shares outstanding for
the period. Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if the Class A common stock is converted
to shares of Class B common in which each share of Class A common stock is convertible into two shares of Class B common stock.
For the periods presented we incurred net losses which makes the Class A conversion anti-dilutive
 and correspondingly not presented.




to the current year presentation certain amounts presented in the consolidated financial statements as of and for the period ended
December 31
 2011 have been reclassified. The reclassification did not have any impact on the previously reported financial position
results of operations
 or cash flows.




have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates the realization of assets and the liquidation
of liabilities in the normal course of business.


generating operations and have continued to incur losses since our inception in May 2010. Historically
 through the year ended
December 31
 2012
 our cash flows from operations have not been sufficient to sustain our operations without supplemental raises
of additional capital through issuances of our Class B common stock. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to
continue as a going concern and our financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from this uncertainty.


marketing plan to significantly increase our product sales and service income. This plan includes
 but is not limited to
 increasing
our product offerings
 expanding geographical reach
 and entering into other exclusive distribution agreements. Additionally
 we
will continue to supplement our operational plans via the issuance of equity and / or debt instruments. While we have been successful
at obtaining this additional funding there is no assurance these efforts or our operational plans will be successful in the future.




pronouncements that the Company expects to have a material impact on the financial position
 results of operations
 or cash flows.






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

883

000


        

810
        


        

208
        


        

558
        


        

459

000


        
        
        


        

985
        


        

444

000


        
        
        


        
        

000


        

842

097


        

842

097


        
        
        


        
        
        


Preferred stock: 25
000
000 shares authorized
 $0.001 par value none issued and outstanding
        
        


        

084
600)
        


        

806
143

027


        

623
511)

124)


        

602

097)


        

444

000



          

        
        


        
        
        


Class A Common stock
 $.001 par value
 200
000
000 shares authorized and 70
000
000 shares issued and 35
000
000 outstanding at December 31
 2012 and 50
000
000 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2011; Class B Common stock
 $.001 par value
 675
000
000 shares authorized 71
570
334 shares issued and 65
570
334 outstanding at December 31
 2012 and 15
000
000 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2011

000

000



          

        
        


        
        
        


Class A Common stock
 $.001 par value
 200
000
000 shares authorized and 70
000
000 shares issued and 35
000
000 outstanding at December 31
 2012 and 50
000
000 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2011; Class B Common stock
 $.001 par value
 675
000
000 shares authorized 71
570
334 shares issued and 65
570
334 outstanding at December 31
 2012 and 15
000
000 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2011

570

000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 within one year of the balance sheet date (or the normal operating cycle
 whichever is longer)
 for goods or services (including trade receivables) that have been delivered or sold in the normal course of business
 reduced to the estimated net realizable fair value by an allowance established by the entity of the amount it deems uncertain of collection.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 value contributed to an entity and value received from other stock related transactions. Examples of other stock related transactions include
 amongst other
 certain costs incurred in issuing equity securities
 certain dividends and certain tax-based consequences of share-based payments compensation awards. Includes only nonredeemable preferred stock transactions or transactions related to preferred stock that are redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. May be called contributed capital
 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.30(a)(1)
(2))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is the cumulative amount paid and (if applicable) the fair value of any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree
 adjusted for any amortization recognized prior to the adoption of any changes in generally accepted accounting principles (as applicable) and for any impairment charges
 in excess of the fair value of net assets acquired in one or more business combination transactions.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as applicable)
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and will be charged against earnings within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

066
387)

219)


        

735
529

000


        

084
600)
        


        

810)
        


        

391)
        


        

777

569


        

044
        


        

838)

650)


        
        
        


        

821
        


        
        
        


        

900

000


        

900

000


        
        

350


        

000

650


        

883

000


        
        
        


The Company did not pay any interest or taxes for the nine months ended December 31
 2012 and 2011
 respectively.
        
        


        
        
        


During the nine months ended September 30
 2012 the Company issued 10
000
000 shares of Class B common stock
 valued at $100
000
 to acquire the identifiable assets including goodwill along with the assumed liabilities of its wholly-owned subsidiary Mamma's Best
 LLC.
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 cash that was held by the acquired business).
              
 -Paragraph 15
 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 for example
 deferred expenses
 intangible assets
 or income taxes.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including those of discontinued operations
 of the reporting entity. Operating activities generally involve producing and delivering goods and providing services. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value that are not defined as investing or financing activities. While for technical reasons this element has no balance attribute
 the default assumption is a debit balance consistent with its label.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 equity-based employee remuneration. This may include the value of stock or unit options
 amortization of restricted stock or units
 and adjustment for officers' compensation. As noncash
 this element is an add back when calculating net cash generated by operating activities using the indirect method.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

000

000


        

000)

000)


        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (a)
 -Subparagraph a
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















/**
 * Rivet Software Inc.
 *
 * @copyright Copyright (c) 2006-2011 Rivet Software
 Inc. All rights reserved.
 * Version 2.1.0.1
 *
 */
var moreDialog = null;
var Show = {
    Default:'raw'
    more:function( obj ){
        var bClosed = false;
        if( moreDialog != null )
        {
			try
			{
				bClosed = moreDialog.closed;
			}
			catch(e)
			{
				//Per article at http://support.microsoft.com/kb/244375 there is a problem with the WebBrowser control
				// that somtimes causes it to throw when checking the closed property on a child window that has been
				//closed.  So if the exception occurs we assume the window is closed and move on from there.
				bClosed = true;
			}
			if( !bClosed ){
				moreDialog.close();
			}
        }
        obj = obj.parentNode.getElementsByTagName( 'pre' )[0];
		var hasHtmlTag = false;
		var objHtml = '';
		var raw = '';
		//Check for raw HTML
		var nodes = obj.getElementsByTagName( '*' );
		if( nodes.length ){
			objHtml = obj.innerHTML;
		}else{
			if( obj.innerText ){
				raw = obj.innerText;
			}else{
				raw = obj.textContent;
			}

			if( matches && matches.length ){
				objHtml = raw;
				//If there is an html node it will be 1st or 2nd
				//   but we can check a little further.
				var n = Math.min( 5
 matches.length );

					var el = matches[ i ].toString().toLowerCase();

						hasHtmlTag = true;
						break;
					}
				}
			}
		}
        if( objHtml.length ){
			var html = '';
			if( hasHtmlTag ){
				html = objHtml;
			}else{


'+

					\n+'    body {'+
					\n+'    }'+
					\n+'    table {'+
					\n+'    }'+



						objHtml +


			}
			moreDialog = window.open(
More
width=700,height=650,status=0,resizable=yes,menubar=no,toolbar=no,scrollbars=yes);
			moreDialog.document.write( html );
			moreDialog.document.close();
			if( !hasHtmlTag ){
				moreDialog.document.body.style.margin = '0.5em';
			}
        }
        else
        {
			//default view logic
			var lines = raw.split( \n );
			var longest = 0;


					longest = Math.max( longest
 lines[p].length );
				}
			}
			//Decide on the default view

			//Build formatted view

			var formatted = '';

				if( text.length == 1 ){

;
				}else{

\n;
					}
				}
			}else{
';
			}


'+

				\n+'    body {'+
				\n+'       background-color: #f0f9ee;'+
				\n+'       font-family: Arial
 san-serif; font-size: 0.8em;'+
				\n+'    }'+
				\n+'    table {'+
				\n+'       font-size: 1em;'+
				\n+'    }'+




				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+


				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+


				\n+'    
				\n+'        
'+





			moreDialog = window.open(
More
width=700,height=650,status=0,resizable=yes,menubar=no,toolbar=no,scrollbars=yes);
			moreDialog.document.write(html);
			moreDialog.document.close();
			this.toggle( moreDialog );
        }
		moreDialog.document.title = 'Report Preview Details';
    }
    toggle:function( win
 domLink ){
        var domId = this.Default;
        var doc = win.document;
        var domEl = doc.getElementById( domId );
        domEl.style.display = 'block';
        this.Default = domId == 'raw' ? 'formatted' : 'raw';
        if( domLink ){
            domLink.innerHTML = this.Default == 'raw' ? 'with Text Wrapped' : 'as Filed';
        }
        var domElOpposite = doc.getElementById( this.Default );
        domElOpposite.style.display = 'none';
    }
	LastAR : null
	showAR : function ( link
 id
 win ){
		if( Show.LastAR ){
			Show.hideAR();
		}
		var ref = link;
		do {
			ref = ref.nextSibling;
		} while (ref && ref.nodeName != 'TABLE');
		if (!ref || ref.nodeName != 'TABLE') {
			var tmp = win ?
				win.document.getElementById(id) :
				document.getElementById(id);
			if( tmp ){
				ref = tmp.cloneNode(true);
				ref.id = '';
				link.parentNode.appendChild(ref);
			}
		}
		if( ref ){
			ref.style.display = 'block';
			Show.LastAR = ref;
		}
	}
	toggleNext : function( link ){
		var ref = link;
		do{
			ref = ref.nextSibling;
		}while( ref.nodeName != 'DIV' );
		if( ref.style &&
			ref.style.display &&
			ref.style.display == 'none' ){
			ref.style.display = 'block';
			if( link.textContent ){
				link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '+'
 '-' );
			}else{
				link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '+'
 '-' );
			}
		}else{
			ref.style.display = 'none';
			if( link.textContent ){
				link.textContent = link.textContent.replace( '-'
 '+' );
			}else{
				link.innerText = link.innerText.replace( '-'
 '+' );
			}
		}
	}
	hideAR : function(){
		Show.LastAR.style.display = 'none';
	}
}











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



Inc. (&#147;Company&#148;
 &#147;Parent&#148;; formerly Versant International
 Inc.) was organized under the laws of the State
of Nevada in May 2010.&#160;&#160;The Company was organized as a vehicle to investigate and
 if such investigation warrants
 acquire
companies or businesses seeking the perceived advantages of being a publicly held corporation. One of our principal business objectives
for the next 12 months and beyond will be to achieve long-term growth potential through acquisitions or combinations with other
businesses.


Company
 Global Vision Holdings
 Inc. operates three wholly-owned subsidiaries; Mamma&#146;s Best LLC (&#147;MB&#148;)
 Strategic
Management Consultants (&#147;SMC&#148;)
 and Grocers Direct (&#147;GD&#148;).


LLC we produce and sell food products. Our products are available at well-known organic and natural food retail outlets primarily
in the Los Angeles and Orange County locales. To date
 our food products consist of a total of four barbeque sauces and marinades.


provides skilled advice for businesses to streamline and make more efficient management and organizational decisions. SMC formulates
business strategies and improved operational performance by assessing the organization's current systems and processes; evaluating
and recommending appropriate solutions; and ensuring success by mitigating potential risk. SMC provides the necessary resources
at all levels
 to implement these new strategies and initiatives from sales and marketing
 leadership
 strategic partnerships
public relations
 branding
 financial forecasting and accounting.


and representation services for emerging natural food brands in the retail market place.


Mamma&#146;s Best we were considered to be in the development stage as defined by United States generally accepted accounting
principles.






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 consolidation and basis of presentation of financial statements disclosure.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 C1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 4
 14
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        
        
        


        

000
000

000
000


        
        
        


        
        
        



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

000
000

000
000


        

000
000

000
000


        

000
000

000
000



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        

000
000

000
000


        

570
334

000
000


        

570
334

000
000




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


    
    
    
Global Vision Holdings
 Inc.December 31
 2011
    
    
    
Mamma's Best
 LLC Acquisition Adjustments
    
    
    
    
Pro Forma Consolidated&#160;atDecember 31
 2011
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
15
000
    
    
    
2
907
    
    
    
    
17
907
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
13
251
    
    
    
    
13
251
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
86
985
    
    
    
    
86
985
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
15
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
118
143
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
20
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
20
000
    

    
    
    
17
097
    
    
    
3
143
    
    
    
    
20
240
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
37
097
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
40
240
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Preferred stock: 10
000
000 shares authorized ($0.001 par value) none issued and outstanding
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Class A Common stock
 $.001 par value
 75
000
000 shares authorized and 50
000
000 and 0 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2011 and 2010 respectively
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
50
000
    

Class B Common stock
 $.001 par value
 225
000
000 shares authorized 25
000
000 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2011 and 2010 respectively
    
    
15
000
    
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
    
25
000
    

    
    
    
470
027
    
    
    
90
000
    
    
    
    
560
027
    

    
    
    
(557
124
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(557
124
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(22
097
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
77
903
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
15
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
118
143
    



&#160; To recognize and measure the fair value of
the identifiable assets and assumed liabilities of Mamma's Best LLC.

&#160; To recognize the fair value of the consideration
given
 10
000
000 shares of Class B common stock
 to acquire the business of Mamma's Best inclusive of acquired goodwill.

&#160; Immediately subsequent to the acquisition
of Mamma's Best
 LLC
 Global Vision Holdings
 Inc. is no longer considered a development stage entity in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States.



    
    
Global Vision Holdings
 Inc.
December 31

    
Mamma's Best
 LLC
December 31

    
    
December 31


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
18
769
    
    
    
18
769
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
14
298
    
    
    
14
298
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
471
    
    
    
4
471
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
500
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
500
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
11
581
    
    
    
11
581
    

    
    
    
44
426
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
44
426
    

    
    
    
4
793
    
    
    
9
114
    
    
    
13
907
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
549
219
    
    
    
20
695
    
    
    
569
914
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(549
219
    
    
    
(16
224
    
    
    
(565
443
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(549
219
    
    
    
(16
224
    
    
    
(565
443
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph r(2
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        
        
        

      














        
        
        
        


        

 Inc.
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        

         2012
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        

011


Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding
        

590
334
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 then the document is an amendment to previously-filed/accepted document.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 the first fiscal quarter should be given as the fiscal period focus. Values: FY
 Q1
 Q2
 Q3
 Q4
 H1
 H2
 M9
 T1
 T2
 T3
 M8
 CY.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word Other.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (2) Accelerated Filer
 (3) Non-accelerated Filer
 (4) Smaller Reporting Company (Non-accelerated) or (5) Smaller Reporting Accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 or average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter. The public float should be reported on the cover page of the registrants form 10K.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    


















begin 644 0001019687-13-001103-xbrl.zip







M1-@

!^)?]\D/;.I;V-0)-AVQ_W4=H?=R[M'=GV0=IOS[;G3_MR2ONO#'!

J]95[M[.@)CM6DYUFC`=Y
VK
A^QA42@XJ



#N:IAPD_YHDO\TR^4'RKTGR










M)I(*






M-

P=W
-Q1KP0WEX`PO_/U8*RBT#4CE85L&$I1

'*YUP/A^X423KYVKE8\JA
MHOEP)
X?7::46=]P6%AQ2-O*+*4B2!9\36(1DF;Y2!9\Z6`A3\QF:_
\607)




_


MK'7FSMN#5
:


M0V?6S8K.*(RSQBGB64*K7$B9G\DI$V;L7=3Q!.H][70A?.EGY:=HPG
0$H!N
MO]U$@DR*
DDL+Y#YWSM?J15*I#LKRLO!6$V-\&-G#4+KIZO5$.B.SOTI;-
MB?*V$]7;IT;BO8CE&TK*VS)4J=52^_O+HKW2ZQ&LJ14\J@7VN/2+6]E@5G%
M.2S=9ULV9PIOFR;*ZL#F=EE6[*6[IXCJWW+-
^FG[)E51S9BPUJ94/+FY)4






K5WUWSMHUL*_%^&_
+WD#4
TX/:TG-PE2.2FO_:FG_7(Y_@8[HZY
M4BRO*I59F]P553ZR,G9E8]JG=U/]&H5$=7:ZX##\2@3PE,5G&`,$SV1MQ:
M?1&QG`IC+FCE#RS+R'.6QTZS:B1E#TF]QU=45+G*][D`;`-]16KG0TGCWJ]






MT@AM+`@DU-%CLNB[!$2H-VH`&LB$




DTEG`L%:XML@821-DOUOT*CP0%(YD9#CZDZ'

M`M@=0AEPG0O`U6F
]+A\TH..V:U#



(1P.55^R4(T4L
MJRSBB80/\S1)6


(*S=Z
)$G%7(V*I)&!:3:%15Q-/'


2
M6KK`UZ<CF(DQYA+F</6A9*S3#O6;GE/EV0_K46NOR+U(_%)MX/M)/#\P:`1


M*%3%.P









<E`%57-H81,OI
MN&0$I+EGJY4/=!!N@/8-SL0[(7]HNT)/XC&UBT.5?;''J8O!B1'#51=U9X+@
M!YCD@36JXYT&`^X/INDGNK<DE;CH/\8%*]S/PN,!8;Z9V#3S[TQI^*#;*:<
M0


+FZY=J*TI@F/R&264
!]S
M=!3&N(7].?C$0_C18*]*=!M%FJX#.D$U6&Z&



HCRAW+ZE-H?(Q6SGP<,%/T@$+*\K'8=D850-348%;8R#^
MZ6T#4SIQP3NDIV#`=`G`ZTTPZ7Q-*;J%7Q546:%6-)UG)F9X)^2!J]8N+B3

@VU`]29Z(3B6`T:MUGA7I-PN1Q'
MJNU7*V^T
4'O30TWXZ!WCYPZE[$?/U[)D;]1]9NIPL]_U5?='X29?]S6+T
_R2X$1+LR![@5)*G482G6HSJD)'-771..XHS-P*-KF:G-EH_*[\/=





/40GZ/MGN3XDMA(I0/_``&XL3#'HL0N4
MP^Z)RR)^/E6N90LTLP\P-'RVE*L-5@R1(





(






Q\UR)

[^88Z0B_WI

/$@J&P

MN8&KI


MH^?)C32/^\H-*@
A4H:+$!8PAZ:$W%@O4K2:22^W,MB3/`;VF%?W7BK?$',
M;!52Y
;(RN?18F78V29^C+=:)JXW










A:Y





)HNY%T.:'6I55.X=VBOXBBVI652R/E1IV+R&0X

M]]$4C3+?V`@AN(SK5&=F0)XY3\[1K9



MU
BJD$Y^_``=AR*AGO\8RT/2D&


M@AH=`=(`T#.6%?_%=?PDN#%IZ6G9J74UN?(0U

M88U(3
NNXS!^&=U
[0=<S:.3E7Q0
_0#LSVG^A@/W&
M9:

M
Z!22UAI20-G@G_=)#EGU1C[KD*-=-C2I11DD64X(`[64%)%5#24V;RD^F



)]]F(5`Y_
+R*^$P
CG'.\6

MIDX`-!NPG6-XW5?R5KB.#)$3%Q_!?10`)G$HK@M9E*8NB/2A[))1YGY/!P5



MD^EER[S?^65:%T\AJ`




CV'Z!!=ROG
D+X;94E:^#X
I


M5]T.:JPB!







P?54/V?FB+PO'YVR$3)9)2!/*



M(!FF*_)9IUQ'
PQ+F9/U
4%SR-[
755O15!G&CNZJ
Q-6A%'9*D@C$DH1C$W

-9G.

M&.4CG[-R535$`2P


M-*

?\J?1W)'
M0];+4F*

M@97



M^2_7O8_77Z[OKC_=LMZ?5^SV[N;R?WZ_^7+UZ=OM3^SJT^?KR^L[XH()-]-V

J14-4V4^-/%3&TQM75]F^6$7=?




[!QN'WF^LRQQVYLE]\SY$4KM4!8]
P4=([8W#7&/-C
M%'O[?-?KZAA.!E?BCH[9CI.

MMW8`S:`

M9=:5_JU+W\54;CS_J_$


L&!!I^%L7
M9^
.7)26;/%-3\+'9
3[$YML
&!_V*.1_5/$/O(H9E^^7)X=![\;*_![AL?T
M&R?P(^!Q:&





M\=X?GD?B__)=_.DVAME%NY?R5)/$C25/&P0



M27CLQCN`#O#L2&14;UF-[H61S]'*I[Q3@`Y:4X%CF[XC&-;HRYK]8+A=M8K]

MS/U(WFN8^`AM)V984V76[!XX&+%H-#'#FBJS9C^ND5U=;]T





MZ
N:JN&X+Y@



%_#X#-V

M=.-@[:*]E6KLSY?+5;&J\T+-C[J)HU7UC6T2C?:85MU;_BD`1T%&*?Z9[$


M

0NTCWJTVZ`CMX3JRQK-6K`A,K^BHOES=TOIR7=K1`V7-.OB!_Y.XC[:7


M8




MIF158&+E(:!R(E9Z_4?;=[@HBAL]V%_+P^#W4Q4UM
;5W?9EF%\\U]@%9&
M25.R#B1::.?Z7!9$+



M56!B50)5MW'@?!=QM]%/[-

DCF+X`-
QYD^?B566-9J2




M)N+..



M]C=\$X3S.R!-@+]`T;7OG#$W8G[`O
;Y
MOYPT3^9AMA):]Y;$[F%.(T][D/V;D($6Q.2CV!?\N(*BV+&8AG^E\K_2S#Z

M


M1R3
#9D<BHWK(:
MW0LCGZ.53WFG`!VTI@+'-GU'


MV3UP


M

MR/7=*
;:+H^\=%4]DCBXEM7I[K)VE1'/5N+I6O5Z06T9C'AV`(&;5K=V`#V7
M3
+H84_
L*;*K-D7EMM5%*FH'QR
J2R?/V0\'UMA
%SQGNI6UVK4UTU:TV'I

M_LSX:.P%SQP(&X?!HXM/9V$F=O\1._U%+
;X$_S-JW;=:C;J9ZQ'W1SSC9S$
M2YXXBW@




*N8J5*6*X$5)[Z)6`2V

E
&?OZ.3WCHD)[&N_6%5IM-E$

-'L.GJ12+N889:F`;LUGW8JOT@
M&PE^_TQ4S`PR0^PL.`!TTN^3GP';#UOYN8L7RD'A!]CM`Q];%#_:KD?]?0$D




93K`TBR/9@(F&YY7*?7

-;H7R-

(TTKGW8!_B=_:

MVUP==/
X1





MG`/85]AMS\`0`$]\6]CRO'LJ&


M42/AW=(K1*M/CI(8CDB
$&B0?S26(72:&_^;#@9DD_8ST'5PC(!3U2\_D*

M2

._8_;B9_3$.YL.1L'$P&P?S(4^L`JRIV$Z=!96S3\)]

M9'ZR2
IKG(O



[.#1V8B_V@EVG$_
T@]:3*


/RGID@]*I+V/A'


F6%8F9U9AI


M?YFVK1OR6[%[^9LVIV==UBG.K49/VLC1CAYZ?A__\^F?Q'VT/=Q
OU+RT[5L

M@?QA#Q/
1



(!HSS)UW]^AJVJT:Q=M%JMG%78C*+=

=8M]D/

MOJCSRVEM;4SK-XZ5*L!

M-NA@SVOU:FM\-[BJ%US^]D!M?25J)?$#W`@_L_4AKF0IPOH:PAX6%M$XO3+
MMB=M9:RT]+02[@EQUZ@1[QA.UI69E%AM.20YBZ9DWM-`505Q:8E5.5\R1N8
MM'^+QR\].XIZ?URS89V8P4ZB*]?KBDS^'ZQP
A?0[7]TGZ&EO


MENT2Z-M&&SOU=J?6;+9*YM_*]-5?UL$5Z5L-..U*R*LAEW7`U`%0NI69;+^H


IC?9Y][S;

M
#$R
3(S


^_UN5Q6)1]M@<+QA_%F6'Z:FSV8P[)-(U=MD3=N=4HOIA
M5I__;+5
JV::5GDY`D-:V(=&5M6L5:JU2JTZJ-;JU6K]HJ;9F8_]F8@ZJRX_
M58

M#O:#`
OL!BE;R/^
L)DA+QFF9=3
\E(
2Z'S`P]RYI)'
D+R$P(EZM6#\(7`

M8?_U!4:+H#+82ZAR`



MD%1QT/JP$)^2@9XJ1'S6W?-I.=):.=)[
ECL$!?G(UT6O(GY1\36A*B3-Z




:8U=N1QI^$W/^C-.4-)1
MF:$I'#=O(W0:W$&

MK?

@5:#RE6K;%7@K)16-.GZO#V7F3T:3/
M3M;=414[7RI)99\W+0DEWSF/ZD

M)GQ.'2(XW2&0DP@[\K4/H,BT=;#8_H=KF
'_*7C?K+`G.5LI(SFI%&T=9D\P)S<8
M+-


MR_?#M




ZMQ9!=EU
0OU






M
3(Q
C
Q7V1E9BYX;6Q55`D``[=]65&W?5E1=7@+``$$)0X```0Y`0``[5U9

+(B&9-13A$*2/_?4!


[%G$=KS9


DQ3






M=VR




WI0K8'2K\




<!7\9U7I[A^917VRIIPGI#/TKK[A0Q!

YZ._6
MM6U)5V09Q%A;

M?=@[VB_2-

MP6F84J96T6F&%F(F*5

^))5<HF^+ET5AG+0@^RH79QG;93OWJKH`<9$3MHIT'%9P@
M2MK@^W

;S[!TVU*MSE5V\[GU*[\[UA9
MF-FWF([F;O$+1%7-X&0\322@@Z2H7?\O`JC%C*3EJD*'$#?(A=K]@;&/$0W]

JMUP@).^

QQ#=6K#(S

C74;00=
C4.F1J'
2^\_O[HC:?Q+16-<D36@%.%[0CC5\XMQEAXTJDY6P`!S)M-J


[_KWG?&`91S5=F&-XVO3#A)F;!S4%WOW9N

WZN
M69$)E:J0)@LSUK==M!26/-#-(PTH!9KK-)
7A-XV:[\U*!Z-ENW.D?1(OF
M##+!FX3@@XKI:'[;`*:A[WCU[-I&V'=P4?!L3:B$)K-7YV?!@IY7?+^9^)!P
M/A6Y2FHBR_+4%(/7-
Z\=@X_GR!Z(.HG]6(%@@R.&RH)2-]+CN?#[&TFN_

^9O1H18+534








5PBDEIA*L9`&#*SFESK\FQ'YQ
M7/4^_+[2CA]'2RXDM-@&


U8@?,<M?O1
MPCE2;SXJ4M<WG6E##^AV0B*&*`?GT%3K*<BTVE3
LA&%D$
JKX5JR0*]4V%

MP6HZ*4








MUYADT?M


M\Q6^(_$;Q)%


MI7%PXJN$WRW+WI1.@T:Y

/_W^$2\6


Q@?')%D__/T

E74%UAK



SU8H!Z%XX=O[:%&CT&__O
M/V#HB0W9%S0YBW&6G4H=C0[H4D5JHG4!=5%@M*.DUI9-`40B4YAR&1ZCU-R
M3^.0]:473









BC!^9#238E


8D
MO$CR*%_SD[_LJ\4:_5V6ISC(I0+J6X2[#G]8Y;8-MY^]=Y?[#-)MX56FB-FB



GYD?36`U##7&C.
M1)+K2H7QKAT#L4YP82&)+59D/`GBS.FU13'XR0D3W\E:V7E.CBWPE#0;JC
M!0(D#3DSA39*
!)HQ.`^U%'YL5M6K*1:S8]=:4%&JI)`_3
4[4S4$-=


0-O#J'8K#R-Q+'?TWH8S(E.*

MKCC.:R6=&LJ*\44H^6H%)$7V=H8U$F141E21[5)-1\QOK1.4W5*R`ME%OM

MLE+(H``B@?38QVQ3$HA\.MEDE8MLN




!1AY26IT=H^GTXG8*
M20KE.HZ5(CI8]\)0T.WJHP4$)A
Y.]7F46$#0S5G.+L?)2'_'\^X]H!CPO.R


M1.]:%%BW^4TT=)N'1B1`


XW47TM/Z/!]]A+IS@-@K



M.-G:+1[K##Q)TV(968V&*+]^\HU0QB:.E^16WI#1#KK:YS6:J2HNL[`I:;,
MQ.N:4J/!:,I(L7OWP8-(6LR?\JV5]C!$%:UL'B-UWQ1T6Y=N`WVL2(L)RQ;



=;^I1(1A-

MM91@9PO@\E-Y=2PN06T:@NDT^K#57(HJ@G.B!`60+D5M7[=8NU&Q')0K'HJ-


;^EIE
%5*O/*DLP3C*7G0-ZU/;235$518)1$:;F;W5
M`^D:^5.AJ@)J];4M@*I.0=.DMLY:#5S5B2R-?117&?A66Y.X26D%&K3*&A0M

V)=JK
MJ-0C-@44KIBT8[6&D-T'JD(K4S\2HGP\`




M

Y

Q-2E*I71%@940!V
MG02!?!(N$FN5\J')LV6CG(V+;='Z,/\LQH]WN',JTXAV-S\W4MY.U)50[[V7
M'3]I.A$4U`Q0PSVN0D
Y<K`*J.52\%85J$N(8.)=]?3CZ=*88CU346H,MI'
M=]Q4C*+#PAB&_OY&HOD]8S-Z8/WHG'Q:\80:DYFH;2T(R$Z60PMSJ=;G5;@N
MXF$E@='VL^BW)5\5AG!1&M@(?8NH57^AJJ;X5&]!J4MQ/?0TQVFNZWXM@E)/
MR3Q*N$]%IS@6^7'WRXO+=?IXR6<^]#_


O(NUKY

M!X[65
VIQ6V)RJ
/[OA`#W0

M$S94T'HUJ%





M)3BD(


X/^R@)=V8O

$XH(B2I28IR
@H#/
MOC+F+TGT@.]B59XA.U/'R=ZM*]/*_&ZT`^


M*PPV?G4GH:_77

MEFUJBB60%9^M


Q5GZ]G`FH=%U\[9*QZ2UL+IY2AFZHV+4M1P

M41CA=%W/=P!#;(KV=1DE.`EVX$FU!0'PI!85M?DFE+`'DP=9
GW90`SI/6
M#Y=(CTLJ'I6%G:_#/]IJJ




M34U$V]N_U98AS(R8_:A+AW:R-XAPCNXV&319#\N3MQ64_G^^7(!QV_V(]WJU



'L)%-C+

G396
/?0`Q_:AWRD_M518;+'#RW@8E]*
M%!Z%K*.*9A$/8T)8!.#QXPWQ2IS@G%
:/D9QC'!


6&?U[:PZCFZ]WB2[F=W.\HDEI-TCI/HW[K!O@[H+A&E


E:ZB6
I-39G#!GLS-Q*7U)F?E8!#YIW8D<
MZ
ZCZ(ANG8H
Y5T)1FK=S=
BS?043D!9-XL7%ZF]D^EA[SP/9)]JZ?.O*8R]

M+2W0-KY@X\DG3/MU^^2%+=O9TM:_EK;^C?YM*&%N71PSZMPW=L-*\F[AG=

M&

M(*T

M%G9NPS(LJ]$
QC`8@5&9+=.NPQ)VJ&;X@H$663Z9?:`TS*8T#J7=GQ;I




?
M;M'D$DVN+VY&M^/)IRD

925
2LIEVL68Y2L*K;9INT?Z
![%P=0]$/KH%BCY+(GA;6G2^J*IBM[<<4G
MCN\0U+V%%J'.74;\/DD+)_*B*Q

Q[*'OW[7O







A#1P]N39=XGD:XWU\&;7I.&HRC4R%[E&
D.ND1=[
IW'O<IRND`7L3AQ\=;+L_Z(%PN<G9(L_RCB-[K/NHT`

T`!L]CG
M)GZFJEFVXB

M!+7(

M7J2!YJ[6(%XR5HG53@R%1/3J9:D.'J*I%M.2C@?6TS1WEH
6M!14_Y&P?_
+K^G)%PG&RZGA$_(R`:F6/W]X:4%
80%H6





MF9%?CU(B/IT=TW!Y

KK^AP\?3N)O





1M0


MGR


M/G4SC/IB



B'*





H1




M)#_H-A]_347T7)*`RT.X3=#DTDEW'0C/=B&&A`NOHC4BK%II;.APD!LP9J


%YMR$XST'PUBP$0\:X'ZOS
M^?*MC
9-R+V*['U7J61-;O
.U?KF
!2F_$)CLW$2E40&H'%B(G@.]7Q1\B



A$J1M)1?


MZ$7L=($;_'QKPX$2%;%1RVP'+D61X/






MX]``3%G1[84(4+!(2V8V%:(!L%JN2M3(#6W5=0Q$:C80O_XU;C=6L$+U*_WR


C

.B(M&[T
SLP9!4IU3%LZUZG^'P
MD;B8?0HID]_DR`G

2-\E(IE+.)$^-K:IOJ!=?XOMS)ZM5%F`93+:
?2G
MBP6?#$/&?6K!9N9)ND+-@M*V9BM.2+5+M8S;!


^[S/Y3#POJ#P&Q;)1!O)
MI`NR@L+L\14($KW`=@`CIE#

`WRSX?


M`?
.=/+:


_'4DO]?2

M

[E&PQ&P2*!+!=M=D;W/79+N;
7$Q-OH\O/YT
7



@ZS!1O

MFH([

P!$NBBM]TD3JVN:3A


?:M`!;5D=VS*]C
M?!=-`A:%:R'K&+OB:`)S`9;D$0=8/I
`U'=P`1!&N@-3LS$:%F@0
*C%'K


M]:9P:/N8\Z]:VQ^2\/GD/BZ;'MM-@F&KBMN.1F?:3!Y54TPFC-AL4U-!RJ
MJ
F..;7(\4V('Q`1S[3&@W639#T
O&ETC\
A8SB2AVW4[
UL-%UKX%=1I:W#

#JSC-27PQ!_BDOL1


7KKHXP*O:(D0&X[[
M;W5T2#3U8Z28MS\X*H0.];_O(5LKP^,'BQE;/SSXL5N,_*U;/`D6-%PEV.F



M;VORQ9040_L0:\%=X-VD()LN-J
#^?OHZ[V.Q0`Y]Q6G9LW_CM$07Q7FV==:
M6M*O!58XZ

MH0LGU9NS[\[9]==L\!Q(!KVG7ZT7DPZOBD.M'4.IS0;@U\(TZ^U6TI(%UGC6


M85^A`Z
VH$))DS.IT8@%-O&V=[YF1!1(*HNGV!E&/V\8;X^=+:&3IFS4/DI8

F--A*K/`MM[U



M%7?FI?'K^58=N(





M3NQ`[@*%`9=


M:-`2[CC8^A2UA(E2K0&F#E;FP+H2_'
F-H-55E3[R6S+(*^;_YJ*W#3.HU

MJKC4Z]ETT;[;L_FA&GY/@=)HWNVFK







;

;3KJ$+==5U6$=B$72D5A.!VS,E!6
M.U?C-9[357-/;\R:%049O
F`3JG0$%L@FA;R.`&O8B+6`T\LM9F
QLK0J
6


M'HMB.]

G9_;($0\^+XTJ1?X.(-PDV;[=D1Y[4FX
1F\[`JX9U)8W8
M889C_(A]^B#66+X!7.*+(
+A0T@8'N


MJ!X

Y\A'[
-BXI(P$(S
%Q1^P\+KVVA%OH.64Y@-UP3!J1?8#ML2\R=F++XZO<3R
MV*9B.[.!F2`09,+9H7K-QK295I'9C8L$P0



MQ';


8HC)22RKMU@1

MLVO(H+B(#

#$R
3(S
M



%

M_?[;WW]`\'/UHZ*@:XO89A/UF*$
Z)3]BH;8(4UT0RAQL6#NK^@#MCVYPJXM


#X48
MS"0A8[/*',(*HE-'$+%-7.='IEBSX:X??6P;4TM8E:0P.Z,'G4^0(;)$=3


ONR`G.0%1!_#?_?](01C=(U&#_W']G@`#*4+Q0:A

F;'9+36$@V49!!Z-ZVAS=]'0V&

MZ/IN]+%\*3)D@FC*R)UA:OT[TB6EK&=#?1[OC;0JBHJ6$M6ZHGN.@]W5:*I;
M
PK=L8&AZS0





M]9GR2&S9=
;-3K<=3/JFBM!OEZ4%11*;$_5Z#K




Y44W
M\^3VB
C0JG!+3BM5UFMSETQ;E=GSW*)*.(_P!7RK+AT[Y)&Z<T98_%C%X5CO'*K`
MKI'0DABQ`24,KD\FD4UM#Y4(PAQ1\BVRY#^2<^B8^VWARJ
\@0NSOZ.R=

M&70%GC-7()H8+\J;

M8]IOGY
2E1P&@O*H7

O]QCQ\&\0[BX)\Z$

ARZ;)'&S1

99<+Y[M_@&_-


MW[8C7V\=X^]&LKB!C\XIQO




M`&=V:&EN+3(P
3(Q
C


M@2%G``!G=FAI;BTR
#$R
3(S


M`*2!VXD``&=V:&EN+3(P
3(Q
C


M````I('6HP``9W9H:6XM
C`Q
C$R


`
end











    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        

    
    
December 31
 2012
    
December 31
 2011

    
    
    
910
000
    
    
    
188
000
    

    
    
    
(910
000
    
    
    
(188
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Deferred tax asset
 net
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



        
        

    
    
December 31
 2012
    
December 31
 2011

    
    
    
722
000
    
    
    
188
000
    

    
    
    
(722
000
    
    
    
(188
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

977
        


        

850
        


        

474
        


        

353
        


        
        
        


        

708
129

000


        

957
        


        

316

426


        

938

793


        

156
340

219


        

150
987)

219)


        

084
600
        


        

066
387)

219)


        
        
        


        

084
441

684
932




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pension and post-retirement benefit expense or other labor-related non-salary expense. For commercial and industrial companies
 excludes any direct and overhead labor that is included in cost of goods sold.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 General and Administrative Expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


31
 2012 our officers and key employees provided operating advances totaling $51
321. As of December 31
 2012 we settled all of
our related party payables including the outstanding balance at December 31
 2011 of $20
000. Of these advances we repaid $47
146
in cash and $24
175 of obligations were forgiven.


4 for a discussion of the stock based compensation issued to our officers and employees.






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


 2012 we acquired 100% of
the 40
000
000 outstanding ownership units of Mamma&#146;s Best
 LLC in exchange for 10
000
000 shares of Class B common stock.
We accounted for the transaction as a business combination by applying the acquisition method in which the fair value of the consideration
given
 $100
000
 was allocated to the identifiable assets acquired of $16
158; the liabilities assumed of $3
143; and the goodwill
acquired of $86
985. Subsequent to the completion of the acquisition
 Mamma&#146;s Best LLC became a wholly-owned operating subsidiary
of Global Vision Holdings
 Inc. and our officers and affiliates maintained the controlling interest in our consolidated Company.


given exceeded the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed
 we recognized goodwill. At December
31
 2012 we performed an impairment analysis of the goodwill acquired. Based on the results of our impairment test
 consisting
primarily of assessing qualitative factors
 we determined the fair value of the acquired reporting unit (Mamma&#146;s Best) inclusive
of goodwill exceeds its carrying amount
 thus no impairment was recognized.


 provided
for informational purposes
 reflects the consolidated balance sheet and statement of operations as of and for the year ended December
31
 2011; assuming the acquisition took place on January 1
 2011
 the earliest period presented in these financial statements.



    
    
    
Global Vision Holdings
 Inc.December 31
 2011
    
    
    
Mamma's Best
 LLC Acquisition Adjustments
    
    
    
    
Pro Forma Consolidated&#160;atDecember 31
 2011
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
15
000
    
    
    
2
907
    
    
    
    
17
907
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
13
251
    
    
    
    
13
251
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
86
985
    
    
    
    
86
985
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
15
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
118
143
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
20
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
20
000
    

    
    
    
17
097
    
    
    
3
143
    
    
    
    
20
240
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
37
097
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
40
240
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Preferred stock: 10
000
000 shares authorized ($0.001 par value) none issued and outstanding
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Class A Common stock
 $.001 par value
 75
000
000 shares authorized and 50
000
000 and 0 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2011 and 2010 respectively
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
50
000
    

Class B Common stock
 $.001 par value
 225
000
000 shares authorized 25
000
000 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2011 and 2010 respectively
    
    
15
000
    
    
    
10
000
    
    
    
    
25
000
    

    
    
    
470
027
    
    
    
90
000
    
    
    
    
560
027
    

    
    
    
(557
124
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(557
124
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(22
097
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
77
903
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
15
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
118
143
    



&#160; To recognize and measure the fair value of
the identifiable assets and assumed liabilities of Mamma's Best LLC.

&#160; To recognize the fair value of the consideration
given
 10
000
000 shares of Class B common stock
 to acquire the business of Mamma's Best inclusive of acquired goodwill.

&#160; Immediately subsequent to the acquisition
of Mamma's Best
 LLC
 Global Vision Holdings
 Inc. is no longer considered a development stage entity in accordance with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States.



    
    
Global Vision Holdings
 Inc.
December 31

    
Mamma's Best
 LLC
December 31

    
    
December 31


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
18
769
    
    
    
18
769
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
14
298
    
    
    
14
298
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
471
    
    
    
4
471
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
500
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
500
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
11
581
    
    
    
11
581
    

    
    
    
44
426
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
44
426
    

    
    
    
4
793
    
    
    
9
114
    
    
    
13
907
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
549
219
    
    
    
20
695
    
    
    
569
914
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(549
219
    
    
    
(16
224
    
    
    
(565
443
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(549
219
    
    
    
(16
224
    
    
    
(565
443
    






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including leverage buyout transactions (as applicable)
 and divestitures.  This may include a description of a business combination or divestiture (or series of individually immaterial business combinations or divestitures) completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and assets and liabilities recognized and reclassified or sold. This element does not include fixed asset sales and plant closings.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          















        
        
        
        


        

883

000

650


        

208
        
        


        

985
        
        


        

444

000
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

000
        


        

842

097
        


        

842

097
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Preferred stock: 25
000
000 shares authorized
 $0.001 par value none issued and outstanding
        
        
        


        

806
143

027
        


        

602

097)

095


        

444

000
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

000
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

000
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

000
        


        
        

097
        


        
        

097
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Preferred stock: 25
000
000 shares authorized
 $0.001 par value none issued and outstanding
        
        
        


        
        

027
        


        
        

124)
        


        
        

097)
        


        
        

000
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

907
        


        
        

251
        


        
        

985
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

143
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Preferred stock: 25
000
000 shares authorized
 $0.001 par value none issued and outstanding
        
        
        


        
        

000
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

907
        


        
        

251
        


        
        

985
        


        
        

143
        


        
        
        
        


        
        

000
        


        
        

240
        


        
        

240
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Preferred stock: 25
000
000 shares authorized
 $0.001 par value none issued and outstanding
        
        
        


        
        

027
        


        
        

124)
        


        
        

903
        


        
        

143
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Class A Common stock
 $.001 par value
 75
000
000 shares authorized and 50
000
000 and 0 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2011 and 2010 respectively; Class B Common stock
 $.001 par value
 225
000
000 shares authorized 25
000
000 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2011 and 2010 respectively
        

000
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Class A Common stock
 $.001 par value
 75
000
000 shares authorized and 50
000
000 and 0 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2011 and 2010 respectively; Class B Common stock
 $.001 par value
 225
000
000 shares authorized 25
000
000 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2011 and 2010 respectively
        

000
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Class A Common stock
 $.001 par value
 75
000
000 shares authorized and 50
000
000 and 0 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2011 and 2010 respectively; Class B Common stock
 $.001 par value
 225
000
000 shares authorized 25
000
000 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2011 and 2010 respectively
        

000
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Class A Common stock
 $.001 par value
 75
000
000 shares authorized and 50
000
000 and 0 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2011 and 2010 respectively; Class B Common stock
 $.001 par value
 225
000
000 shares authorized 25
000
000 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2011 and 2010 respectively
        

000
        



          

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


Class A Common stock
 $.001 par value
 75
000
000 shares authorized and 50
000
000 and 0 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2011 and 2010 respectively; Class B Common stock
 $.001 par value
 225
000
000 shares authorized 25
000
000 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2011 and 2010 respectively
        

000
        




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 value contributed to an entity and value received from other stock related transactions. Examples of other stock related transactions include
 amongst other
 certain costs incurred in issuing equity securities
 certain dividends and certain tax-based consequences of share-based payments compensation awards. Includes only nonredeemable preferred stock transactions or transactions related to preferred stock that are redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. May be called contributed capital
 capital in excess of par
 capital surplus
 or paid-in capital.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.30(a)(1)
(2))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
 -Paragraph 8
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 represents the current portion of such liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which is the cumulative amount paid and (if applicable) the fair value of any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree
 adjusted for any amortization recognized prior to the adoption of any changes in generally accepted accounting principles (as applicable) and for any impairment charges
 in excess of the fair value of net assets acquired in one or more business combination transactions.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer).
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 as applicable)
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 if longer.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        



in accounting for income taxes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recorded based on the differences between the financial
statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities and the tax rates in effect currently.


of deferred tax assets by a valuation allowance if
 based on the weight of available evidence
 it is more likely than not that
some or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. In management&#146;s opinion
 it is uncertain the Company will generate
sufficient taxable income in the future to fully utilize the net deferred tax asset. Accordingly
 a valuation allowance equal to
the deferred tax asset has been recorded.


 we incurred
immaterial permanent differences related to incurred meals and entertainment expenses
 and no temporary differences. The following
table provides a description of the deferred tax assets on a gross and net basis using an estimated tax rate of 35%.



    
    
December 31
 2012
    
December 31
 2011

    
    
    
910
000
    
    
    
188
000
    

    
    
    
(910
000
    
    
    
(188
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Deferred tax asset
 net
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 respectively are as follows:



    
    
December 31
 2012
    
December 31
 2011

    
    
    
722
000
    
    
    
188
000
    

    
    
    
(722
000
    
    
    
(188
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



rate was 0% as compared to the statutory tax of 35% due to the on-going incurrence of operating losses.


net operating loss carry-forwards of approximately $20
000 were forfeited due to a change in control. We have total net operating
loss carryforwards of approximately $2
600
000 that begin to expire in 2026. We do not have any uncertain tax position as of and
through December 31
 2012.






        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.
              
 -Paragraph 136
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 43
 44
 45
 46
 47
 48
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        




the years ended December 31
 2012 and 2011 three customers accounted for 100% of our product sales revenue. For the year ended
December 31
 2012 Grocer&#146;s Direct generated 100% of our service revenue from three customers and we did not generate any
service revenue for the year ended December 31
 2011. Additionally
 our products and services are only available in Southern California.




line is produced
 bottled
 and packaged by one vendor. The Company has alternatives for these services
 and no firm purchase commitments
have been entered into with this vendor.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 near-term
 severe impact. This disclosure informs financial statement users about the general nature of the risk associated with the concentration
 and may indicate the percentage of concentration risk as of the balance sheet date.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 21
 22
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


into an operating lease for our corporate office. The lease commenced on April 2
 2012 and expires on September 30
 2013. The lease
calls for monthly payments of $1
391.


our office space which increased our monthly lease payments by $544 to $1
935. The expansion of our office space did not impact
the initial term of the lease.


31
 2012 we recognized $20
298 of rent expense. We did not incur any rent expense for the year ended December 31
 2011.


 2012 our remaining
obligation under this arrangement due in 2013 is approximately $18
000.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but not limited to
 all of the following: (a.) The basis on which contingent rental payments are determined
 (b.) The existence and terms of renewal or purchase options and escalation clauses
 (c.) Restrictions imposed by lease agreements
 such as those concerning dividends
 additional debt
 and further leasing.
              
 -Subparagraph (Note 1
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


that affect the reported amount of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the
financial statements and reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods.&#160;&#160;Actual results could
vary from these estimates.


        
        


consist of our legal parent
 Global Vision Holdings
 Inc. and our wholly-owned subsidiaries
 Mamma&#146;s Best
 LLC
 Strategic
Management Consultants
 and Grocers Direct. All inter-company balances and transactions have been eliminated upon consolidation.


        
        


financial institutions.&#160;&#160;Cash equivalents with maturity dates less than 90 days from the date of origination are considered
to be cash equivalents for financial reporting purposes.&#160;&#160;We currently have no cash equivalents.


        
        


are carried at cost which approximates their fair value in accordance with the fair value hierarchy as established by US GAAP.


        
        


due from our distributors. Accounts receivable are current in nature and we have not experienced any material collection issues.
Our reserve for bad debt is based on factors including current sales amounts
 historical charge-offs and specific accounts identified
as high risk. Uncollectible accounts receivable are charged against the allowance for doubtful accounts when reasonable efforts
to collect the amounts due have been exhausted.


        
        


cost or market using the first-in first-out (&#147;FIFO&#148;) method. Inventory is produced
 bottled
 and packed for shipment
by a third party manufacturer. We are not required to and have not entered into any firm purchase commitments with our manufacturer
and we order inventory on a &#147;just-in-time&#148; basis.


        
        


we recognize revenues upon delivery of our goods to a customer. This is generally the point at which title and risk of loss is
transferred
 and when payment has either been received or collection is reasonably assured. Revenues are recorded net of applicable
incentives and promotions and include all shipping and handling costs passed to customers.


based upon estimated and known returns. Product returns are recorded as a reduction of net revenues and as a reduction of the accounts
receivable balance. When all revenues are collected within the same period
 resulting in no outstanding receivables at the balance
sheet date
 the allowance is reclassified to current liabilities. Since inception
 we have had an immaterial amount of our products
returned.


we enter into agreements with our customers to provide product maximization consulting and retail in-store monitoring services
for emerging natural food brands. We recognize revenue from these arrangements on a monthly basis
 subsequent to the agreed upon
services being performed
 payment is received
 or collection is reasonably assured.


        
        


and handling costs to produce our products. We have not incurred material shipping and handling costs to date.


Selling
 General
 and Administrative Expenses
Selling
 General
 and Administrative Expenses

&#160;&#150;&#160;We
promote our products with trade promotions and other product demonstrations. These programs include in-store display incentives
and volume-based incentives. We expense advertising costs either in the period the advertising first takes place or as incurred.
Consumer incentive and trade promotion activities are recorded as a reduction to revenues. All marketing costs are recorded as
an expense in the year incurred.


        
        


annually. We assess goodwill impairment risk by first performing a qualitative review of entity-specific
 industry
 market and
general economic factors. If significant potential goodwill impairment risk exists
 we apply a two-step quantitative test. The
first step compares the estimated fair value with its carrying value. If the carrying value exceeds its fair value
 the second
step is applied to measure the difference between the carrying value and implied fair value of goodwill. If the carrying value
of goodwill exceeds its implied fair value
 the goodwill is considered impaired and reduced to its implied fair value.


        
        


linked instruments to employees and non-employees in lieu of cash for the receipt of goods and services and
 in certain circumstances
the settlement of short-term loan arrangements.


 we recognize compensation
cost based on the grant date fair value over the requisite service period.

non-employees are recognized at the fair value of our common stock on the earlier of the completion of the services or the date
a performance commitment is reached.


        
        


for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in financial statements or tax returns. Deferred tax
items are reflected at the enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected
to reverse. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts expected to be realized.
Due to the uncertainty regarding the success of future operations
 management has valued the deferred tax asset allowance at 100%
of the related deferred tax assets.


 2012 and 2011
 we did
not have any amounts recorded pertaining to uncertain tax positions. We file federal income tax returns in the United States. We
may be subject to reassessment of federal taxes for a period of three years from the date of the original notice of assessment
in respect of any particular taxation year. For U.S. income tax returns
 the open taxation years range from 2010 (year of inception)
to 2012. In certain circumstances
 the U.S. federal statute of limitations can reach beyond the standard three year period.


        
        


and is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted-average number of Class A and Class B common shares outstanding for
the period. Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if the Class A common stock is converted
to shares of Class B common in which each share of Class A common stock is convertible into two shares of Class B common stock.
For the periods presented we incurred net losses which makes the Class A conversion anti-dilutive
 and correspondingly not presented.


        
        


to the current year presentation certain amounts presented in the consolidated financial statements as of and for the period ended
December 31
 2011 have been reclassified. The reclassification did not have any impact on the previously reported financial position
results of operations
 or cash flows.


        
        


have been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern
 which contemplates the realization of assets and the liquidation
of liabilities in the normal course of business.


generating operations and have continued to incur losses since our inception in May 2010. Historically
 through the year ended
December 31
 2012
 our cash flows from operations have not been sufficient to sustain our operations without supplemental raises
of additional capital through issuances of our Class B common stock. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to
continue as a going concern and our financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from this uncertainty.


marketing plan to significantly increase our product sales and service income. This plan includes
 but is not limited to
 increasing
our product offerings
 expanding geographical reach
 and entering into other exclusive distribution agreements. Additionally
 we
will continue to supplement our operational plans via the issuance of equity and / or debt instruments. While we have been successful
at obtaining this additional funding there is no assurance these efforts or our operational plans will be successful in the future.


        
        


pronouncements that the Company expects to have a material impact on the financial position
 results of operations
 or cash flows.




        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
              
 -Paragraph 7
 8
 9
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including the principles followed in determining the inclusion or exclusion of subsidiaries or other entities in the consolidated or combined financial statements and (2) its treatment of interests (for example
 common stock
 a partnership interest or other means of exerting influence) in other entities
 for example consolidation or use of the equity or cost methods of accounting.  The accounting policy may also address the accounting treatment for intercompany accounts and transactions
 noncontrolling interest
 and the income statement treatment in consolidation for issuances of stock by a subsidiary.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 5
 6
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 14
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Section 02
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 6
 8-16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 8
 10
 12
 13
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 how reporting units are determined
 how goodwill is allocated to such units
 and how the fair values of the reporting units are determined.
              
 -Paragraph 18-23
 26
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 6-34
 43
 47
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 bases of stating inventories (for example
 lower of cost or market)
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes (for example
 FIFO
 LIFO
 or average cost)
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost. If inventory is carried at cost
 this disclosure includes the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
              
 -Subparagraph i
 -Paragraph 3
 5-10
 15
 16
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 (b) the possible effects of such conditions and events
 (c) management's evaluation of the significance of those conditions and events and any mitigating factors
 (d) possible discontinuance of operations
 (e) management's plans (including relevant prospective financial information)
 and (f) information about the recoverability or classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts or classification of liabilities. If management's plans alleviate the substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern
 disclosure of the principal conditions and events that initially raised the substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern would be expected to be considered. Disclose whether operations for the current or prior years generated sufficient cash to cover current obligations
 whether waivers were obtained from creditors relating to the company's default under the provisions of debt agreements and possible effects of such conditions and events
 such as: whether there is a possible need to obtain additional financing (debt or equity) or to liquidate certain holdings to offset future cash flow deficiencies. Disclose appropriate parent company information when parent is dependent upon remittances from subsidiaries to satisfy its obligations.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 which may be different from classifications in the prior year's financial statements. Disclose any material changes in classification including an explanation of the reason for the change and the areas impacted.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the policy for each material type of transaction is generally disclosed. If a sales transaction has multiple element arrangements (for example
 delivery of multiple products
 services or the rights to use assets) the disclosure may indicate the accounting policy for each unit of accounting as well as how units of accounting are determined and valued. The disclosure may encompass important judgment as to appropriateness of principles related to recognition of revenue. The disclosure also may indicate the entity's treatment of any unearned or deferred revenue that arises from the transaction.
              
 -Paragraph 8
 12
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 general and administrative (or similar) expense report caption.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 and the methodologies and significant assumptions used to determine that measurement.
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net realizable value)
 how the entity determines the level of its allowance for doubtful accounts
 when impairments
 charge-offs or recoveries are recognized
 and the entity's income recognition policies for such receivables
 including its treatment of related fees and costs
 its treatment of premiums
 discounts or unearned income
 when accrual of interest is discontinued
 how the entity records payments received on nonaccrual receivables and its policy for resuming accrual of interest on such receivables.  If the enterprise holds a large number of similar loans
 disclosure may include the accounting policy for the anticipation of prepayments and significant assumptions underlying prepayment estimates for amortization of premiums
 discounts
 and nonrefundable fees and costs.
              
 -Paragraph 3
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 11
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          











        
        
        


        

000

000


        

000)

000)


Deferred tax asset
 net
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Paragraph 43
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (b)
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          


          


          


          


          


          


          



Beginning Balance - Amount at Dec. 31
 2010
        

000
        
        

905)

095


Beginning Balance - Shares at Dec. 31
 2010
        

000
000
        
        
        
        


        
        
        

027
        
        

027


        
        
        

000
        
        

000


Issuance of common stock for services
 Shares

000
000
        
        
        
        
        


Issuance of common stock for services
 Amount

000
        

000
        
        

000


        
        
        
        
        

219)

219)


Ending Balance
 Amount at Dec. 31
 2011

000

000

027
        

124)

097)


Ending Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2011

000
000

000
000
        
        
        
        


Issuance of common stock for the acquisition of Mamma's Best LLC
 Shares
        

000
000
        
        
        
        


Issuance of common stock for the acquisition of Mamma's Best LLC
 Amount
        

000

000
        
        

000


Issuance of common stock for officer compensation
 Shares

000
000

000
000
        
        
        
        


Issuance of common stock for officer compensation
 Amount

000

000

509
697
        
        

569
697


Issuance of common stock for employee compensation
 Shares
        

025
000
        
        
        
        


Issuance of common stock for employee compensation
 Amount
        

025

475
        
        

500


        
        
        

175
        
        
        


        
        
        
        

084
600)
        

084
600)


        
        
        

915
        
        

915


Issuance of common stock for services
 Shares
        

000
        
        
        
        


Issuance of common stock for services
 Amount
        
        

850
        
        
        


Issuance of common stock for cash
 Shares
        

895
334
        
        
        
        


Issuance of common stock for cash
 Amount
        

895

004
        
        
        


        
        
        
        
        

066
387)

066
387)


Ending Balance
 Amount at Dec. 31
 2012

000

570

806
143

084
600)

623
511)

602


Ending Balance
 Shares at Dec. 31
 2012

000
000

570
334
        
        
        
        




        
          

        
          
            

 Amount
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 Shares
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including shares that had been issued and were previously outstanding but which are now held in the treasury.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.28
 -Paragraph 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 shares issued for services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 31
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 but is not limited to
 services contributed by vendors and founders.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 the exercise of stock options
 stock issued under employee stock purchase plans
 and/or other employee benefit plans.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















    
  
      

          

        

      






        
        


        
        


000
000
shares of Class B common stock valued at $100
000 in exchange for 100% of the 40
000
000 outstanding ownership units of Mamma&#146;s
Best
 LLC. For additional detail related to this stock issuance see Note 5 &#150; Business Acquisition.


of 20
000
000 shares of Class A common stock and 40
000
000 shares of Class B common stock to Glen W. Carnes (Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer) and Michael D. Young (former President and Chief Operating Officer) with each receiving 10
000
000 shares of
Class A common stock and 20
000
000 shares of Class B common stock for officer compensation of $2
569
697.


 31 2012
we issued an aggregate of 2
475
000 shares of Class B common stock for total cash consideration of $79
500.


 2012
we issued 50
000 shares of Class B common stock for prior services received valued at $3
500.


000 fully-vested
and forfeitable shares of Class B common stock in exchange for consulting services for a term of twenty months. The terms of the
consulting agreement did not contain significant disincentive for non-performance by the counterparty resulting in the recognition
of consulting expense on a monthly basis when the services are completed. For the year ended December 31
 2012 we recognized $97
500
of professional fees related to this consulting agreement and a prepaid expense of $135
000 as of December 31
 2012.


025
000 shares
of Class B common stock to the founders and employees of our wholly-owned subsidiary
 Mamma&#146;s Best
 for total compensation
consideration of $56
500. In addition
 the founders and employees of Mamma&#146;s Best agreed to forgive $24
175 of previously
accrued payables. We determined the forgiveness was in the nature of a capital contribution
 correspondingly we did not recognize
any additional gain or loss.


 2012
we issued an aggregate of 1
490
000 shares of Class B common stock for total cash consideration of $88
500 at prices ranging from
$0.02 to $0.10 per share.


2012 we issued an aggregate of 803
000 shares of Class B common stock for total cash consideration of $141
600 at per share prices
ranging from $0.10 to $0.60. In addition
 we received additional capital contributions of $4
915 related to the acquisitions of
Grocers Direct and Strategic Management Consultants.


2012 we issued an aggregate of 127
334 shares of Class B common stock for total cash consideration of $74
300 at per share prices
ranging from $0.53 to $0.60. In addition
 we issued 100
000 shares of Class B common stock for consulting services for total consideration
of $37
500.




and Chief Operating Officer
 we negotiated the claw-back of 35
000
000 shares of Class A common stock and 6
000
000 shares of Class
B common stock. The value of the transaction and resulting treasury stock was recognized at $1
084
600
 the lesser of the previously
recognized compensation cost and the fair value of the stock on the claw back date.





        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 if any
 including other comprehensive income (as applicable).  Including
 but not limited to: (1) balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings; (2) accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and total amount of comprehensive income; (3) amount and nature of changes in separate accounts
 including the number of shares authorized and outstanding
 number of shares issued upon exercise and conversion
 and for other comprehensive income
 the adjustments for reclassifications to net income; (4) rights and privileges of each class of stock authorized; (5) basis of treasury stock
 if other than cost
 and amounts paid and accounting treatment for treasury stock purchased significantly in excess of market; (6) dividends paid or payable per share and in the aggregate for each class of stock for each period presented; (7) dividend restrictions and accumulated preferred dividends in arrears (in aggregate and per share amount); (8) retained earnings appropriations or restrictions
 such as dividend restrictions; (9) impact of change in accounting principle
 initial adoption of new accounting principle and correction of an error in previously issued financial statements; (10) shares held in trust for Employee Stock Ownership Plan (ESOP); (11) deferred compensation related to issuance of capital stock; (12) note received for issuance of stock; (13) unamortized discount on shares; (14) description
 terms
 and number of warrants or rights outstanding; (15) shares under subscription and subscription receivables
 effective date of new retained earnings after quasi-reorganization and deficit eliminated by quasi-reorganization and
 for a period of at least ten years after the effective date
 the point in time from which the new retained dates; and (16) retroactive effective of subsequent change in capital structure.
              
 -Paragraph 29
 30
 -Paragraph 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 2
 3
 4
 5
 6
 7
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(d)
(e))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    





















  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    



  
  













    
  
      

          

        

      










        
        
        


        

977
        


        

474
        


        

353
        


        
        
        


        

708
129

000


        

957
        


        

316

426


        

938

793


        

156
340

219


        

150
987)

219)


        

066
387)

219)



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        

000


        
        
        


        
        

426


        
        

793


        
        

219


        
        

219)


        
        

219)



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        

769


        
        

298


        
        

471


        
        
        


        
        
        


        
        

581


        
        
        


        
        

114


        
        

695


        
        

224)


        
        

224)



          

        
        


        
        
        


        
        

769


        
        

298


        
        

471


        
        
        


        
        

000


        
        

581


        
        

426


        
        

907


        
        

914


        
        

443)


        
        

443)




        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 including affiliates of the reporting entity
 which are not directly or indirectly associated with the manufacture
 sale or creation of a product or product line.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.
              
 -Paragraph 10
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -Paragraph 28
 29
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 -LegacyDoc This reference is SUPERSEDED by the Accounting Standards Codification effective for interim and annual periods ending after September 15
 2009.  This reference is included to help users transition from the previous accounting hierarchy and will be removed from future versions of this taxonomy.
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 pension and post-retirement benefit expense or other labor-related non-salary expense. For commercial and industrial companies
 excludes any direct and overhead labor that is included in cost of goods sold.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 General and Administrative Expense.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
              
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            

 in the normal course of business
 reduced by sales returns and allowances
 and sales discounts.
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    








        
          

        
          
            
                
              
                
              

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    

                  
                    
                    













