

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001010549-19-000083
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		14
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20181231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20190419
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20190418
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GREENWAY TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001572386
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS FOOD PREPARATIONS & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2090]
		IRS NUMBER:				900893594
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55030
		FILM NUMBER:		19756821
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1521 NORTH COOPER STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 205
		CITY:			ARLINGTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76011
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800 289 2515
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1521 NORTH COOPER STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 205
		CITY:			ARLINGTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76011
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UMED HOLDINGS
 INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130318












WASHINGTON
 D.C. 20549




    
    
    


31
 2018.

TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934



GREENWAY TECHNOLOGIES
 INC.


        
        

    
    

    
    

    
    


        
        1521 North Cooper Street
 Suite 205
Arlington
 Texas
        (Address of principal executive offices)
    




        

 including
        area code)

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share

    
    

    
    
    


is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [ ] No [X]

is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [ ] No [X]

(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirement for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [ ]

has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [ ]

    
    




of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&sect;229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein
 and will not
be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ]

is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act:


    
    

    
    


is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12(b)-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [ ] No [X]

value of the registrant&rsquo;s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on December 31
 2018 reported on the OTCQB
operated by The OTC Markets Group
 Inc. on that date was approximately $ $9
063
784. Common stock held by each officer and director
and by each person known to the registrant to own five percent or more of the outstanding common stock has been excluded in that
those persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination
for other purposes.

of shares outstanding of each of the registrant&rsquo;s classes of common stock
 as of the latest practicable date. At April 15
2019
 the registrant had outstanding 287
471
582 shares of its Class A common stock and 0 shares of Class B common stock.


    
    





    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
        
        
    

&nbsp;Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and&nbsp;Issuer Purchases

    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
        
        
    

    
    

Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
    

    
    

    

    

    
    

    
        
        
    

    
    

    
    



    
    

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING
STATEMENTS

Form 10-K contains &ldquo;forward-looking statements
&rdquo; all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking
statements can be identified by the use of words such as &ldquo;expects
&rdquo; &ldquo;plans
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;forecasts
&rdquo;
&ldquo;projects
&rdquo; &ldquo;intends
&rdquo; &ldquo;estimates
&rdquo; and other words of similar meaning. One can identify them
by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. These statements are likely to address our growth
strategy and financial results. One must carefully consider any such statement and should understand that many factors could cause
actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements. These factors may include inaccurate assumptions and a broad variety
of other risks and uncertainties
 including some that are known and some that are not. No forward-looking statement can be guaranteed
and actual future results may vary materially.

statistics contained in this Report is included based on information available to us that we believe is accurate. It is generally
based on industry and other publications that are not produced for purposes of SEC filings or economic analysis. We have not reviewed
or included data from all sources and cannot assure investors of the accuracy or completeness of the data included in this Report.
Forecasts and other forward-looking information obtained from these sources are subject to the same qualifications and the additional
uncertainties accompanying any estimates of future market size
 revenue and market acceptance of our services. We do not assume
any obligation to update any forward-looking statement. As a result
 investors should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements.

 &ldquo;we
&rdquo;
&ldquo;our
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; and similar terms in this report
 including references to &ldquo;UMED&rdquo;
and &ldquo;Greenway&rdquo; all refer to Greenway Technologies
 Inc.
 and our wholly-owned subsidiary
 Greenway Innovative Energy
Inc.
 unless the context requires otherwise.



    
    
    



Greenway
Technologies
 Inc.
 through its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc.
 is primarily engaged in the research
development and commercialization of a proprietary Gas-to-Liquids (GTL) syngas conversion system that can be economically scaled
to meet individual natural gas field/resource requirements. The Company's proprietary and patented technology has now been realized
in Greenway's recently completed first generation commercial-scale G-Reformer

 a unique and critical component to the Company's overall GTL technology solution. Greenway's
objective is to become a material direct and licensed producer of renewable GTL synthesized diesel and jet fuels
 with a near term
focus on U.S. market opportunities.&nbsp;


August 2012
 Greenway Technologies acquired 100% of Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc. (&ldquo;GIE&rdquo;) which owns patents and
trade secrets for a proprietary technology to convert natural gas into synthesis gas (&ldquo;syngas&rdquo;). Based on a new
 breakthrough
process called Fractional Thermal Oxidation&trade; (&ldquo;FTO&rdquo;)
 the Company believes that GIE&rsquo;s G-Reformer
 combined
with conventional Fischer-Tropsch (&ldquo;FT&rdquo;) processes
 offers an economical and scalable method to converting natural
gas to liquid fuel. On February 15
 2013
 GIE filed for its first patent on its GTL technology. U.S. Patent number 8
574
501 was
issued on November 5
 2013. On November 4
 2013
 GIE filed for a second patent covering other unique aspects of the design. The
Company has identified several other areas in its technology to file for patent protection and such efforts are ongoing.

 2017
Greenway
 in conjunction with the University of Texas at Arlington (&ldquo;UTA&rdquo;)
 announced that they had successfully demonstrated
Greenway&rsquo;s GTL technology at the Company sponsored Conrad Greer Laboratory at UTA
 proving the viability of the science behind
the technology.

 2018
the Company announced the completion of its first commercial scale G-Reformer. The G-Reformer is the critical component of the
Company&rsquo;s innovative Greer-Wright Gas-to-Liquids system. A team consisting of individuals from the Company
 UTA and the Company&rsquo;s
contracted fabricator worked together to test and calibrate the newly-built G-Reformer unit. The testing substantiated the units&rsquo;
synthesis gas generation capability and demonstrated additional proficiencies within certain prior prescribed testing metrics.

    
    


that its proprietary G-Reformer is a major innovation in gas reforming and GTL technology in general. Initial tests have demonstrated
that the Company&rsquo;s solution is superior to legacy technologies which are costly
 have a larger footprint and cannot be easily
deployed at field sites to process associated gas
 stranded gas
 coal-bed methane
 vented gas
 or flared gas
 all markets the Company
seeks to service. The proprietary technology based around the G-Reformer is unique in that it also allows for transportable GTL
plants with a much smaller footprint when compared to legacy large-scale technologies. The Company believes its technologies and
processes will allow for GTL plants to be built with substantially lower up-front and ongoing costs resulting in more profitable
results for O&amp;G operators. Greenway is now working to commercialize both its G-Reformer and its GTL solutions and is in discussions
with a number of oil and gas companies
 smaller oil and gas operators and other interested parties to license and obtain joint
venture or other forms of capital funding to build its first complete gas-to-liquid plant.


converts natural gas &ndash; the cleanest-burning fossil fuel &ndash; into high-quality liquid products that would otherwise be
made from crude oil. These products include transport fuels
 motor oils and the ingredients for everyday necessities like plastics
detergents and cosmetics. GTL products are colorless and odorless. They contain almost none of the impurities
 e.g.
 sulphur
 aromatics
and nitrogen
 that are found in crude oil.

to industry research
 the market for GTL products accounted for $10.98 billion in 2017 and is expected to reach $22.89 billion
by 2026
 growing at a CAGR of 8.5%. Products created by this process include GTL Diesel
 GTL Naphtha
 GTL Other (e.g.
 lubricants)
where GTL Diesel accounts for more than 68% of the market. Market share of these products has not changed significantly over the
last four years. Increasing population across the globe have led to the increase in the power consumption. There is a high demand
for clean natural gas liquids products (&ldquo;NGL&rdquo;) in the commercial sector
 including as blend-stock for petrochemical
plants and refineries
 as well as in the automobile and packaging industries
 among others. Due to their clean nature
 NGL products
have wide use as fuel in motor vehicles
 furnaces for heating and cooking
 and as a household energy source. Greenway&rsquo;s focus
is in the production of high cetane diesel and Jet A fuels
 a multi-billion-dollar market segment.

of stringent environmental regulations by numerous governments to control pollution and promote cleaner fuel sources is expected
to complement industry growth. U.S. guidelines implemented such as the Petroleum and Natural Gas Regulatory Board Act
 2006
 Oilfields
(Regulation and Development) Act of 1948
 and Oil Industry (Development) Act
 1974 are likely to continue to encourage GTL applications
in diverse end-use industries to conserve natural gas and other resources.

industry players include: Linc Energy; Gas Techno; Compact GTL; Primus Green Energy; Chevron Corporation; Velocys; Royal Dutch
Shell; Sasol Limited; NRG Energy; Ventech Engineers and Petrobras. In terms of production and consumption
 Shell had the largest
market share in 2018
 virtually all of which is located overseas.


UMED acquired the rights to approximately 1
440 acres of placer mining claims located on Bureau of Land Management (&ldquo;BLM&rdquo;)
land in Mohave County
 Arizona for 5
066
000 shares of restricted Common A stock. Early indications
 from samples taken and processed
provided reason to believe that the potential recovery value of the metals located on the 1
440 acres is significant
 but only
actual mining and processing will determine the ultimate value which may be realized from this property holding. The Company is
currently exploring strategic options to partner or sell its interest in this acreage
 while it focuses on its emerging GTL technology
sales and marketing efforts.


Technologies
 Inc. was originally incorporated as Dynalyst Manufacturing Corporation (&ldquo;Dynalyst&rdquo;) under the laws of
the State of Texas on March 13
 2002.&nbsp;In connection with the merger with Universal Media Corporation (&ldquo;UMC&rdquo;)
a Nevada corporation
 on August 17
 2009
 the Company changed its name to Universal Media Corporation. The transaction was accounted
for as a reverse merger
 and Universal Media Corporation was the acquiring company on the basis that Universal Media Corporation&rsquo;s
senior management became the entire senior management of the merged entity and there was a change of control of Dynalyst. The transaction
was accounted for as recapitalization of Dynalyst&rsquo;s capital structure. In connection with the merger


    
    


500
000
restricted common shares to the shareholders of Universal Media Corporation for 100% of Universal Media Corporation.

August 18
 2009
 Dynalyst approved the amendment of its articles of incorporation and filed with the Texas Secretary of State an
amendment to change its name to Universal Media Corporation and approved the increase in authorized shares to 300
000
000 shares
of common A stock
 par value $0.0001 and 20
000
000 shares of common B
 par value $0.0001.

March 23
 2011
 Universal Media Corporation approved the amendment of its articles of incorporation and filed with the Texas Secretary
of State an amendment to change our name to UMED Holdings
 Inc.

June 22
 2017
 Greenway Technologies
 Inc.in recognition of its primary operational activity
 approved the amendment of its certificate
of formation and filed on June 23
 2017
 with the Texas Secretary of State to change its name to: Greenway Technologies
 Inc.


of April 15
 2019
 we have 5 full-time employees. Four of these employees are located in
 or near our corporate offices in Arlington
Texas; one is located in North Carolina
 but travels extensively on Company business. None of our employees are covered by collective
bargaining agreements. We consider our employee relations to be satisfactory.


accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis
 which contemplates realization
of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. As of December 31
 2018
 the Company has an accumulated
deficit of $26
818
584. During the twelve-months ended December 31
 2018
 the Company used net cash of $1
289
436 for operating
activities. As a pre-revenue entity
 these factors raise substantial doubt about the Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going
concern. While the Company is attempting to commence revenue generating operations and thereby generate sustainable revenues
 the
Company&rsquo;s current cash position is not sufficient to support its daily operations.

ability of the Company to continue as a going concern is therefore in doubt and dependent upon achieving a profitable level of
operations or on the ability of the Company to obtain necessary financing to fund ongoing operations. Management intends to raise
additional funds by way of public or private offerings
 or both. Management believes that the actions presently being taken to
implement the Company&rsquo;s business plan and generate revenues will provide the opportunity for the Company to continue as a
going concern. While Management believes in the viability of its strategy to generate revenues and in its ability to raise additional
funds
 there can be no assurances to that effect. The Company&rsquo;s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon
our ability to further implement our business plan and generate revenues.


We
may not be able to raise the additional capital necessary to execute our business strategy which includes the production
 sale
and/or licensing of our proprietary GTL technology solutions to oil and gas operators in the United States and elsewhere. 

ability to successfully execute such transactions may depend on our ability to raise additional debt and/or equity capital. Our
ability to raise additional capital is uncertain and dependent upon numerous factors beyond our control
 including but not limited
to economic conditions
 regulatory factors
 reduced retail sales
 increased taxation
 reductions in consumer confidence
 changes
in levels of consumer spending
 changes in preferences in how consumers pay for goods and services
 weak housing markets and availability
or lack of availability of credit. If we are unable to obtain additional capital
 or if the terms thereof are too costly
 we may
be unable to successfully execute our business strategy.

    
    

Our limited operating history
may not serve as an adequate basis to judge our future prospects and results of operations.

stage company and have a limited operating history upon which you can evaluate our business and prospects. We have yet to develop
sufficient experience regarding actual revenues to be received from our GTL Technology. You must consider the risks and uncertainties
frequently encountered by early stage companies in new and evolving markets. If we are unsuccessful in addressing these risks and
uncertainties
 our business
 results of operations and financial condition will be materially and adversely affected. The risks
and difficulties we face include challenges in accurate financial planning as a result of limited historical data and the uncertainties
resulting from having had a relatively limited time period in which to implement and evaluate our business strategies as compared
to older companies with longer operating histories.
We have historically
incurred losses.

or development stage company. We have incurred significant operating losses since inception. Due to the inherent risk of commercializing
new technology
 there can be no assurance that the Company will earn net income in the future and it may require additional capital
in order to fund its operations
 which it may not be able to source on acceptable terms.&nbsp;
Establishing our revenues and achieving profitability
will depend on our ability to develop and commercialize our GTL Technology.

to establish revenues and to achieve profitability and positive cash flows from operations will depend on the successful introduction
of our GTL technology. Our prospective customers will not use our GTL technology unless they determine that the benefits provided
by our GTL solution is greater than those available from competing technologies and providers. Even if the advantages derived from
our proprietary GTL technology is well established
 prospective customers may elect not to use our GTL technology for a variety
of reasons.

to undertake time-consuming and costly additional development activities and seek regulatory clearance or approval for new GTL
technology. The completion of the development and commercialization of our GTL technology remains subject to all the risks associated
with the commercialization of any GTL systems based on innovative technologies
 including unanticipated technical or other problems
manufacturing difficulties and the possible insufficiency of the funds allocated for the completion of such development.
We may encounter substantial competition in our business
and failure to compete effectively may adversely affect our ability to generate revenue.

will be required to continue to invest in product development and productivity improvements to compete effectively in our markets.
Our competitors could potentially develop a similar or more efficient GTL product or undertake more aggressive and costly marketing
campaigns than ours
 which may adversely affect our sales and marketing strategies and could have a material adverse effect on
our business
 results of operations and financial condition. Important factors affecting our ability to compete successfully include:


    
    
    




    
    
rapid and effective development of new
 unique GTL techniques; and




    
    
    


enter our targeted markets
 we may be unable to compete successfully against such existing or new competition. Most of our potential
competitors have far greater resources than the Company today. In addition
 there is significant competition for experienced personnel
and financial capital in the oil and gas industry. Therefore
 it can be difficult for smaller companies such as Greenway to attract
the personnel and related investment for its various business activities needed to succeed. We cannot give any assurances that
we will be able to successfully compete for such personnel and capital funds
 and without adequate financial resources
 Management
cannot assure that we will be able to compete in our business activities.

    
    

The longevity of patents
in the United Sates is limited in duration and may affect the Company&rsquo;s long-term ability to successfully monetize the intellectual
property it owns.

2018
 the Company owns United States Patents Nos. 8
574
501 B1 and 8
795
597 B2 covering its mobile GTL conversion technology for
the purpose of converting natural gas to clean synthetic fuels. In the United States
 a patent&rsquo;s term may be up to 21 years
if the earliest claimed filing date is that of a provisional application. Other legal provisions may
 however
 shorten or lengthen
a patent&rsquo;s term. In the United States
 a patent&rsquo;s term may
 in certain cases
 be lengthened by patent term adjustment
which compensates a patentee for administrative delays by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office in examining and granting a patent.
Alternatively
 a patent&rsquo;s term may be shortened if a patent is terminally disclaimed over a commonly owned patent or a patent
naming a common inventor and having an earlier expiration date.
We are dependent on a limited number
of key executives
 consultants and equipment fabricators
 the loss of any of which could negatively impact our business.

business is led by our President
 John Olynick
 and our Chief Financial Officer
 Ransom Jones. Our engineering efforts are led
by Thomas Phillips. In addition
 we plan to continue to use outside consultants to support and perform the engineering and production
work on our GTL technology. In that regard we have a Sponsored Research Agreement with UTA and have contracted manufacturing production
with a heavy equipment fabricator in Texas.

one or more of our senior executives or other key personnel are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions
 we
may not be able to replace them easily or at all
 and our business may be disrupted
 and our financial condition and results of
operations may be materially and adversely affected. Competition for senior management and senior personnel in our industry is
intense
 the pool of qualified candidates is limited
 and we may not be able to retain the services of our senior executives or
senior personnel or attract and retain high-quality senior executives or senior personnel in the future. Such failure could materially
and adversely affect our future growth and financial condition
 and the loss of one or more of these executives
 consultants or
current fabricators could negatively impact our business and operations.
Our quarterly results
may fluctuate substantially and if we fail to meet the expectations of our investors or analysts
 our stock price could decline
substantially.

quarterly operating results may fluctuate
 and if we fail to meet or exceed the expectations of securities analysts or investors
the trading price of our common stock could decline. Some of the important factors that could cause our revenue and operating results
to fluctuate from quarter to quarter include:

we are a small company with limited operating history; &#9; &#9;




our ability to attract new customers and satisfy our customers&rsquo;
requirements; &#9; 











extraordinary expenses such as litigation or other dispute-related
settlement payments. 
We may have difficulty in attracting
and retaining outside independent directors to our board of directors as a result of their concerns relating to potentially increased
personal exposure to lawsuits and shareholder claims by virtue of holding these positions.

management of companies are increasingly concerned with the extent of their personal exposure to lawsuits and shareholder claims
as well as governmental and creditor claims which may be made

    
    


 particularly in view of
recent changes in securities laws imposing additional duties
 obligations and liabilities on management and directors. Due to these
perceived risks
 directors and management are also becoming increasingly concerned with the availability of directors&rsquo; and
officers&rsquo; liability insurance to pay on a timely basis the costs incurred in defending such claims. We currently carry directors&rsquo;
and officers&rsquo; liability insurance. Directors&rsquo; and Officers&rsquo; liability insurance has recently become much more
expensive and difficult to obtain. If we are unable to continue or provide liability insurance at affordable rates or at all
 it
may become increasingly more difficult to attract and retain qualified outside directors to serve on our board of directors.

independent board members and management candidates to other companies that have greater directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo; liability
insurance to insure them from liability or to companies that have revenues or have received greater funding to date which can offer
more lucrative compensation packages. The fees of directors are also rising in response to their increased duties
 obligations
and liabilities as well as increased exposure to such risks. As a company with limited operating history and resources
 we will
have a more difficult time attracting and retaining management and outside independent directors than a more established company
due to these enhanced duties
 obligations and liabilities.
Our future success relies upon our proprietary GTL
Technology. We may not have the resources to enforce our proprietary rights through litigation or otherwise. The loss of exclusive
right to our GTL Technology could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

our GTL technology does not infringe upon the valid proprietary intellectual property rights of others. Even so
 third-parties
may still assert infringement claims against us. If infringement claims are brought against us
 we may not have the financial resources
to defend against such claims or prevent an adverse judgment against us. In the event of an unfavorable ruling on any such claim
a license or similar agreement to utilize the intellectual property rights in question relied upon by us in the conduct of our
business may not be available to us on reasonable terms
 if terms are offered at all.
Our ability to obtain field related operating hazards
insurance may be constrained by our limited operational history.

gas business involves a variety of operating risks
 including the risk of fire
 explosions
 blow-outs
 pipe failure
 abnormally
pressured formations and environmental hazards such as oil spills
 natural gas leaks
 ruptures or discharges of toxic gases. If
any of these should occur
 we could incur legal defense costs and could suffer substantial losses due to injury or loss of life
severe damage to or destruction of property
 natural resources and equipment
 pollution or other environmental damage
 clean-up
responsibilities
 regulatory investigation and penalties
 and suspension of operations. We plan to carry comprehensive general
liability insurance will further provide workers&rsquo; compensation insurance coverage to employees in all states in which we
will operate.

are customary in the industry
 they do not provide complete coverage against all operating risks
 and as a small operator
 we may
not be able to obtain sufficient coverage. In addition
 our insurance may not cover penalties or fines that may be assessed by
a governmental authority. A loss not fully covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our financial position
results of operations and cash flows. Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover every claim made against us or may
not be commercially available for purchase in the future.&nbsp;
Our future revenues are unpredictable
 and our quarterly
operating results may fluctuate significantly.

operating history and cannot forecast with any degree of certainty whether our GTL technology will generate revenue
 or that the
amount of revenue to be generated will be profitable. In addition
 we cannot predict the consistency of our quarterly operating
results. Factors which may cause our operating results to fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter include:


    
    
Our
    ability to attract new and repeat customers;




    
    
    



    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    

Our GTL Technology is subject to the changing of applicable
U.S. laws and regulations.

particularly subject to federal and state laws and regulations with respect to the oil and gas and mining industries. Our success
depends in part on our ability to anticipate and respond to these changes
 and we may not respond in a timely or commercially appropriate
manner to such changes.
Acts of terrorism
 responses to acts of terrorism and
acts of war may impact our business and our ability to raise capital.

or terrorism
 national or international responses to such acts
 and measures taken to prevent such acts may harm our ability to
raise capital or our ability to operate
 especially to the extent we depend upon activities conducted in foreign countries. In
addition
 the threat of future terrorist acts or acts of war may have effects on the general economy or on our business that are
difficult to predict. We are not insured against damage or interruption of our business caused by terrorist acts or acts of war.


the establishment of strategic partnerships and customer relationships will greatly benefit the growth of our business
 and the
deployment of our GTL technology
 and we intend to seek out and enter into strategic alliances
 joint ventures and similar production
relationships. We may not be able to enter into these strategic partnerships on commercially reasonable terms
 or at all. Even
if we enter such relationships
 our partners may not have sufficient production to provide profitable revenues or otherwise prove
advantageous to our business. Our inability to enter into such new relationships or strategic alliances could have a material and
adverse effect on our business.


although we still own mining properties
 we do not currently conduct any mining operations. However
 there are still risks associated
with our mining properties
 including those risks described below.
Our mining properties do not have quantified known
reserves.

in which we have an interest have any known reserves. To date
 we have engaged in only limited preliminary exploration and assay
activities on the leased properties. Accordingly
 we do not have sufficient information upon which to assess the ultimate success
of our exploration efforts.
There are uncertainties as to
title matters in the mining industry. Any defects in such title could cause us to lose our rights in mineral properties and jeopardize
our business operations.

consist of claims to mineral rights on Bureau of Land Management (&ldquo;BLM&rdquo;)
 a department of the United States Government.
Our mining properties in the United States are mining claims located on lands administered by the U.S. Bureau of Land Management
(&ldquo;BLM&rdquo;)
 to which we have only mining rights to recover minerals. The mining claims are renewable annual and if not
paid
 revert back to the BLM. These uncertainties relate to such things as sufficiency of mineral discovery
 proper location and
posting and marking of boundaries
 and possible conflicts with other claims not determinable from descriptions of record. We believe
a substantial portion of all mineral exploration
 development and mining in the United States now occurs on unpatented mining claims
and this uncertainty is inherent in the mining industry.

of our mining claims located on BLM lands allows us the right to mine and remove valuable minerals
 such as precious and base metals
from the claims conditioned upon applicable environmental reviews and permitting programs. We also are generally allowed to use
the surface of the land solely for purposes

    
    


mineral-bearing ores. However
 legal ownership of the land remains with the United States. We remain at risk that the mining claims
may be forfeited either to the United States due to failure to comply with statutory requirements. Prior to 1994
 a mining claim
locator who was able to prove the discovery of valuable
 locatable minerals on a mining claim
 and to meet all other applicable
federal and state requirements and procedures pertaining to the location and maintenance of federal unpatented mining claims
 had
the right to prosecute a patent application to secure fee title to the mining claim from the Federal government. The right to pursue
a patent
 however
 has been subject to a moratorium since October 1994
 through federal legislation restricting the BLM from accepting
any new mineral patent applications. There may be challenges to title to the mineral properties in which we hold a material interest.
If there are title defects with respect to any properties
 we might be required to compensate other persons or perhaps reduce our
interest in the affected property. Also
 in any such case
 the investigation and resolution of title issues would divert our management&rsquo;s
time from ongoing production
 exploration and development programs.
We are required to share our profits
derived from properties in which we do not own 100% fee title.

law
 we are required to pay the BLM ten percent (10%) of any revenues derived from sales of minerals from the leased property.

We may need to raise additional capital. If we are unable
to raise additional capital
 our business may fail
 or our operating results and our share price may be materially adversely affected.


no record of profitable operations
 we need to secure adequate funding on an ongoing basis. If we are unable to obtain adequate
funding
 we may not be able to successfully develop and market our GTL Technology and our business will most likely fail. We have
limited commitments for financing. To secure additional financing
 we may need to borrow money or sell more securities
 which may
reduce the value of our outstanding securities. We may be unable to secure additional financing on favorable terms
 or at all.

shares
 either privately or publicly
 would dilute the equity interests of our shareholders. If we borrow money
 we will have to
pay interest and may also have to agree to restrictions that limit our operating flexibility. If we are unable to obtain adequate
financing
 we may have to curtail business operations
 which would have a material negative effect on operating results and most
likely result in a lower share price.
Issuance of additional common
stock in exchange for services or to repay debt would dilute a shareholder&rsquo;s proportionate ownership and voting rights and
could have a negative impact on the market price of our common stock.

may generally issue shares of common stock to pay for debt or services rendered
 without further approval by our shareholders based
upon such factors as our board of directors may deem relevant in their sole discretion. It is likely that that the Company will
issue additional securities to pay for services and reduce debt in the future.&nbsp;
Even though our shares are publicly traded
 an investor&rsquo;s
shares may not be &ldquo;free-trading.&rdquo;

understand that their shares of our common stock are not &ldquo;free-trading&rdquo; merely because Greenway is a publicly-traded
company. In order for the shares to become &ldquo;free-trading
&rdquo; the shares must be registered
 or entitled to an exemption
from registration under applicable law.
An investor may be unable to sell
his common stock at or above his purchase price
 which may result in substantial losses to the investor.

may add to the volatility in the price of our common stock: actual or anticipated variations in our quarterly or annual operating
results; government regulations
 announcements of significant acquisitions
 strategic partnerships or joint ventures; our capital
commitments; and additions or departures of our key personnel. Many of these factors are beyond our control and may decrease the
market price of our common stock
 regardless of our operating performance. We cannot make any predictions or projections as to
what the prevailing market price for our common stock will be at any time
 including as to whether our common stock will

    
    


 or
as to what effect the sale of shares or the availability of common stock for sale at any time will have on the prevailing market
price.
If we fail to remain current in our reporting requirements
we could be removed from the OTCQB
 which would limit the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and the ability of shareholders
to sell their securities in the secondary market.

on the OTCQB must be reporting issuers under Section 12 of the Exchange Act and must be current in their reports under Section
13 of the Exchange Act
 in order to maintain price quotation privileges on the OTCQB. If we fail to remain current in our reporting
requirements
 we could be removed from the OTCQB.
Volatility in our share price may subject the Company
to securities litigation.

market for our shares. The market for our shares is characterized by significant price volatility when compared to seasoned issuers
and we expect that our share prices will be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future. In the past
 plaintiffs
have often initiated securities class action litigation against a company following periods of volatility in the market price of
its securities. We may in the future be the target of similar litigation. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs
and liabilities and could divert management&rsquo;s attention and resources.
We do not intend
to pay dividends.

any cash dividends on our common stock since our inception and we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable
future. Earnings
 if any
 that we may realize will be retained in the business for further development and expansion. Our ability
to pay dividends may be restricted under our Loan Agreement.
Our substantial level of indebtedness
could adversely affect our financial condition.

have a substantial amount of indebtedness
 which requires significant interest payments. As of December 31
 2018
 we had $3
625
214
of accrued liabilities and $1
139
536 of debt bearing average cash interest of 14.4% per year when current
 and 18% default interest
if certain loans are not current. As of the date of this report
 the Company is currently in default of certain loans and therefore
has $1
139
536 of current debt bearing an average cash interest of 18% per year.

have important consequences
 including the following:&nbsp;


    
    
We must use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to pay interest
 which reduces funds available to us for other purposes
 such as working capital
 capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes;

    
    
our ability to refinance such indebtedness or to obtain additional financing for working capital
 capital expenditures
 acquisitions or general corporate purposes may be impacted; and

    
    
our leverage may be greater than that of some of our competitors
 which may put us at a competitive disadvantage and reduce our flexibility in responding to current and changing industry and financial market conditions.


ability to meet expenses and to make future principal and interest payments in respect of our debt
 depends on
 among other things
our future operating performance
 competitive developments and financial market conditions
 all of which are significantly affected
by financial
 business
 economic and other factors. We are not able to control many of these factors. If industry and economic
conditions deteriorate
 our cash flow may not be sufficient to allow us to pay principal and interest on our debt and meet our
other obligations.
Future sales of large amounts of our
common stock could have a negative impact on our stock price.

    
    


stockholders pursuant to an effective registration statement covering the resale of such shares or Rule 144 could adversely affect
the market price of our common stock and could materially impair our future ability to generate funds through sales of our equity
securities.
Our common stock is subject to
the &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo; rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission
 and the trading market in our common stock will
be limited
 which would make transactions in our stock cumbersome and may reduce the investment value of our stock.

stock&rdquo; generally refers to a security issued by a smaller reporting company that trades at less than $5.00 per share. Penny
stocks are generally quoted over-the-counter
 such as on the OTCPK or OTCQB which are owned by OTC Markets Group
 Inc. (our shares
are traded on the OTCQB); penny stocks may
 however
 also trade on securities exchanges
 including foreign securities exchanges.
In addition
 the definition of penny stock can include the securities of certain private companies with no active trading market.

trade infrequently
 which means that it may be difficult to sell penny stock shares once you own them. Moreover
 because it may
be difficult to find quotations for certain penny stocks
 they may be difficult
 or even impossible
 to accurately price. For these
and other reasons
 penny stocks are generally considered speculative investments. Consequently
 investors in penny stocks should
be prepared for the possibility that they may lose their whole investment (or an amount in excess of their investment if they purchased
penny stocks on margin).

nature of penny stocks
 Congress prohibited broker-dealers from effecting transactions in penny stocks unless they comply with
the requirements of Section 15(h) of the Exchange Act and the rules thereunder. These SEC rules provide
 among other things
 that
a broker-dealer must (1) approve the customer for the specific penny stock transaction and receive from the customer a written
agreement to the transaction; (2) furnish the customer a disclosure document describing the risks of investing in penny stocks;
(3) disclose to the customer the current market quotation
 if any
 for the penny stock; and (4) disclose to the customer the amount
of compensation the firm and its broker will receive for the trade. In addition
 after executing the sale
 a broker-dealer must
send to its customer monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account.
The market for penny stocks has suffered in recent
years from patterns of fraud and abuse.

be aware that
 according to SEC Release No. 34-29093
 the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of
fraud and abuse. Such patterns include:


    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
The wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices have been manipulated to a desired level
 along with the resulting inevitable collapse of those prices and with consequential investor losses.


of the abuses that have occurred historically in the penny stock market. Although we do not expect to be in a position to dictate
the behavior of the market or of broker-dealers who participate in the market
 the Company&rsquo;s management will strive to prevent
the described patterns from being established with respect to our securities. The occurrence of these patterns or practices could
increase the volatility of our share price.
Failure to maintain
effective internal controls in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could have a material adverse effect on our
business and stock price.

    
    


404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires us to evaluate annually the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting
as of the end of each fiscal year and to include a management report assessing the effectiveness of our internal controls over
financial reporting in our annual report. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls
 we may not be able to ensure
that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

to dedicate resources and management time to ensuring that we have effective controls over financial reporting
 failure to achieve
and maintain an effective internal control environment could have a material adverse effect on the market&rsquo;s perception of
our business and our stock price.


    
    
    




    
    
    


St.
 Suite 205
 Arlington
 Texas 76011
 leased at a rate of $957 per month. We believe these facilities are adequate for at least
the next 12 months. We expect that we could locate to other suitable facilities at comparable rates
 should we need more space.

staked 72 placer mining claims in Mohave County
 Arizona on BLM land (BLM file no. AMC 403533) covering approximately 1
440 acres
in Mohave County southeast of Kingman
 Arizona. A description of our mining properties is included in &ldquo;Item 1. Business&rdquo;
and is incorporated herein by reference. We believe that we have satisfactory title to our mining properties
 subject to liens
for taxes not yet payable
 liens incident to minor encumbrances
 liens for credit arrangements and easements and restrictions that
do not materially detract from the value of these properties
 our interests in these properties
 or the use of these properties
in a business. We believe that the mining properties are adequate and suitable for the conduct of a mining business in the future.

claim is one which the federal government has passed title to the claimant
 making the claimant the owner of the surface and mineral
rights. An unpatented mining claim is one which is still owned by the federal government
 but which the claimant has a right to
possession to extracted minerals
 provided the land is open to mineral entry.


    
    
    



a co-defendant in an action brought against the Company and Mamaki Tea
 Inc.
 alleging
 among other things
 that the Company was
named as a co-guarantor on an $850
000 foreclosed note. On April 22
 2016
 Greenway Technologies filed suit under Cause No. DC-16-004718
in the 193rd District Court
 Dallas County
 Texas against Mamaki of Hawaii
 Inc. (&ldquo;Mamaki&rdquo;)
 Hawaiian Beverages
 Inc.(&ldquo;HBI&rdquo;)
Curtis Borman and Lee Jenison for breach of a Stock Purchase Agreement dated October 29
 2015
 wherein the Company sold its shares
in Mamaki to HBI for $700
000 (along with the assumption of certain debt). The Company maintained its guaranty on the original
loan as a component of the sale transaction. The Defendants failed to make payments of $150
000 each on November 30
 2015
 December
28
 2015 and January 27
 2016. On January 13
 2017
 the parties executed a Settlement and Mutual Release Agreement (Agreement).
However
 the Defendants again defaulted in their payment obligations under this new Agreement. Curtis Borman and Lee Jennison were
co-guarantors of the obligations of Mamaki and HBI. To secure their guaranties
 each of Curtis Borman and Lee Jennsion posted 1
241
500
and 1
000
000 shares
 respectively
 of the Company. Under the Agreement
 the shares were valued at $.20. Due to the default under
the Agreement
 these shares were returned to the Company&rsquo;s treasury shares. Curtis Borman subsequently filed for bankruptcy
and the property was liquidated for $600
000
 applied against the prior loan amount
 leaving a remaining guaranteed loan payment
balance of approximately $700
000
 including accrued interest and legal fees. The Company is currently in negotiations with the
note holders and anticipates a positive resolution.


 2018
 the Company
and Tonaquint
 Inc. agreed to settle on Tonaquint&rsquo;s exercise of a warrant option with a one-time issuance from Greenway Technologies
of 1
600
000 shares of our common stock subject to a weekly leak out restriction equal to the greater of $10
000.00 and 8% of the
weekly trading volume. Further
 the issuance of stock was completed in connection with a legal opinion pursuant to Rule 144.

    
    



Group LLC (&ldquo;Wildcat&rdquo;) filed a civil lawsuit against Greenway Technologies
 Inc. on September 27
 2018 for an alleged
breach of contract. The Company answered the lawsuit and asserted a number of affirmative defenses. The Company settled all claims
with Wildcat and its principal
 Marshall Gleason in the first quarter of 2019. See Subsequent Events Note 14.

 2019 the Company filed a verified
petition for Declaratory Judgement
 Application for a Temporary Restraining Order and Application for Injunctive
Relief against the members of the Greenway Shareholders Committee in Dallas County. A Temporary Restraining Order was issued by
the court enjoining the Defendants (and their officers
 agents
 servants
 employees and attorneys) and those persons in active
concert or participation from; holding the special shareholders meeting on April 4
 2019 or calling such meeting to order; attending
or participating in the Special Meeting; voting the shares of Plaintiff owned by any Defendant at the Special Meeting
 either directly
or by granting a proxy to allow a non-defendant to vote said shares; voting any shares of Plaintiff owned by non-defendants with
or by proxy at the Special Meeting; and serving as chairman at the Special Meeting. On April 8
 2019
 the court issued a Temporary
Injunction against the dissident shareholders who received notice. The Injunction will continue until the trial date of December
10
 2019.


there are claims that may be asserted against it by Richard Halden
 a dissident shareholder
 and Chisos Equity Consultants
 LLC
which is a company that may be controlled by Halden. These claims
 if they are asserted will be vigorously defended by the Company.


 we are
not aware of any other asserted or unasserted claims. Management will seek to minimize further disputes but recognizes the inevitability
of legal action in today&rsquo;s business environment as an unfortunate price of conducting business.


    
    
    





    
    
Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 



stock are quoted on the OTCQB under the symbol &ldquo;GWTI.&rdquo; The table following sets forth the high and low bid prices for
our common stock on the OTCQB as reported by various market makers. The quotations reflect inter-dealer prices
 without retail
mark-up
 mark-down or commission
 and may not reflect actual transactions.


    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
    

    
March 31
 2017
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
June 30
 2017
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
September 30
 2017
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
December 31
 2017
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
March 31
 2018
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
June 30
 2018
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
September 30
 2018
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
December 31
 2018
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    


 2019
 we
had outstanding 287
471
582 shares of Class A common stock and 0 shares of Class B common stock outstanding. Our shares of Class
A common stock are held by 513 shareholders of record. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer
agent and does not include beneficial owners of our common stock whose shares are held in the names of various securities brokers
dealers
 and registered clearing agencies.



or declared any dividends on our common stock
 nor do we anticipate paying any cash dividends or other distributions on our common
stock in the foreseeable future. Any future dividends will be declared at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend
among other things
 on our earnings
 if any
 our financial requirements for future operations and growth
 and other facts as our
board of directors may then deem appropriate.
Securities Authorized for Issuance
under Equity Compensation Plans



below
 we have issued shares of our common stock to various parties:

During the twelve months ended December 31
 2018
 the Company issued
5
655
253 shares of restricted Class A common stock to 22 individuals through private placement for cash of $602
500 at an average
of $0.107 per share.

During the twelve months ended December 31
 2018
 the Company issued
500
000 shares of restricted Class A common stock as compensation for services at $0.10 per share.

During the twelve months ended December 31
 2018
 the Company issued
1
600
000 shares of Class A common stock in settlement of a legal dispute at $0.13 per share.

During the twelve months ended December 31
 2018
 the Company issued
3
000
000 shares of Class A common stock in settlement of shareholder obligations at $0.11 per share.

During the three months ended March 31
 2019
 the Company issued
766
667 shares for the conversion of Warrants at an average of $0.06 per share.

securities were issued in reliance upon an exemption from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or Rule
506(3) of Regulation D promulgated under the Securities Act. Each investor took his/her securities for investment purposes without
a view to distribution and had access to information concerning us and our business prospects
 as required by the Securities Act.
In addition
 there was no general solicitation or advertising for the purchase of our securities. Our securities were sold only
to accredited investors and current shareholders as defined in the Securities Act with whom we had a direct personal
 preexisting
relationship
 and after a thorough discussion. Each certificate contained a restrictive legend as required by the Securities Act.
Finally
 our stock transfer agent has been instructed not to transfer any of such securities
 unless such securities are registered
for resale or there is an exemption with respect to their transfer.

who received shares of our common stock were provided with access to our filings with the SEC
 including the following:


    
    
    




    
    
The information contained in any reports or documents required to be filed by Greenway Technologies under sections 13(a)
 14(a)
 14(c)
 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act since the distribution or filing of the reports specified above.



    
    




    
    
A brief description of the securities being offered
 and any material changes in our affairs that were not disclosed in the documents furnished.


Transfer Online
 Inc.
 whose address is 512 SE Salmon Street
 Portland
 Oregon 97214
 2nd Floor
 telephone number (503) 227-2950.





are a smaller reporting company; as a result
 we are not required to report selected financial data disclosures as required by
Item 301 of Regulation S-K.&nbsp;


    
    

The
following discussion and analysis of our results of operations and financial condition for&nbsp;the&nbsp;fiscal years ended December
31
 2018 and 2017 should be read in conjunction with&nbsp;our financial statements and the notes to those financial statements
that are included elsewhere in this annual report. Our discussion includes forward-looking statements based upon current expectations
that involve risks and uncertainties
 such as our plans
 objectives
 expectations and intentions. Actual results and the timing
of events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors
including those set forth under the &ldquo;Risk Factors
&rdquo; &ldquo;Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements&rdquo;
and &ldquo;Description of Business&rdquo; sections and elsewhere in this report. We use words such as &ldquo;anticipate
&rdquo;
&ldquo;estimate
&rdquo; &ldquo;plan
&rdquo; &ldquo;project
&rdquo; &ldquo;continuing
&rdquo; &ldquo;ongoing
&rdquo; &ldquo;expect
&rdquo;
&ldquo;believe
&rdquo; &ldquo;intend
&rdquo; &ldquo;may
&rdquo; &ldquo;will
&rdquo; &ldquo;should
&rdquo; &ldquo;could
&rdquo;
&ldquo;predict
&rdquo; and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Although we believe the expectations expressed
in these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions within the bounds of our knowledge of our business
 our
actual results could differ materially from those discussed in these statements. We undertake no obligation to update publicly
any forward-looking statements for any reason even if new information becomes available or other events occur in the future.

&ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;our
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; the &ldquo;Company&rdquo; and similar terms in this report
 as well as references
to &ldquo;UMED&rdquo; and &ldquo;Greenway&rdquo; all refer to Greenway Technologies
 Inc.
 and our wholly-owned subsidiary
 Greenway
Innovative Energy
 Inc.
 unless the context requires otherwise.


Inc.
 through its wholly-owned subsidiary
 Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc.
 is primarily engaged in the research
 development
and commercialization of a proprietary Gas-to-Liquids (GTL) syngas conversion system that can be economically scaled to meet individual
natural gas field/resource requirements. The Company's proprietary and patented technology has now been realized in Greenway's
recently completed first generation commercial-scale G-Reformer unit
 a unique and critical component to the Company's overall
GTL technology solution. Greenway's objective is to become a material direct and licensed producer of renewable GTL synthesized
diesel and jet fuels
 with a near term focus on U.S. market opportunities.

that its proprietary G-Reformer is a major innovation in gas reforming and GTL technology in general. Initial tests have demonstrated
that the Company&rsquo;s solution is superior to legacy technologies which are costly
 have a larger footprint and cannot be easily
deployed at field sites to process associated gas
 stranded gas
 coal-bed methane
 vented gas
 or flared gas
 all markets the Company
seeks to service. The proprietary technology based around the G-Reformer is unique in that it also allows for transportable GTL
plants with a much smaller footprint when compared to legacy large-scale technologies. The Company believes its technologies and
processes will allow for GTL plants to be built with substantially lower up-front and ongoing costs resulting in more profitable
results for O&amp;G operators. Greenway is now working to commercialize both its G-Reformer and its GTL solutions and is in discussions
with a number of oil and gas companies
 smaller oil and gas operators and other interested parties to license and obtain joint
venture or other forms of capital funding to build its first complete gas-to-liquid plant.


UMED acquired the rights to approximately 1
440 acres of placer mining claims located on Bureau of Land Management (&ldquo;BLM&rdquo;)
land in Mohave County
 Arizona for 5
066
000 shares of restricted Common A stock. Early indications
 from samples taken and processed
provided reason to believe that

    
    


metals located on the 1
440 acres is significant
 but only actual mining and processing will determine the ultimate value which
may be realized from this property holding. The Company is currently exploring strategic options to partner or sell its interest
in this acreage
 while it focuses on its emerging GTL technology sales and marketing efforts.


on outside sources of funding for continuation of our operations. Our independent registered public accounting firm issued a going
concern qualification in their report dated April 16
 2019
 which raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern.


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(3
194
982
    
    
    
(9
147
397
    

    
    
    
(1
289
436
    
    
    
(2
226
753
    

    
    
    
(4
704
396
    
    
    
(2
748
201
    

    
    
    
(4
689
396
    
    
    
(2
812
201
    



2018
 Greenway Technologies has liabilities in excess of assets by $4
689
396. Also
 during the year ended December 31
 2018
 we
used net cash of $1
969
722 for operating activities. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a
going concern.

contained herein do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or
amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue in existence. Our ability to
continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to generate sufficient cash flows to meet our obligations on a timely
basis
 to obtain additional financing as may be required
 and ultimately to attain profitable operations. However
 there is no
assurance that profitable operations or sufficient cash flows will occur in the future.

profitability will depend upon our ability to finance
 manufacture and market/operate GTL units. Our growth is dependent on attaining
profit from our operations and our raising additional capital either through the sale of stock or borrowing. There is no assurance
that we will be able to raise any equity financing or sell any of our products at a profit. We will be unable to pay our obligations
in the normal course of business or service our debt in a timely manner throughout 2019 without raising additional debt or equity
capital. There can be no assurance that additional debt or equity capital will be raised.


currently evaluating strategic alternatives that include the following: (i) raising of capital
 or (ii) issuance of debt instruments.
This process is ongoing and can be lengthy and has inherent costs. There can be no assurance that the exploration of strategic
alternatives will result in any specific action to alleviate our 12 month working capital needs or result in any other transaction.


to commence operations and generate revenues
 our cash position may not be significant enough to support our daily operations.
Management intends to raise additional funds by way of an offering of our securities. Management believes that the actions presently
being taken to further implement our business plan and generate revenues provide the opportunity for Greenway Technologies
 Inc.
to continue as a going concern. While we believe in the viability of our strategy to generate revenues and in our ability to raise
additional funds
 we may not be successful. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our capability to further
implement our business plan and generate revenues.

Year Ended December 31
 2018
 Compared
to Year Ended December 31
 2017.

for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017. We reported consolidated net losses during the years ended December 31
 2018 and
December 31
 2017
 of $3
194
982 and $9
147
397
 respectively.&nbsp;


operating expenses and other income and expenses for the years ended December 31
 2018
 and December 31
 2017:

    
    




    
    
    

    
$2
255
503
$8
262
988

    
$630
518
$867
052

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
$(34
500)
($15
933)

    
$(126
461)
($14
676)

    
$(28
000)
    

    
$(120
000)
    

.
During the year ended December 31
 2018
 operating expenses decreased $2
886
021
 as compared to $9
130
389 for the year ended
December 31
 2017. The decrease was due primarily to a decrease of stock-based compensation of $5
650
938 for the year ended December
31
 2017
 compared to $50
000 for the year ended December 31
 2018. Major operating expense categories consisted of the following
from year to year;
.
During the year ended December 31
 2018
 officer compensation (including Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc.&rsquo;s chief executive)
decreased to $378
000 (inclusive of $50
000 of stock-based compensation)
 as compared to $3
645
000 (inclusive of $3
290
000 of
stock-based compensation) for the year ended December 31
 2017.&nbsp;
. During
the year ended December 31
 2018
 consulting expense increased to $1
373
578
 as compared to $234
950 for the year ended December
31
 2017. The increase was primarily the result of consultants used for the development and production of the Greenway GTL technologies
and for general management and governance support.
. During
the year ended December 31
 2018
 professional fees nominally increased to $24
358
 as compared to $19
909for the year ended December
31
 2107. Professional fees were consistent with the prior year.
. During
the year ended December 31
 2018
 travel expenses decreased to $30
113
 as compared to $67
699 in the year ended December 31
 2017.
. During
the year ended December 31
 2018
 legal expenses increased to $297
073
 as compared to $225
229 in the year ended December 31
2017. The increase in legal fees was due primarily to additional work related to the negotiation and settlement of various contract
matters and dissident shareholder actions.
Research and Development
Costs
 2018
 research and development costs decreased to $630
518
 as compared to $867
052in
the year ended December 31
 2017. The decrease was due to the Company reaching the completion of its initial GTL research activities
and migration to a commercial production environment.
 During
the year ended December 31
 2018
 interest expense increased to $126
461
 as compared to $1
075 for the year ended December 31
2017. The increase was primarily due to the increase of debt financing versus the sale of securities to support operating expenses.&nbsp;

During the year ended December 31
 2018
 gain on derivative adjustment was $34
500
 as compared to $15
933 for year ended December
31
 pursuant to
the outstanding convertible note payable and warrants.

Our net loss from operations decreased to $3
194
982
 as compared to $9
147
397 for the year ended December 31
 2017. The decrease
was due primarily to a decrease of 2017 stock-based compensation of $5
607
938. The consolidated net loss was $3
194
982 or $0.01
per basic and diluted earnings share
 for the year ended December 31
 2018
 as compared to $9
147
397 or $0.03 per basic and diluted
earnings per share for the year ended December 31
 2017. The weighted-average number of shares used in the

    
    


and dilutive computation was 285
638
699 for the year ended December 31
 2018
 and 273
028
802 for the year ended December 31
2017.


have sufficient working capital to fund our expected future operations. We cannot assure investors that we will be able to continue
our operations without securing additional adequate funding. We had $73
211 in cash
 total assets of $178
80 and total liabilities
of $4
868
226 as of December 31
 2018. Total stockholder's deficit at December 31
 2018
 was $26
818
584.

to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet its obligations. The following table provides certain selected balance sheet comparisons
between December 31
 2018
 and December 31
 2017:


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
$ 73
211
    
$91
518
    
$ (18
307)
    
    

    
    
$ 73
211
    
$249
018
    
$(175
807)
    
    

    
    
$ 88
211
    
$269
018
    
$(180
330)
    
    

    
    
$3
506
880
    
$2
696
550
    
$810
330
    
    

    
    
$1
048
917
    
$304
675
    
$794
840
    
    

    
    
$103
476
    
$105
643
    
$(2
167)
    
    

    
    
$4
777
607
    
$2
997
219
    
$1
780
388
    
    

    
    
    
    
$&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;84
000
    
$(84
000)
    
    

    
    
$4
777
607
    
$3
081
219
    
$1
696
388
    
    





continuing operating activities during the year ended December 31
 2018
 was $1
289
436
 as compared to $2
226
753 for the year
ended December 31
 2017. Items totaling approximately $1
365
028 contributing to the net cash used in continuing operating activities
for the year ended December 31
 2018
 include:

194
982 net loss
 reduced by:


$365
500 increase in accrued management fees.


$157
500 decrease in Prepaid Expenses


$50
000 stock-based compensation


$81
833 elimination of debt discount on defaulted notes


$778
806 increase in accrued accounts payable


$286
073 $778
806 increase in accrued expenses


44
982 loan default &ndash; derivative adjustments

    
    




activities for the year ended December 31
 2017
 was $2
226
753. Items totaling approximately $7
276
368 contributing to the net
cash used in continuing operating activities for the year ended December 31
 2017
 include:

147
397 net loss
 offset by:


    
    
$5
650
938 increase in stock-based compensation.




    
    
$1
412
286 increase in settlement of stockholder dispute.



    
    
$1
412.286
    increase in settlement of stockholder dispute.



    
    
$349
    of depreciation.



    
    
$678
240
    increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses. 





    



activities for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017.&nbsp;


by financing activities was $1
271
129 for the year ended December 31
 2018
 composed of $602
500 in sales of common stock
 $728
869
proceeds from notes
 $8
500 of payments on note payable and $51
740 repayment of shareholder advances.

by financing activities was $2
250
307 for the year ended December 31
 2017
 composed of $2
191
750 in sales of common stock
 $318
008
proceeds from notes
 $131
753 of payments on note payable
 $58
190 repayment of shareholder advance
 $69
508 purchase of treasury
shares.

consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis
 which contemplates realization of assets and the
satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The general business strategy of Greenway Technologies is to first
develop our GTL technology to maintain Greenway Technologies&rsquo; viability
 while seeking capital and then later research and
explore its existing mining leases properties. As shown in the accompanying consolidated financial statement
 the Company has incurred
cumulative deficits of $26
818
584 and $23
623
602 as of December 31
 2018
 and December 31
 2017
 respectively. The ability of
Greenway Technologies to continue as a going concern is in doubt and dependent upon achieving a profitable level of operations
and on the ability of the Company to obtain necessary financing to fund ongoing operations.



The Company entered into an employment agreement with the president of Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc.
 and now chairman of the
board of Greenway Technologies
 Inc. for a term of five years with compensation of $90
000 per year. In September 2014
 the president&rsquo;s
employment agreement was amended to increase such annual pay to $180
000. By its terms
 the employment agreement automatically
renewed on August 12
 2018 for a successive one-year period. During the twelve-months ended December 31
 2018
 the Company paid
and accrued a total of $180
000 for this fiscal year under the terms of the agreement.


2018
 the Company entered into employment agreements with John Olynick
 as President and Ransom Jones
 as Chief Financial Officer
respectively. The terms and conditions of their employment agreements are identical. John Olynick
 as President earns a salary
of $120
000 per year. Ransom Jones
 as Chief Financial Officer
 earns a salary of $120
000 per year. Mr. Jones also serves as the
Company&rsquo;s Secretary and Treasurer. During each year that their Agreements are in effect
 they are each entitled to receive
a bonus (&ldquo;Bonus&rdquo;) equal to at least Thirty-Five Thousand Dollars ($35
000) per year. They are also entitled to certain
additional stock grants based on the performance of the Company during the term of their employment. They are each entitled to
and received a grant of common stock (the &ldquo;Stock Grant&rdquo;) on the Effective Date equal to 250
000 shares each (500
000

    
    


Stock
 par value $.0001 per share (the &ldquo;Common Stock&rdquo;)
 such shares vesting immediately. They are also entitled to
participate in the Company&rsquo;s benefit plans.


of the Employment Agreements is qualified in its entirety by reference to the actual true and correct Employment Agreements
 copies
of which are attached hereto as Exhibit 10.39 and 10.40.


agreement with Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc.
 the Company agreed to issue an additional 7
500
000 shares of restricted common
stock when the first portable GTL unit is built and becomes operational and is capable of producing 2
000 barrels of diesel or
jet fuel per day and to pay Greenway Innovative Energy a 2% royalty on all gross production sales on each unit placed in production.
In connection with a settlement agreement with one of the prior owners of Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc.
 the Company replaced
3
750
000 of the shares with a different number of shares and other consideration. As a result
 only 3
750
000 shares are committed
to be issued under this agreement.




 2018
 the
Company entered into a consulting agreement with an individual
 Gary L. Ragsdale
 Ph.D.
 P.E.
 to provide research and development
support of the Company&rsquo;s GTL technology development
 including but not limited to chemical modeling and simulations
 operational
validation
 operating plant forecasts
 ancillary product analysis and general technical advisory services. Terms include payment
of billable time at $40.00 per hour
 plus approved expenses
 retroactive to January 1
 2017. The term of the agreement is indefinite
unless otherwise terminated with written notice by the parties. Dr. Ragsdale continues to provide services to the Company under
the current agreement.


 2018
 the
Company entered into a consulting agreement with an individual
 John Olynick
 to provide general advisory services
 including but
not limited to advice and support for funding discussions
 creation of presentations
 document and contract preparation. Terms
include payment of billable time at $40.00 per hour
 plus approved expenses
 retroactive to January 1
 2017. The term of the agreement
is indefinite
 unless otherwise terminated with written notice by the parties. This agreement was terminated on May 10
 2018 when
Mr. Olynick was engaged as President of Greenway.


 2018
 the
Company entered into a consulting agreement with an individual
 Mark A. Zoellers
 to provide general advisory services
 including
but not limited to document and contract preparation
 creation of presentations
 photography and technical document review. Terms
include payment of billable time at $40.00 per hour
 plus approved expenses
 retroactive to January 1
 2017. The term of the agreement
is indefinite
 unless otherwise terminated with written notice by the parties. Mr. Zoellers continues to provide services to the
Company under the current agreement.


 2018
 the
Company entered into a consulting agreement with an individual
 Paul R. Alfano via Alfano Consulting Services
 to provide board
and senior management advice
 including but not limited to corporate strategy
 SEC adherence
 sales and marketing strategies
 document
and presentation preparation and fund-raising support. Terms include payment of billable time at $40.00 per hour
 plus approved
expenses
 retroactive to January 1
 2017. The term of the agreement is indefinite
 unless otherwise terminated with written notice
by the parties. Mr. Alfano continues to provide services to the Company under the current agreement.


 2018
 the
Company entered into a consulting agreement with an individual
 Peter J. Hauser
 to provide general advisory services
 including
but not limited to public relations
 press release preparation
 photography
 document preparation and editing. Terms include payment
of billable time at $40.00 per hour
 plus approved expenses
 retroactive to January 1
 2017. The term of the agreement is indefinite
unless otherwise terminated with written notice by the parties. Mr. Hauser was a member of the Company&rsquo;s board of directors
from May 10
 2018 until his resignation March 8
 2019 and continues to provide services to the Company under the current agreement.


 2018
 the
Company entered into a consulting agreement with an individual
 William N. Campbell
 to sales and marketing support for the Company&rsquo;s
GTL technology
 including but not limited to sales prospecting and presentation
 document preparation
 editing and making presentations
along with general technical advisory services. Terms include payment of billable time at $40.00 per hour
 plus approved expenses
retroactive to January 1
 2017. The term of the agreement is indefinite
 unless otherwise terminated with written notice by the
parties. Mr. Campbell continues to provide services to the Company under the current agreement.

    
    



 2017
the Company entered into a one-year consulting agreement with an individual
 Ryan Turner
 to provide business development services
including but not limited to enhanced digital marketing
 assistance with shareholder communications and help in establishing industry
relationships. Terms included monthly payments of $5
000 per month
 plus approved expenses. After the first twelve-month initial
term
 the agreement was automatically renewable for successive twelve-month terms
 unless otherwise terminated with written notice
by the parties
 and was subsequently renewed for an additional term. Mr. Turner continues to provide services to the Company under
the current agreement.


of the Consulting Agreements described above are qualified in their entirety by reference to the actual true and correct Consulting
Agreements
 copies of which are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.41 through 10.47.


28
 2017
 the Company entered into a three-year consulting agreement with Chisos Equity Consultants
 LLC for public relations
consulting and corporate communications services. The initial payment was 1
800
000 shares of its restricted common stock. Additional
payments upon our common stock reaching certain price points as follows:


    
    
500
000 shares at the time our common stock reaches $0.25 per share during the first year
    

    
    
500
000 shares at the time our common stock reaches $0.45 per share during the first year
    

    
    
1
000
000 shares at the time our common stock reaches $0.90 per share during the first or second year

    
    
2
000
000 shares at the time our common stock reaches $1.50 per share during the first or second year

    
    
3
000
000 shares at the time our common stock reaches $2.00 per share during the term of the agreement

    
    
1
000
000 shares at the time our common stock reaches $10.00 per share during the term of the agreement


Agreement
 the Board of Directors of the Company on June 22
 2018 voted to terminate the Agreement. Based on the termination
 all
warrants to purchase the Company&rsquo;s common stock were cancelled.


 2017
 the
Company entered into a six-month consulting agreement with MBK Consulting LLC (&ldquo;MBK&rdquo;) for the provision of general
corporate management and public company governance support
 including assistance in and providing guidance for raising capital.
Terms included monthly payments of $10
000 per month
 plus approved expenses. After the first six-months initial term
 the agreement
was automatically renewable for successive six-month terms
 unless otherwise terminated with written notice by the parties
 and
was subsequently renewed for an additional term. The agreement on its then current terms was mutually ended as of December 2018.
MBK continues to provide services to the Company on a month-to-month and as-needed basis.




commitment for 2019 of approximately $11
160 in annual maintenance fees for its United States Bureau of Land Management (&ldquo;BLM&rdquo;)
mining lease
 which is due by September 1
 2019. Once Greenway enters the production phase
 royalties owed to the BLM will be equal
to 10% of production. There is no actual lease agreement with the BLM; Greenway files an annual maintenance fee form to hold the
claims.


has been provided by loans
 advances from shareholders and by issuing shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock in various private
placements to accredited investors
 related parties and individuals.


will be affected by seasonal factors.&nbsp;


    
    


to general inflationary trends
 including for basic manufacturing production materials
 Management believes that inflation in and
of itself does not have a material effect on our operating results. However
 inflation may become a factor in the future.


off-balance sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition
 revenues
and results of operations
 liquidity or capital expenditures.


analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon financial statements which have been prepared in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to
make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses
 and related disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis
 we evaluate these estimates. We base our estimates on historical experience
and on assumptions that are believed to be reasonable. These estimates and assumptions provide a basis for making judgments about
the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from
these estimates under different assumptions or conditions
 and these differences may be material.

the critical accounting policies discussed below affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of
our financial statements.


FASB issued ASC 606 as guidance on the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers in May 2014
 with amendments in 2015
and 2016. Revenue recognition will depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the
consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance also requires disclosures
regarding the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The guidance
permits two methods of adoption: retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented
 or retrospectively with the cumulative
effect of initially applying the guidance recognized at the date of initial application (the cumulative catch-up transition method).
Greenway Technologies adopted the guidance on January 1
 2018 and applied the cumulative catch-up transition method. The transition
adjustment to be recorded to shareholders&rsquo; equity upon adoption of the new standard is not expected to be material.

 to
date
 generated any revenues.


718
 &ldquo;Accounting for Stock-Based Compensation&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASC 718&rdquo;) established financial accounting and reporting
standards for stock-based employee compensation plans. It defines a fair value-based method of accounting for an employee stock
option or similar equity instrument. In January 2006
 Greenway Technologies implemented ASC 718
 and accordingly
 we account for
compensation cost for stock option plans in accordance with ASC 718.

for share-based payments to non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50 &ldquo;Accounting for Equity Instruments Issued to Non-Employees
for Acquiring
 or in Conjunction with Selling
 Goods or Services&rdquo;.


of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenue and expenses during the reported
period. Actual results could differ materially from the estimates.

    
    



for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 &ldquo;Income Taxes
&rdquo; which requires that Greenway Technologies recognize
deferred tax liabilities and assets based on the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases
of assets and liabilities
 using enacted tax rates in effect in the years the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred income
tax benefit (expense) results from the change in net deferred tax assets or deferred tax liabilities. A valuation allowance is
recorded when it is more likely than not that some or all deferred tax assets will not be realized.

. The ASC clarifies the accounting for uncertainty
in income taxes recognized in an enterprise&rsquo;s financial statements. The ASC prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement
attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return.
The ASC provides guidance on de-recognition
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure
and transition. Open tax years
 subject to IRS examination include 2015 &ndash; 2018.
Net Loss Per Share
 Basic and Diluted

Accounting Standards Codification Subtopic 260-10
 (&ldquo;ASC 260-10)
 specifying the computation
 presentation
and disclosure requirements of earning per share information. Basic loss per share has been computed by dividing net loss available
to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Shares issuable upon conversion
of notes payable and the exercise of warrants has been excluded as a common stock equivalent in the diluted loss per share because
their effect is anti-dilutive on the computation.


for derivative instruments in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 815


which establishes accounting and reporting standards for derivative instruments
 including certain derivative instruments embedded
in other contracts
 and for hedging activities. They require that an entity recognize all derivatives as either assets or liabilities
in the balance sheet and measure those instruments at fair value.

are met
 a derivative may be specifically designated as a hedge
 the objective of which is to match the timing of gain or loss
recognition on the hedging derivative with the recognition of (i) the changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability
that are attributable to the hedged risk
 or (ii) the earnings effect of the hedged forecasted transaction. For a derivative not
designated as a hedging instrument
 the gain or loss is recognized in income in the period of change.

 6 and 7 to the financial
statements for discussions regarding convertible notes payable and warrants.


and related items
 which potentially subject Greenway to concentrations of credit risk
 consist primarily of cash
 cash equivalents
and trade receivables. Greenway places its cash and temporary cash investments with high credit quality institutions. At times
such investments may be in excess of the FDIC insurance limit.&nbsp;


all other recently issued
 but not yet adopted
 accounting standards in order to determine their effects
 if any
 on its results
of operation
 financial position or cash flows. Based on that review
 Greenway believes that none of these pronouncements are expected
to have a significant effect on its consolidated financial statements.


statements.

    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    


and related notes are included as part of this report as indexed in the appendix on page F-1
 


    
    
    


there been any disagreements with our accountants regarding any matter of accounting principles or practices
 financial statement
disclosure
 or auditing scope or procedure.


    
    
    

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures.

the supervision and with the participation of our management
 including our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer
 we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures
 as such term is defined under Rule 15d-15(e) promulgated
under the Exchange Act
 as of December 31
 2018. Based on this evaluation
 our principal executive officer and principal financial
officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed
by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC&rsquo;s rules.
Management's Annual Report on
Internal Control over Financial Reporting.

management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule
15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. The Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable
assurance to the Company&rsquo;s management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published
financial statements in accordance with United States&rsquo; generally accepted accounting principles (&ldquo;US GAAP&rdquo;)
including those policies and procedures that: (i)&nbsp;pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately
and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company
 (ii)&nbsp;provide reasonable assurance that
transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with US GAAP and that receipts
and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company
 and (iii)&nbsp;provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
 or disposition of the Company&rsquo;s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.&nbsp;

conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control&mdash;Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Management&rsquo;s assessment included
an evaluation of the design of our internal control over financial reporting and testing of the operational effectiveness of our
internal control over financial reporting. Based on this evaluation
 management has concluded that as of December 31
 2018
 our
internal control over financial reporting was ineffective.&nbsp;&nbsp;

of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore
 even
those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation
and presentation.&nbsp;

annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company&rsquo;s registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting
firm pursuant rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management&rsquo;s report in this annual report.

    
    


the following deficiencies which together constitute a material weakness in our assessment of the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31
 2018:


    
    
    




    
    
During the year ended December 31
 2018
 Greenway internally performed all aspects of its financial reporting process
 including
 but not limited to the underlying accounting records and record journal entries and responsibility for the preparation of the financial statement due to the fact these duties were performed often times by the same people
 a lack of review was created over the financial reporting process that might result in a failure to detect errors in spreadsheets
 calculations
 or assumptions used to compile the financial statements and related disclosures as filed with the SEC. These control deficiencies could result in a material misstatement to our interim or annual financial statements that would not be prevented or detected.




    
    
Greenway does not have a sufficient number of independent or qualified directors for its board and audit committee. We currently have three independent directors on our board
 which is comprised of six directors
 and we do not yet have a functioning audit committee
 as the only otherwise qualified director is not independent. As a publicly-traded company
 we should strive to have a majority of our board of directors be independent.


the process of remediating its control deficiencies. However
 the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting
that has been identified will not be remediated until numerous internal controls are implemented and operate for a period of time
are tested
 and Greenway is able to conclude that such internal controls are operating effectively. We cannot provide assurance
that these procedures will be successful in identifying material errors that may exist in our financial statements. We cannot make
assurances that we will not identify additional material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting in the future.
Management plans
 as capital becomes available to us
 to increase the accounting and financial reporting staff and provide future
investments in the continuing education and public company accounting training of our accounting and financial professionals.

that any system of controls
 however well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 and not absolute
 assurance that
the objectives of the system are met. In addition
 the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions about
the likelihood of future events. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control system
 there can be no assurance that
any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions
 regardless of how remote.

does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management&rsquo;s report in this annual report.


corrective actions with regard to significant deficiencies or material weaknesses) in our internal control over financial reporting
that occurred during the year ended December 31
 2018
 that have materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
our internal control over financial reporting.



    
    
    





    
    
Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.


    
    


sets forth the names
 ages
 and positions of our executive officers
 directors and key employees as of the date of this report.
Executive officers are elected annually by our Board of Directors. Each executive officer holds his office until he resigns
 is
removed by the Board
 or his successor is elected and qualified. Directors are elected annually by our stockholders at the annual
meeting. Each director holds his office until his successor is elected and qualified or his earlier resignation or removal.


    
    
    
    

    
    
Chairman of the Board
 President of GIE
 Director
    

    
    
Chief Financial Officer
 Secretary
 Director
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


board of directors are subject to change from time to time by the vote of the shareholders at special or annual meetings to elect
directors. Our current board of directors consists of five directors
 who have expertise in the business of Greenway. No date for
the next annual meeting of stockholders is specified in our bylaws or has been fixed by the Board of Directors. The term of office
of each officer ends at the next annual meeting of our Board of Directors
 expected to take place immediately after the next annual
meeting of stockholders
 or when such officer's successor is elected and qualifies.

except as otherwise provided in any resolution or resolutions of the board
 directors who are elected at an annual meeting of shareholders
and directors elected and/or appointed in the interim to fill vacancies and newly created directorships
 will hold office for the
term for which elected and/or appointed until their successors are elected and qualified or until their earlier death
 resignation
or removal.

of any class or classes of stock or any series thereof are entitled to elect one or more directors pursuant to any resolution or
resolutions of the board
 vacancies and newly created directorships of such class or classes or series thereof may generally be
filled by a majority of the directors elected by such class or classes or series then in office
 by a sole remaining director so
elected or by the unanimous written consent or the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of such class or classes
or series entitled to elect such director or directors. Officers are elected annually by the directors. Ransom Jones and Kevin
Jones are brothers. Otherwise
 there are no other family relationships among our directors and officers.

management personnel
 as our board of directors deems necessary. Greenway has not identified or reached an agreement or understanding
with any other individuals to serve in management positions.


of the Board of Greenway Technologies. Ray has served as the President of Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc. since August 2012. Mr.
Wright was a co-founder of DFW Genesis in 2009
 where he began working on the natural gas to liquid (GTL) process and worked through
2012
 when he and the late Conrad Greer formed Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc. to continue working on the GTL process. Previously
Ray worked with Dallas-based Texas Instruments (TI) managing operations and opening up new markets for (TI) in England. He developed
and built a materials manufacturing facility for TI&rsquo;s European operation and introduced TI&rsquo;s Light Sensor technology
in Europe.&nbsp;


Financial Officer of Greenway Technologies
 Inc. and has over 40 years of diverse business experience. He is a retired partner
of KPMG Peat Marwick and former Chief Financial Officer of two publicly traded corporations
 Western Preferred Corporation and
El Paso Refining
 Inc. He has also served as an officer of some of the largest and most prestigious global financial institutions
including Goldman Sachs
 Citicorp
 ABN-AMRO Bank
 and AIG. Mr. Jones served as President and Interim Chief Executive Officer of
UMED through April 2017. He graduated from the University of Texas at El Paso in 1971 with a BBA
 Accounting. Ransom Jones and
Kevin Jones are brothers.


founder and president of All Commercial Floors and is responsible for its overall operation. Under his leadership ACF has grown
from a two-person business in the corner of his garage to one of the largest commercial flooring companies in the country
 with
multiple offices in the United States
 serving customers from Alaska to Florida
 Maine to California and beyond. ACF has managed
and installed landmark projects at

    
    


 American
Airlines Center
 the University of Alabama and Cowboys Stadium. ACF believes that no other flooring contractor in the country has
the ability to reach any corner of North American continent with the skill and success of ACF. Mr. Jones attended Texas Tech University
in Lubbock
 Texas. Kevin Jones and Ransom B. Jones are brothers.

served a director of Greenway Technologies since its incorporation in March 2002. Mr. Takacs served as president and chief executive
officer of our predecessor
 Dynalyst Manufacturing Corporation
 from March 2002 until his resignation in August 2009. Prior to
Dynalyst
 Mr. Takacs worked for Institutional Capital Management
 where he served as the firm&rsquo;s technology analyst. Mr. Takacs
received his BBA in Business Management in 1984 from Texas A&amp;M University.

J. Harer began his career working for the oilfield division of LTV Corporation in 1981. In 1984
 he began working in the industrial
gas industry where he developed an extensive knowledge of the industrial gas business and the various technologies of the diverse
industries it serves. He has been and remains an instrumental part of the operation of world-renowned French company Air Liquide
in the United States. In his capacity at Air Liquide
 Mr. Harer was involved in the initial development of the G-Reformer&reg;
utilizing existing technologies and was instrumental in negotiating agreements between Air Liquide and Greenway that allowed Greenway
to develop and begin to commercialize the G-Reformer technology. He graduated from the University of South Dakota with a Bachelor
of Science in Business Administration in 1980.

Olynick has been president of Greenway since May 2018 and brings over 40 years of experience in senior management positions at
industry leading technology corporations including Digital Equipment Corp (DEC)
 CISCO Systems
 Inc. and Philips Electronics. Over
his career
 John has helped build businesses and has led turnarounds including serving as CEO and Chairman of the Board of an Arizona-based
public company that grew both organically and through acquisition under his leadership. Since July 2017
 he has been assisting
the Company as a business development consultant with a focus on securing operational funding and developing joint venture partnerships.
He is a graduate of the New York University School of Engineering and the Harvard Business School Professional Development program.


age 51
 was elected as Vice President of Operations for Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc. Mr. Phillips is a highly experienced and
accomplished deal making executive with a very successful acquisition and divestiture track record. After starting his career with
Lone Star Gas
 building and operating pipelines and natural gas processing plants
 Mr. Phillips joined JP Morgan FCS/Financial
Computer Software (a spinoff of Highland Capital Management). After the FCS group was purchased
 Mr. Phillips was asked to join
the senior management team at BCR Environmental/NuTerra Management LLC
 a municipal wastewater treatment technology company and
related solutions provider. Early in 2017
 Mr. Phillips was brought aboard to guide the Company&rsquo;s GTL engineering operations.
Mr. Phillips holds a Bachelor of Science in Industrial Engineering from and is designated as a Distinguished Alumnus of Texas A&amp;M
University.


 2018
pursuant to the authority granted to the Board in Section 2.10 of Article Two of the Company&rsquo;s Bylaws
 the Board created
an Executive Committee. As of the date of this report
 the designated board members comprising said committee include Ray Wright
Kent Harer and Ransom Jones. The Executive Committee may consider and review any and all such matters or issues it deems necessary
coming before the Company and take such further lawful actions as it determines to be consistent with its responsibilities.&nbsp;

of other committees now or to be adopted in the future are currently are fulfilled by our board of directors and all of our directors
participate in such responsibilities
 two of whom are &ldquo;independent&rdquo; as defined under Rule 4200(a)(15) of the NASD&rsquo;s
listing standards described below. Given the small size of the Company
 with the exception of the Executive Committee
 our entire
board of directors participates in all of the considerations with respect to our audit
 compensation and nomination deliberations.

of the NASD&rsquo;s listing standards defines an &ldquo;independent director&rdquo; as a person other than an executive officer
or employee of the company or any other individual having a relationship which
 in the opinion

    
    


would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. The following persons
shall not be considered independent:


    
    
A director who is
 or at any time during the past three years was
 employed by the company;




    
    
A director who accepted or who has a Family Member who accepted any compensation from the company in excess of $120
000 during any period of twelve consecutive months within the three years preceding the determination of independence
 other than the following: (i) compensation for board or board committee service; (ii) compensation paid to a Family Member who is an employee (other than as an executive officer) of the company; or (iii) benefits under a tax-qualified retirement plan
 or non-discretionary compensation. Provided
 however
 that in addition to the requirements contained in this paragraph
 audit committee members are also subject to additional
 more stringent requirements under Rule 4350(d).




    
    
A director who is a Family Member of an individual who is
 or at any time during the past three years was
 employed by the company as an executive officer;




    
    
A director who is
 or has a Family Member who is
 a partner in
 or a controlling shareholder or an executive officer of
 any organization to which the company made
 or from which the company received
 payments for property or services in the current or any of the past three fiscal years that exceed five percent of the recipient&rsquo;s consolidated gross revenues for that year
 or $200
000
 whichever is more
 other than the following: (i) payments arising solely from investments in the company&rsquo;s securities; or (ii) payments under non-discretionary charitable contribution matching programs.




    
    
A director of the issuer who is
 or has a Family Member who is
 employed as an executive officer of another entity where at any time during the past three years any of the executive officers of the issuer serve on the compensation committee of such other entity; or




    
    
A director who is
 or has a Family Member who is
 a current partner of the company&rsquo;s outside auditor
 or was a partner or employee of the registrant&rsquo;s outside auditor who worked on the company&rsquo;s audit at any time during any of the past three years.


qualified independent members to our board of directors at a later date
 depending upon our ability to reach and maintain financial
stability.


of directors performs the functions of an audit committee
 but no written charter governs the actions of the board when performing
the functions of what would generally be performed by an audit committee. The board approves the selection of our independent accountants
and meets and interacts with the independent accountants to discuss issues related to financial reporting. In addition
 the board
reviews the scope and results of the audit with the independent accountants
 reviews with management and the independent accountants
our annual operating results
 considers the adequacy of our internal accounting procedures and considers other auditing and accounting
matters including fees to be paid to the independent auditor and the performance of the independent auditor. At the present time
Ransom Jones
 the Chief Financial Officer and one of our directors
 is considered to be our expert in financial and accounting
matters.&nbsp;


size of our board
 at this time
 does not require a separate nominating committee. When evaluating director nominees
 our directors
consider the following factors:


    
    
    




    
    
    



    
    




    
    
The knowledge
 skills and experience of nominees
 including experience in finance
 administration or public service
 in light of prevailing business conditions and the knowledge
 skills and experience already possessed by other members of the board;




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    


brings together a variety of perspectives and skills derived from high quality business and professional experience. In doing so
the board will also consider candidates with appropriate non-business backgrounds.

there are no stated minimum criteria for director nominees
 although the board may also consider such other factors as it may deem
are in our best interests as well as our shareholders. In addition
 the board identifies nominees by first evaluating the current
members of the board willing to continue in service. Current members of the board with skills and experience that are relevant
to our business and who are willing to continue in service are considered for re-nomination. If any member of the board does not
wish to continue in service or if the board decides not to re-nominate a member for re-election
 the board then identifies the
desired skills and experience of a new nominee in light of the criteria above. Current members of the board are polled for suggestions
as to individuals meeting the criteria described above. The board may also engage in research to identify qualified individuals.
To date
 we have not engaged third parties to identify or evaluate or assist in identifying potential nominees
 although we reserve
the right in the future to retain a third-party search firm
 if necessary. The board does not typically consider shareholder nominees
because it believes that its current nomination process is sufficient to identify directors who serve our best interests.


Act requires our officers
 directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of our common stock to file reports of ownership
and changes in ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons also are required to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a)
forms they file. Based solely on the reports received by us
 the transaction report of Company transactions supplied by our transfer
agent and our shareholders list as of December 31
 2018
 to the best of our knowledge all required directors
 officers and greater
than 9.99% percent shareholders complied with applicable filing requirements during the fiscal year ended December 31
 2018.



and other interested parties may contact any of our directors by writing to them at Greenway Technologies
 Inc. at 1521 N. Cooper
Street
 Suite 205
 Arlington
 TX 76011. Attention: Corporate Secretary.

a process for handling letters received by us and addressed to any of our directors. Under that process
 one of our officers will
review all such correspondence and regularly forwards to the directors a summary of all such correspondence
 together with copies
of all such correspondence that
 in the opinion of such officer
 deal with functions of the board or committees thereof or that
he otherwise determines requires their attention. Directors may at any time review a log of all correspondence received by us that
are addressed to members of the board and request copies of such correspondence.&nbsp;


real or apparent conflicts of interest
 we have adopted written policies and procedures which require that:


    
    
    



    
    
The
    transaction be approved by a majority of our disinterested outside directors; and




    
    



    
    
The
    transaction be fair and reasonable to us at the time it is authorized or approved by our directors. 


Code of Ethics for Senior Executive Officers and Senior
Financial Officers

code of business conduct and ethics
 to be known as our code of ethics
 which applies to our principal executive officer
 principal
financial officer
 principal accounting officer and all persons providing similar functions.&nbsp;

written standard designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote:&nbsp;


    
    
    

    
    
full
 fair
 accurate
 timely and understandable disclosure in regulatory filings and public &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;statements;

    
    
compliance with applicable laws
 rules and regulations;

    
    
    

    
    
    



of the Code of Ethics free of charge upon request to any person submitting a written request to our corporate Secretary.


    
    
    



 Greenway Technologies has
three executive officers
 Messrs. Wright
 Olynick and Jones.
&nbsp;Greenway Technologies Summary
Compensation Table

 for our
named executive officers for the two completed fiscal years ended December 31
 2018
 and December 31
 2017:


    

    
    
    
    
                                                                                
Option
                                         Awards
                                                                                
    
                                                                                

        
        
        
        
        
All
                                         Other Compensation
                                                                                

        
        

    
    
135
000
    
1
400
000
    
    
    
    
1
535
000

    
    
5
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
5
000

    
    
40
000
    
490
000
    
    
    
    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;530
000

    
    
120
000
35
000
25
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
150
000
    
1
400
000
    
    
    
    
1
550
000

    
    
180
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
&nbsp;&nbsp;180
000

    
    
120
000
35
000
25
000
    
    
    
    
180
000




    
    
Mr. Six was hired as president on April 24
 2017. On January 4
 2017
 Mr. Six received 10
000
000 shares of our common stock valued at $0.14 per share. Mr. Six resigned as President on May 10
 2018
 and as a director on February 19
 2019.




    
    
Mr. Jones was interim chief executive officer
 effective January 14
 2016
 and president from August 4
 2016
 through April 24
 2017. On January 4
 2017
 Mr. Jones received 3
500
000 shares of our common stock valued at $0.14 per share. On October 2
 2016
 Mr. Jones received 375
000 shares of our common stock valued at $0.10 per share. Mr. Jones was hired as Chief Financial Officer and Secretary on May 10
 2018 and received 250
000 shares of Class A common stock valued at $0.10 per share as a component of his employment agreement.




    
    
Mr. Wright was elected as our corporate secretary on January 4
 2017. On January 4
 2017
 Mr. Wright received 10
000
000 shares of our Class A common stock valued at $0.14 per share. Mr. Wright resigned as corporate secretary on June 22
 2018
 after being elected Chairman of the Board.




    
    
Mr. Olynick was hired as president on May 10
 2018 and received 250
000 shares of Class A common stock valued at $0.10 per share as a component of his employment agreement 



    
    



Year-End&nbsp;

information for each of our named executive officers as of the end of our last completed fiscal year
 December 31
 2018:


    
    
    

    
    
    
    
                                                                                
Option
                                         Exercise
                                                                                
    
                                                                                
    
                                                                                
    
                                                                                
Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares
 Units or Other Rights That Have Not 
Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares
 Units or Other Rights That Have Not 

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


        
        
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




    
    
Mr. Six was elected as our chief executive officer on April 24
 2017. Mr. Six resigned as President on May 10
 2018
 and as a director on February 19
 2019.




    
    
Mr. Jones was our interim chief executive officer
 effective January 14
 2016
 and president from August 4
 2016
 through April 24
 2017. Mr. Jones was hired as Chief Financial Officer and Secretary on May 10
 2018




    

        
        
Mr. Wright was elected as our corporate secretary on January 4
 2017. Mr. Wright resigned as corporate secretary on June 22
 2018
 after being elected Chairman of the Board. 

 2018 and received 250
000 shares of Class A common stock valued at $0.10 per share as a component of his employment agreement




    
    
    


the beneficial ownership of all shares of our common stock and preferred stock as of December 31
 2018
 by:



    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    
    




    
    

    
    
    

    
16
333
272
    

    
17
750
000
    

    
3
666
963
    

    
4
125
000
    

    
19
613
029
    

    
    
    

    
3
240
000
    


    
    




    
550
000
    

    
65
278
264
    

    
22
178
302
    

    
15
543
239
    

    
21
250
000
    



Unless otherwise indicated
 the address for each of these shareholders is c/o Greenway Technologies
Inc.
 at 1521 N. Cooper Street
 Suite 205
 Arlington
 TX 76011. Also
 unless otherwise indicated
 each person named in the table
above has the sole voting and investment power with respect to our shares of common stock which he beneficially owns.

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the Securities and Exchange
Commission. As of December 31
 2018
 there were outstanding 286
488
677 shares of our Class A common stock.

Mr. Six was elected chief executive officer on April 24
 2017. Mr. Six resigned as President on May 10
 2018
 and as a director
on February 19
 2019.

Mr. Wright is Chairman of the Board of Directors
 and president of Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc.
 our wholly-owned subsidiary.



Mr. Ransom Jones is a director and was formerly our interim chief executive officer
 effective January 14
 2016
 and president
from August 4
 2016
 through April 24
 2017. Mr. Jones was hired as Chief Financial Officer and Secretary on May 10
 2018. Ransom
Jones and Kevin Jones are brothers.





Mr. Hauser was elected as a director on May 10
 2018 and resigned on March 8
 2019.

Mr. Olynick was hired as president on May 10
 2018.

Mr. Moseley was our former chief financial officer and a former director. He resigned from both positions on November 21
 2016.

Mr. Halden was a former president and a director. He resigned as president on January 14
 2016 and as a director on February
1
 2017.


 there
are no arrangements or understandings
 known to us
 including any pledge by any person of our securities:


    
    
    





    
    
    




    
    
    


 there
are no other agreements with any of our officers and directors.

 2018
Shareholders made loans and advances to the Company in the amounts of $878
869 (including the Greer Family Trust $144.000 net of
a $6
000 repayment
 $51
342 repayment to Kevin Jones)
 and various shareholders through Mabert
 LLC of $728
869
 as more fully
described below)
 as compared to $219
509 (Tunstall Canyon Group $166
667
 Kevin Jones $51
342 and Pat Six $1
500) through December
31
 2017. During the year ended December 31
 2107
 shareholders made loans and advances to the Company in the amounts of $219
509
(Tunstall Canyon Group
 Kevin Jones $51
342 and Pat Six $1
500)
 and a shareholder Richard Halden purchased 2
250
000 shares of
class A common stock for $225
000 ($0.010 per share) and Kevin Jones received repayment of $59
690 loan.


 2018 Mabert
LLC a Texas Limited Liability Company owned by a Director and shareholder
 Kevin Jones and his wife Christine Early
 entered into
a loan agreement for the purpose of funding working capital and general corporate expenses up to $1
500
000 for the Company. Mabert
is an agent for the lenders of the Company. Since the inception of the Loan Agreement a total of $$728
869 has been loaned to the
Company by four shareholder individuals through the agent Mabert
 LLC.


wife and his company have loaned the sum of $528
869 and two other shareholders have loaned the balance. These loans are secured
by the assets of the Company. A financing statement and UCC-1 have been filed according to Texas statutes. Should a default under
the loan agreement occur
 there could be a foreclosure or a bankruptcy proceeding filed by the Agent for these Shareholders. The
actions of the Company in case of default can only be determined by the Shareholders. A foreclosure sale or distribution through
bankruptcy could only result in the creditors receiving a pro rata payment based upon the terms of the loan agreement. Mabert did
not nor will it receive compensation for its efforts.





    
    
    


    
    


professional services rendered by Soles
 Heyn &amp; Company LLP
 our independent auditors for the audit of our financial statements
for the years ended December 31
 2018
 and December 31
 2017:


    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
38
021
    
    
    
28
700
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
38
021
    
    
    
28
700
    




billed by Soles
 Heyn were for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements and review of our
interim financial statements for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 as well as for their assistance with and review of
documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Pre-Approval Policy for Services of Greenway Technologies
Inc. Independent Auditors

reviews the Form 10-Q and Form 10-K filings before their filing. In addition
 our board of directors reviews the audit plans and
anticipated fees for audit and tax work prior to the commencement of that work. All fees paid to the independent auditors are pre-approved
by our board of directors. These services may include audit services
 audit-related services
 tax services and other services.



    
    
Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules.




    
    
    




    
    
All financial statement schedules required to be filed by Item 8 of this report and the exhibits contained in this report are described in Item 8 of this report and are included as indexed in the appendix on page F-1
 et seq..





    
    

    
Combination Agreement executed as of August 18
 2009
 between Dynalyst Manufacturing Corporation and Universal Media Corporation
 filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Articles of Incorporation of Dynalyst Manufacturing Corporation filed with the Secretary of State of Texas on March 13
 2002
 filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Articles of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation of Dynalyst Manufacturing Corporation filed with the Secretary of State of Texas on June 7
 2006
 filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Articles of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation of Dynalyst Manufacturing Corporation filed with the Secretary of State of Texas on August 28
 2009
 changing the corporate name to Universal Media Corporation
 filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Articles of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation of Universal Media Corporation filed with the Secretary of State of Texas on March 23
 2011
 changing the corporate name to UMED Holdings
 Inc.
 filed as Exhibit 3.4 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Articles of Amendment of Certificate of Formation of UMED Holdings
 Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of Texas on June 23
 2017
 changing the corporate name to Greenway Technologies
 Inc.
 filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant&rsquo;s Form 8-K/A on July 20
 2017
 Commission File Number 000-55030.


    
    




    
Bylaws of Dynalyst Manufacturing Corporation
 filed as Exhibit 3.5 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Articles of Incorporation of Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on July 6
 2012
 filed as Exhibit 3.7 to the registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-Q/A
 amendment No. 1
 on September 21
 2017
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Bylaws of Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc.
 filed as Exhibit 3.8 to the registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-Q/A
 amendment No. 1
 on September 21
 2017
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.





    
Purchase Agreement dated as of May 1
 2012
 between Universal Media Corporation and Mamaki Tea &amp; Extract
 Inc.
 filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Addendum and Modification to Purchase Agreement dated as of December 31
 2012
 between Universal Media Corporation and Mamaki of Hawaii
 Inc. formerly Mamaki Tea &amp; Extract
 Inc.
 filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Second Addendum and Modification to Purchase Agreement dated as of December 31
 2012
 between Universal Media Corporation and Mamaki of Hawaii
 Inc. formerly Mamaki Tea &amp; Extract
 Inc.
 filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Purchase Agreement dated August 29th
 2012
 between Universal Media Corporation and Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc.
 filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Purchase Agreement dated as of February 23
 2012
 between Rig Support Services
 Inc. and UMED Holdings
 Inc.
 filed as Exhibit 10.7 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Asset Purchase Agreement dated as of October 2
 2011
 between Jet Regulators
 L.C.
 R/T Jet Tech
 L.P. and UMED Holdings
 Inc.
 filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Employee Agreement dated May 27
 2011
 between UMED Holdings
 Inc. and Kevin Bentley
 filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Employee Agreement dated May 27
 2011
 between UMED Holdings
 Inc. Randy Moseley
 filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Employee Agreement dated May 27
 2011
 between UMED Holdings
 Inc. and Richard Halden
 filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Employee Agreement dated August 29
 2012
 between UMED Holdings
 Inc. and Raymond Wright
 filed as Exhibit 10.12 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Employee Agreement dated August 29
 2012
 between UMED Holdings
 Inc. and Conrad Greer
 filed as Exhibit 10.13 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Consulting Agreement dated May 27
 2011
 between UMED Holdings
 Inc. and Jabez Capital Group
 LLC
 filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Promissory Note in the amount of $850
000 dated August 17
 2012
 executed by Mamaki Tea
 Inc. payable to Southwest Capital Funding
 Ltd.
 filed as Exhibit 10.15 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Modification of Note and Liens effective as of October 1
 2012
 between Southwest Capital Funding
 Ltd. and Mamaki Tea
 Inc.
 filed as Exhibit 10.16 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.


    
    




    
Second Modification of Note and Liens effective as of December 20
 2012
 between Southwest Capital Funding
 Ltd.
 Mamaki Tea
 Inc.
 and Mamaki of Hawaii
 Inc.
 filed as Exhibit 10.17 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Promissory Note in the amount of $150
000 dated August 17
 2012
 executed by Mamaki Tea
 Inc. payable to Robert R. Romer
 filed as Exhibit 10.18 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Addendum and Modification to Purchase Agreement dated as of December 31
 2012
 between Rig Support Services
 Inc. and UMED Holdings
 Inc.
 filed as Exhibit 10.19 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Promissory Note in the amount of $158
000 dated September 18
 2014
 executed by UMED Holdings
 Inc. payable to Tonaquint
 Inc.
 filed as Exhibit 10.20 to the registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-Q/A
 amendment No. 1
 on September 21
 2017
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Warrant dated September 18
 2014
 for $47
400 worth of UMED Holdings
 Inc. shares issued to Tonaquint
 Inc.
 filed as Exhibit 10.21 to the registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-Q/A
 amendment No. 1
 on September 21
 2017
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Office Lease Agreement dated October 2015
 between UMED Holdings
 Inc. and The Atrium Remains the Same
 LLC
 filed as Exhibit 10.22 to the registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-Q/A
 amendment No. 1
 on September 21
 2017
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Warrant dated October 31
 2015
 for 4
000
000 shares issued to Norman T. Reynolds
 Esq
 filed as Exhibit 10.23 to the registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-Q/A
 amendment No. 1
 on September 21
 2017
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Promissory Note in the amount of $36
000 dated March 8
 2016
 executed by UMED Holdings
 Inc. payable to Peter C. Wilson
 filed as Exhibit 10.24 to the registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-Q/A
 amendment No. 1
 on September 21
 2017
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Convertible Promissory Note in the amount of $224
000 dated May 4
 2016
 executed by UMED Holdings
 Inc. payable to Tonaquint
 Inc.
 filed as Exhibit 10.25 to the registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-Q/A
 amendment No. 1
 on September 21
 2017
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Severance and Release Agreement by and between UMED Holdings
 Inc. and Randy Moseley dated November 11
 2016
 filed as Exhibit 10.26 to the registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-Q/A
 amendment No. 1
 on September 21
 2017
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Settlement and Mutual Release Agreement dated January 13
 2017
 executed by UMED Holdings
 Inc. in connection with Cause No. DC-16-004718
 in the 193rd District Court
 Dallas County
 Texas against Mamaki of Hawaii
 Inc.
 Hawaiian Beverages
 Inc.
 Curtis Borman
 and Lee Jenison
 filed as Exhibit 10.27 to the registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-Q/A
 amendment No. 1
 on September 21
 2017
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Warrant dated February 1
 2017
 for 2
000
000 shares issued to Richard J. Halden
 filed as Exhibit 10.28 to the registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-Q/A
 amendment No. 1
 on September 21
 2017
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Warrant dated February 1
 2017
 for 4
000
000 shares issued to Richard J. Halden
 filed as Exhibit 10.29 to the registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-Q/A
 amendment No. 1
 on September 21
 2017
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Severance and Release Agreement by and between UMED Holdings
 Inc. and Richard Halden dated February 1
 2017
 filed as Exhibit 10.30 to the registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-Q/A
 amendment No. 1
 on September 21
 2017
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Assignment Agreement dated December 27
 2010
 between Melek Mining
 Inc.
 4HM Partners
 LLC
 and UMED Holdings
 Inc.
 filed as Exhibit 10.31 to the registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-Q/A
 amendment No. 1
 on September 21
 2017
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    


        Consultants
 LLC
 as

 2018
 and March 19
 2018
 filed as Exhibit
        10.1 to the registrant&rsquo;s Form 8-K
 on March 21
 2018
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Promissory Note in the amount of $100
000 dated November 13
 2017
 executed by Greenway Technologies
 Inc. payable to Wildcat Consulting Group LLC.

    
Subordinated Convertible Promissory Note in the amount of $166
667 dated December 20
 2017
 executed by Greenway Technologies
 Inc. payable to Tunstall Canyon Group LLC.

    
Warrant dated November 30
 2017 for 1
000
000 shares issued to MTG Holdings
 LTD

    
Greer Family Trust Promissory Note and Settlement. filed at Exhibit 10.34 to the registrant&rsquo;s Form 10K on April 5
 2018
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Warrant dated January 8
 2018 for 4
000
000 shares issued to Kent Harer.

    
Settlement agreement by and between Greenway Technologies
 Inc. and Tonaquint
 Inc. dated April 9
 2018.


    
    




    
Employment agreement with John Olynick
 as President
 dated May 10
 2018.

    
Employment agreement with Ransom Jones
 as Chief Financial Officer
 Secretary and Treasurer
 dated May 10
 2018.

    
Consulting Agreement with Gary L. Ragsdale
 Ph.D.
 P.E.

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
Amendment on July 30
 2014 to that certain Employment Agreement with Raymond Wright dated August 29
 2012

    
Mabert LLC as Agent Loan Agreement dated September 14
 2018

    
Mabert LLC as Agent Security Agreement dated September 14
 2018

    
Texas UCC-1 filed by Mabert LLC as Agent on October 11
 2018
 ending October 10
 2023

    
Rule 11 Agreement
 dated March 6
 2019
 pursuant to a mutual settlement of all claims by Wildcat Consulting
 LLC for the matters in Cause No. 2018-005801 and Cause No. 2018-006416-2
 filed in the County Courts at Law in Tarrant County
 TX on Sept 7
 and September 27
 2018 respectively.

    
Certification of John Olynick
 President of Greenway Technologies
 Inc.
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect;1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

    
Certification of Ransom Jones
 Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of Greenway Technologies
 Inc.
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect;1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

    
Certification of John Olynick
 President and Ransom Jones
 Principal Accounting Officer of Greenway Technologies
 Inc.
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect;1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect;302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

    
Certification of Ransom Jones
 Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of Greenway Technologies
 Inc.
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect;1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.





    
    




of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.

 INC.

 2019.


 President




 Chief Financial Officer and



requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


    
    
    
    
    

    

    
    
    
April 16
 2019

    

    
    
    
April 16
 2019

    

    
    
    
April 16
 2019

    

    
    
    
April 16
 2019

    

    
    
    
April 16
 2019


        
        RAYMOND WRIGHT
        
        
    
Chairman
 President of Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc.
    
April 16
 2019




    
    


INDEX TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

 Inc. and Subsidiaries

 2018




Consolidated Balance Sheets
 December 31
 2018 and December 31
 2017
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31
 2018 and December 31
 2017
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Deficit For the Years Ended December 31
 2018 and December 31
 2017
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31
 2018 and December 31
 21017

&#9;F-6 - F-21


    
    



REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM



 Inc.

 Texas


balance sheets of Greenway Technologies
 Inc.
 including its subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31
 2018 and 2017 and the
related consolidated statements of operations
 changes in stockholders&rsquo; equity (deficit)
 and cash flows for each of the
years in the two-year period ended December 31
 2018
 and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial
statements). In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the consolidated financial
position of the Company as of December 31
 2018 and 2017
 and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for
each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31
 2018
 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America.


have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As of December 31
 2018
 the Company had accumulated
losses of approximately $26.8 million
 a working capital deficit of approximately $4.7 million and may continue to experiences
losses in the near term. These factors and the need for additional financing in order for the Company to meet its business plan
raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plan to continue as a going concern is also
described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of
this uncertainty.


are the responsibility of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s consolidated
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required
to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
 we are
required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such opinion.

to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing
procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and
disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe
that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.


Soles
    Heyn &amp; Company LLP

    
    

    

    
    

Soles
 Heyn &amp; Company

 Florida

    
    


 2019

    
    

GREENWAY TECHNOLOGIES
 INC.

As of December 31
 2018 and 2017




    
    
    


    



    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    

518

    
    
    
    
    

500

    
    
    


    

018

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    

015

    
    
    


    

015

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    

000

    
    
    


    

018

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    

039

    
    
    


    

500

    
    
    

032

    

666
602

    
833

    
    


    

841

    

    
    


    
    

    
    
    


    

760

    
    
    


    
    

    
    
    
    
    

834

    
    
    


    

643

    
    
    

777

    

997
219



    
    
    

000

    
    
    

777

    

081
219

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
 20
000
000 shares authorized
 par value $0.0001
 0 shares issued and outstanding at December 31
 2018 and 2017

    
    
    
    
    

    
000
000 shares authorized
 par value $0.0001
 286
703
915 and 287
681
826 issued and outstanding at December 31
 2018 and 2017

    
    


    

771

    
    
    

100

    

782
630

    
    
    

818

    

623
602)

    
    
    

689

    

812
201)

    
    
    


    

018




part of the consolidated financial statements.


    
    


GREENWAY TECHNOLOGIES
 INC.

For the years ended December 31
 2018 and
2017&nbsp;




    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    

255

    

262
988

    
    


    

052

    
    
    
    
    

    
    

886

    

130
389

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    

886

    

130
389)

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    

933)

    
    


    
    

    
    


    
    

    
    


    

075)

    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    

008)

    
    
    
    
    

    
    

194

    

147
397)

    
    
    
    
    

    
    

194

    

147
397)

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    

638

    

028
802

    
    
    
    
    

    






    
    


GREENWAY TECHNOLOGIES
 INC.

For the years ended December 31
 2018 and
2017





    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

118

    


    

036

    

476

    

416
853)

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

004

    


    

189

    
    
    

191
750

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

346

    
    
    


    
    
    

940

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

856

    


    

965

    
    
    

968
650

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

337

    
    
    


    
    
    

507)

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    

083

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    

133

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

147

    

147
397)

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

681

    


    

782

    

623

    

812
201)

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

655

    
    
    


    
    
    

500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

600

    
    
    


    
    
    

000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    

000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

733

    


    


    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

000

    
    
    


    
    
    

000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    
    

287

    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

194

    

194
982)

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

703

    


    

100

    

818

    

689
396)







of the consolidated financial statements.


    
    

GREENWAY TECHNOLOGIES
 INC.

For the years ended December 31
 2018 and
2017




    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

194

    

147
397)

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    

650
938

    
    
    
    

412
286

    
    
    
    


    

744

    
    
    
    


    
    

    
    
    
    
    

908

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    


    

024)

    
    
    
    
    
    


    

000)

    
    
    


    

765

    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    

    
    
    
    


    
    

    
    
    
    
    


    

000)

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

678

    
    
    
    


    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

289

    

226
753)

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    


    

190)

    
    
    


    

342

    
    
    
    
    


    

000)

    
    
    
    
    

667

    
    
    
    
    
    

754)

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

508)

    
    
    
    


    

191
750

    
    
    

271

    

250
307

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    

554

    
    
    
    
    


    

964

    
    
    
    
    
    


    

518

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    


    
    

    
    
    


    
    

    
    
    
    


    
    



part of the consolidated financial statements.&nbsp;


    
    


GREENWAY TECHNOLOGIES
 INC.

December 31
 2018







 Inc. (&quot;Greenway&rdquo;
or the &quot;Company&quot;) was organized on March 13
 2002 under the laws of the State of Texas as Dynalyst Manufacturing Corporation.&nbsp;&nbsp;On
August 18
 2009
 in connection with a merger with Universal Media Corporation
 a privately held Nevada company
 the Company changed
its name to Universal Media Corporation (&quot;UMC&quot;).&nbsp;&nbsp;The company changed its name to Greenway Technologies
 Inc.
on March 23
 2011.&nbsp;

as a holding company through the acquisition of businesses as wholly-owned subsidiaries that meet some key requirements: (1) solid
management that will not have to be replaced in the near future (2) the ability to grow with steady growth to follow and (3) an
emphasis on emerging core industry markets
 such as energy and&nbsp;metals.&nbsp;&nbsp;It is the Company&rsquo;s intention to add
experienced personnel and select strategic partners to manage and operate the acquired business units.

 the Company acquired
1
440 acres of placer mining claims on Bureau of Land Management land in Mohave County
 Arizona. Due to the Company not producing
any revenues from its BLM mining leases since its acquisition of the leases
 achieving a position of producing cash flow levels
to fund the development of its BLM mining leases in December 2010 and not having current resources for an appraisal
 we recognized
an impairment charge of $100
000 during the year ended December 31
 2014.

 the Company acquired
100% of Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc. (sometimes
 &ldquo;GIE&rdquo;) which owns patents and trade secrets for a proprietary
process and related technology to convert natural gas into synthesis gas (syngas). Syngas is an important intermediate gas used
by industry in the production of ammonia
 methane
 liquid fuels
 and other downstream products. The Company&rsquo;s unique process
is called Fractional Thermal Oxidation&trade; (FTO). When combined with a conventional Fischer-Tropsch (FT) system
 we will be
able to offer a new economical
 relatively small scale (125 to 2
475 bbls/day) method of converting gas-to-liquids (GTL) that can
be located in field locations where needed.

NOTE 2 - BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND GOING
CONCERN UNCERTAINTIES




include the financial statements of Greenway and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. The Company entered into an agreement with Jet
Regulators at December to return its ownership interest for the return of 300
000 shares of the Company's common stock. All significant
inter-company accounts and transactions were eliminated in consolidation.


include the accounts of the following entities:



    
    
    
    
    
    

Greenway Technologies
 Inc.
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc.
    
    
    
    
    

Logistix Technology Systems
 Inc.
    
    
    
    
    





    
    




statements have been prepared on a going concern basis
 which contemplates realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities
in the normal course of business. As shown in the accompanying consolidated financial statements
 the Company sustained a loss
of approximately $3.2 million for the year ended December 31
 2018 and has a working capital deficiency of approximately $4.7 million
and liabilities in excess of assets of approximately $2.7 million at December 31
 2017. The ability of the Company to continue
as a going concern is in doubt and dependent upon achieving a profitable level of operations or on the ability of the Company to
obtain necessary financing to fund ongoing operations. Management believes that its current and future plans enable it to continue
as a going concern for the next twelve months.

statements do not include any adjustment to the recorded assets or liabilities that might be necessary should the Company have
to curtail operations or be unable to continue in existence.


presentation of the consolidated financial statements are as follows.


cost. Major additions and improvements are capitalized. The cost and related accumulated depreciation of equipment retired or sold
are removed from the accounts and any differences between the undepreciated amount and the proceeds from the sale or salvage value
are recorded as a gain or loss on sale of equipment. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated
useful life of the assets.


of long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable
 in accordance
with Accounting Standards Codification
 ASC Topic 360

 Plant and Equipment
is considered impaired if its carrying amount exceeds the undiscounted future net cash flow the asset or asset group is expected
to generate.&nbsp;&nbsp;If an asset or asset group is considered impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount
by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds its fair value.&nbsp;&nbsp;If estimated fair value is less than the book value
the asset is written down to the estimated fair value and an impairment loss is recognized.



guidance on the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers in May 2014 with amendments in 2015 and 2016. Revenue recognition
will depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity
expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance also requires disclosures regarding the nature
 amount
timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The guidance permits two methods of adoption:
retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented
 or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying the
guidance recognized at the date of initial application (the cumulative catch-up transition method). The company adopted the guidance
on January 1
 2018 and applied the cumulative catch-up transition method. The transition adjustment to be recorded to stockholders&rsquo;
equity upon adoption of the new standard did not have a material effect upon the financial statements.


to date
 generated any revenues.


    
    



The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenue and expenses during the reported
period.&nbsp;&nbsp;Actual results could differ materially from the estimates.


investments purchased with an original maturity of three-months or less to be cash equivalents.&nbsp;&nbsp;There were no cash equivalents
at December 31
 2018
 or December 31
 2017.


in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 &ldquo;Income Taxes
&rdquo; which requires that the Company recognize deferred tax liabilities
and assets based on the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities
using enacted tax rates in effect in the years the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred income tax benefit (expense) results
from the change in net deferred tax assets or deferred tax liabilities. A valuation allowance is recorded when it is more likely
than not that some or all deferred tax assets will not be realized.

. The ASC clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income
taxes recognized in an enterprise&rsquo;s financial statements.&nbsp;&nbsp;The ASC prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement
attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
ASC provides guidance on de-recognition
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure and
transition.&nbsp;&nbsp;Open tax years
 subject to IRS examination include 2014 &ndash; 2017.
Net Loss Per Share
 basic and diluted

by dividing net loss available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period.
Shares issuable upon the exercise of warrants (17
265
893) have been excluded as a common stock equivalent in the diluted loss
per share because their effect would be anti-dilutive.


instruments in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 815


establishes accounting and reporting standards for derivative instruments
 including certain derivative instruments embedded in
other contracts
 and for hedging activities.&nbsp;&nbsp;They require that an entity recognize all derivatives as either assets
or liabilities in the balance sheet and measure those instruments at fair value.

 a derivative
may be specifically designated as a hedge
 the objective of which is to match the timing of gain or loss recognition on the hedging
derivative with the recognition of (i) the changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to
the hedged risk or (ii) the earnings effect of the hedged forecasted transaction. For a derivative not designated as a hedging
instrument
 the gain or loss is recognized in income in the period of change.

payable and warrants.


    
    





 2008
 fair value
measurements are determined by the Company&rsquo;s adoption of authoritative guidance issued by the FASB
 with the exception of
the application of the statement to non-recurring
 non-financial assets and liabilities
 as permitted. Fair value is defined in
the authoritative guidance as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the principal
or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date. A fair value hierarchy was established
 which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value into three levels as follows:

quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

observable inputs (other than level one prices)
 quoted market prices for similar assets such as at the measurement date; quoted
prices in the market that are not active; or other inputs that are observable
 either directly or indirectly.

are supported by little or no market activity
 therefore requiring management&rsquo;s best estimate of what market participants
would use as fair value.


the Company provides the debt holder with an original issue discount (&ldquo;OID&rdquo;).&nbsp;&nbsp;An OID is the difference between
the original cash proceeds and the amount of the note upon maturity. The Note is originally recorded for the total amount payable.
The OID is amortized into interest expense pro-rata over the term of the Note.

of the fair value measurement is based on inputs from different levels of the fair value hierarchy
 the level in the fair value
hierarchy within which the entire fair value measurement falls is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
value measurement in its entirety. The Company&rsquo;s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement
in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the asset or liability. The valuation of the Company&rsquo;s
notes recorded at fair value is determined using Level 3 inputs
 which consider (i) time value
 (ii) current market and (iii) contractual
prices.

and liabilities
 such as cash and cash equivalents
 receivables
 accounts payable
 notes payable and other payables
 approximate
their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments.

and liabilities by level measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31
 2018 and 2017:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
103
476
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
105
643
    


are measured on the balance sheets at fair value on a recurring basis utilizing significant unobservable inputs or Level 3 assumptions
in their valuation. The following tables provide a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of the liabilities:


measured at fair value on a recurring basis and classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy are recognized in other interest
income&nbsp;and expense in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.


    
    


&nbsp;The change in the notes payable at fair value for the year
ended December 31
 2018
 is as follows:



    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
January 1
 

    
    

    
    

    
    
    
December 31
 2018

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(105
643
    
    
    
(2
167
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(103
476
    




Codification subtopic 718-10
 (&ldquo;ASC 718-10&rdquo;) which requires that all share-based payments to both
employees and non-employees be recognized in the income statement based on their fair values.

 2018
 the Company did not have any outstanding
stock options.


which potentially subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash. The Company places its cash with
high credit quality institutions.&nbsp;&nbsp;At times
 such&nbsp;deposits may be in excess of the FDIC insurance limit.


development costs in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification subtopic 730-10
 (&ldquo;ASC
730-10&rdquo;). Under ASC 730-10
 all research and development costs must be charged to expense as incurred. Accordingly
 internal
research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Third-party research and development costs are expensed when the contracted
work has been performed or as milestone results have been achieved as defined under the applicable agreement. Company-sponsored
research and development costs related to both present and future products are expensed in the period incurred. The Company incurred
research and development expenses of $630
518 and $867
052 during the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.


by the Company at market values.



guidance on the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers in May 2014 with amendments in 2015 and 2016. Revenue recognition
will depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity
expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance also requires disclosures regarding the nature
 amount
timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The guidance permits two methods of adoption:
retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented
 or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially applying the
guidance recognized at the date of initial application (the cumulative catch-up transition method). The company adopted the guidance
on January 1
 2018 and applied the cumulative catch-up transition method. The transition adjustment to be recorded to stockholders&rsquo;
equity upon adoption of the new standard was not material.

other recently issued
 but not yet effective accounting pronouncements
 if adopted
 would have a material effect on the accompanying
consolidated financial statements.


    
    

NOTE 4 &ndash; PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT


 plant and equipment
 their estimated useful lives
 and
related accumulated depreciation at December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively
 are summarized as follows:


    
        
        
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
032
    
    
    
2
032
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
983
    
    
    
1
983
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
015
    
    
    
4
015
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(4
015
    
    
    
(4
015
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Depreciation expense for the year ended December 31
 2018 and 2017.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





 2018
and 2017;


    
    
    
    
    

        
        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Secured notes payable at 18% per annum related to the Mabert LLC as Agent Loan Agreement dated September 14
 2018 for up to $1
500
000 (1)
    
    
728
869
    
    
    
    
    

Unsecured note payable at 10% per annum dated November 13
 2017 to a corporation at $10
000 lump sum interest at maturity on February 28
 2018
 with an amended due date of March 1
 2020
    
    
100
000
    
    
    
100
000
    

Unsecured note payable at 4.5% per annum dated December 28
 2017 to a corporation
 payable on January 8
 2018 and 2019 (2)
    
    
166
667
    
    
    
51
342
    

&nbsp;Unsecured note payable at 4.0% per annum dated January 16
 2018 to a trust
 payable January 16
 2020 (3)
    
    
144
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
1
139
536
    
    
    
253
842
    





    
    
    


September 14
 2018
 the Company entered into a loan agreement with Mabert LLC
 an entity owned by a director and stockholder
 Kevin
Jones
 for the purpose of funding working capital and general corporate expenses up to $1
500
000 for the Company. Mabert is acting
as the agent for various private lenders to the Company and has loaned $728
869 through December 31
 2018. The loan is secured
and Mabert filed a UCC-1 with the State of Texas. The Loan Agreement
 Security Agreement and UCC-1filing are attached hereto as
Exhibits 10.48&ndash;10.50. The Company agreed to issue warrants for Class A common stock valued at $0.01 per share on a 3.67:1
and/or 2:1 basis for each dollar borrowed. For the year ended December 31
 2018
 the Company issued 1
624
404 warrants. Of this
number
 766
667 warrants were converted to common stock in January 2019.

loan is in default. By its terms
 the cash interest payable increased to 18% per annum on December 20
 2018 and continues at such
rate until the default is cured or is paid at term.

loan is in default. By its terms
 the cash interest payable increased to 18% per annum on April 1
 2018 and continues at such rate
until the default is cured or is paid at term.








    
    




667 convertible promissory
note bearing interest at 4.50% per annum to an accredited investor
 payable in equal installments of $6
000 commencing February
1
 2018 plus interest at rate of 4% per annum on December 20
 2018 and $80
000 plus accrued interest on December 20
 2019.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
holder has the right to convert the note into common stock of the Company at a conversion price of $0.08 per share for each one
dollar of cash payment which may be due (which would be 1
083
333 shares for the $86
667 payment and 1
000
000 shares for the $80
000
payment. As of December 20
 2018
 a material event of default has occurred. The holder has the right but has not noticed the Company
of its intent to convert.

convertible note in accordance with ASC 815-40
 Contracts in Entity&rsquo;s Own Equity
 and concluded that the Convertible Note
did not resulted in a derivative. The Company evaluated the terms of the convertible note and concluded that there was a beneficial
conversion feature since the convertible note was convertible into shares of common stock at a discount to the market value of
the common stock. The discount related to the beneficial conversion feature on the note was valued at $27
083 based on the $0.013
difference between the market price of $0.093 and the conversion price of $0.08 times the 2
083
325 conversion shares. As a result
of the event of default
 the discount related to the beneficial conversion feature has been extinguished for the balance of 2018
and until the event of default is cured or the note is converted to common shares.&nbsp;


    
    
    


000 convertible promissory
note bearing interest at 4.50% per annum to an accredited investor
 payable in equal installments of $6
000 plus accrued interest
until the principal and accrued interest are paid in full.&nbsp;&nbsp;The holder has the right to convert the note into common
stock of the Company at a conversion price of equal to 70% of the prior twenty (20) days average closing market price of the Company&rsquo;s
common stock.&nbsp;As of April 1
 2018
 a material event of default has occurred. The holder has the right but has not noticed
the Company of its intent to convert.
The Company
evaluated the terms of the convertible note in accordance with ASC 815-40
 Contracts in Entity&rsquo;s Own Equity
 and concluded
that the Convertible Note resulted in a derivative. The Company evaluated the terms of the convertible note and concluded that
there was a beneficial conversion feature since the convertible note was convertible into shares of common stock at a discount
The discount of $58
595 related to the beneficial
conversion feature is being amortized over the term of the debt. The discount related to the beneficial conversion feature on the
note was valued at $150
. During the year ended December 31
 2018
 the remaining
The derivative liability for this note at December 2018 was
$103
476
 computed as follows. This note is in default and the terms are being renegotiated between the parties.



    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    
    

    
    

    
    


NOTE 7 &ndash; MAY 4
 2016 CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE



 2016
 the Company issued a
$224
000 convertible promissory note bearing interest at 10.0% per annum to an accredited investor
 payable beginning November
10
 2016
 in monthly installments of $44
800 plus accrued interest and a cash premium equal to 10.0% of the installment amount.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
convertible promissory note was paid in full on March 4
 2017. &nbsp;The holder had the right under certain circumstances to convert
the note into common stock of the Company at a conversion price equal to 70% of the average of the 3 lowest volume weighted average
trading prices during the 20-day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date.

convertible note in accordance with ASC 815-40
 Contracts in Entity&rsquo;s Own Equity
 and concluded that the Convertible Note
resulted in a derivative. The Company evaluated the terms of the convertible note and concluded that there was a beneficial conversion
feature since the convertible note was convertible into shares of common stock at a discount to the market value of the common
stock.


    
    


conversion feature on the note was valued at $224
. The discount related to the beneficial
conversion feature ($51
829) was amortized over the term of the debt (10 months).&nbsp;&nbsp;For the year ended December 31
 2017
the Company recognized interest expense of $9
327 related to the amortization of the discount.

000 note
 the
Company recorded debt issue cost and discount as follows:


    
    
$20
000 original issue discount and $4
000 debt issue cost
 which was amortized over 10 months
 with amortization of $4
000 for twelve-months ended December 31
 2017.




    
    
The convertible promissory note was paid in full on March 10
 2017
 reducing the embedded derivative for the 2016 beneficial conversion right to zero at December 31
 2017.




    
    
    





 2018
and 2017;


    
    
    
    
    

        
        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
328
157
    
    
    
249
500
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
330
000
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
180
000
    

    
    
    
356
078
    
    
    
12
000
    

    
    
    
118
334
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
50
598
    
    
    
7
260
    

    
    
    
853
167
    
    
    
778
760
    





000
000
shares of class A common stock with a par value of $.0001 per share and 20
000
000 shares of class B stock with a par value of
$.0001 per share.&nbsp;&nbsp;Each Class A common stock share has one voting right; the Class B common shares do not have voting
rights
 but retain a preferential right to dividends
 if and when declared by the Board of Directors.




 2018
 there were 286
703
915
shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding.


 2018
 the
Company: issued 5
655
253 shares of restricted Class A common stock to 22 individuals through private placements for cash of $$601
517
at average of $0.106 per share.



000 shares of restricted common stock for consulting services
of $838





000
000 of restricted common stock to one shareholder in settlement
of a shareholder obligation for a total value of $330





600
000 of restricted common stock to one shareholder in settlement
of a debt that had warrants attached. The total was a value of $208





733





    
    


 20187
 there were 287
681
826
shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding.

 201
 the
Company: issued 21
004
716shares of restricted class A common stock to sixty-five individuals through private placements for cash
of $2
191
750 at average of $0.104 per share.



356
666 shares of restricted common stock for consulting services
of $838





346
000 of restricted common stock to eight shares in settlement
of Shareholder disputes for a total value of $898





500
000 shares of restricted class A common stock to five
directors and valued the shares at $0.14 per share for a total value of $4
130


337



issued 693
932 shares of class A stock in exchange for 126
938 class
B shares.





 2018 and 2017
 there were 0
and 0 shares of Class B stock issued and outstanding
 respectively.


 2017
 the Company; exchanged
630
000 shares of Class A common stock for 62
986 Class B shares with a shareholder who held Class B shares from the 2009 merger
agreement between the Company and Dynalyst Manufacturing Corporation which set a conversion rate of 15 to 1. The Company negotiated
the 630
000 shares when the Class B shareholder elected to convert.



932 shares of Class A common stock for 63
932
Class B shares with shareholders who acquired the class B shares after the 2009 merger agreement between the Company and Dynalyst




 2016
 the Company issued
15
000
000 shares of Class A shares in exchange for 15
000
000 Class B shares issued in 2011.

Stock options
 warrants and other rights


 2018
 the Company has not adopted any employee stock
option plans.

 2017
 the Company issued
6
000
000 warrants (4
000
000 at $0.35 for two years and 2
000
000 at $0.45 for three years) as part of a separation agreement
with a co-founder and former president. The Company valued the warrants as of March 31
 2017
 at $639

Model
 expected volatility rate of 455%
 expected conversion term of two and three years
and risk-free interest rate of 1.75%.

 2017
 the Company issued
1
000
000 warrants at $0.30 for three years as part of a settlement of a shareholder dispute with MTG Holdings
 Inc. The Company
valued the warrants as of December 31
 2017
 at $95
 with expected dividend rate of 0%
expected volatility rate of 116%
 expected conversion term of two and three years and risk-free interest rate of 1.37%. These warrants
were extinguished in the comprehensive settlement agreement reached in March 2019. See Subsequent Events Note 14.

 2018
 the Company issued
4
000
000 warrants at a purchase price of $0.15 per share to a director
 Kent Harer
 in exchange for his return of 3
000
000 shares
of Class A common stock he had been prior granted. The 3
000
000 shares issued were valued and recorded for $490
000 during 2017.
The value of $490
000 remained on the books as it reflects the event that occurred in 2017. The warrants shall be void and of
no effect and all rights thereunder shall cease at 5:00 pm
 Fort Worth
 Texas time on January 8
 202


    
    


Agreement described herein above
 the Company issued a combined total of 1
624
404 warrants at a purchase price of $0.01 per share
for fifteen (15) years in the two quarters ending December 31
 2018. In the third quarter ending September 30
 2018
 the Company
issued 366
667 warrants. In the fourth quarter
 the Company issued 1
257
737 warrants
 including 1
057
737 warrants to Kevin Jones
a director
 and his spouse for loans they each separately made totaling $428
868 and $100
000 respectively
 and 200
000 warrants
to a third-party lender. All such warrants
 excluding Mr. Jones&rsquo;
 were converted to common stock in January 2019.




 2018
 Shareholders
 including Kevin
Jones
 a director and greater than 5% shareholder
 made loans and advances to the Company in the amount of $878
869
 of which
$728
869 was made through Mabert
 LLC a company that Mr. Jones controls
 as compared to $219
509 (Tunstall Canyon Group $166
667
Kevin Jones $51
342 and Pat Six $1
500) through December 31
 2017. During the year ended December 31
 2107
 a shareholder and
former president and director
 Richard Halden purchased 2
250
000 shares of class A common stock for $225
000 ($0.010 per shares
and Kevin Jones received repayment of a prior $59
690 loan.


a properly called special meeting of the board of directors
 on September 14
 2018 Mabert
 LLC
 a Texas Limited Liability Company
owned by a director and stockholder
 Kevin Jones and his wife Christine Early
 entered into a loan agreement for the purpose of
funding working capital and general corporate expenses up to $1
500
000 for the Company. Mabert is acting as the agent for the
lenders to the Company. The Company bylaws provide no bar from transactions with Interested Directors
 so long as the interested
party does not vote on such transaction. Mr. Jones did not vote on this transaction. Since the inception of the Loan Agreement
a total of $$728
869 has been loaned to the Company by four shareholder individuals
 including Mr. Jones through Mabert
 LLC.


 Mr. Jones along with his wife and his company
have loaned $528
869
 and two other shareholders have loaned the balance. These loans are secured by the assets of the Company.
A financing statement and UCC-1 have been filed according to Texas statutes. Should a default under the loan agreement occur
there could be a foreclosure or a bankruptcy proceeding filed by the Agent for these Shareholders. The actions of the Company
in case of default can only be determined by the Shareholders. A foreclosure sale or distribution through bankruptcy could only
result in the creditors receiving a pro rata payment based upon the terms of the loan agreement. Mabert did not nor will it receive
compensation for its efforts.


 2017
 affiliate
shareholders made loans and advances to the Company in the amounts of $219
509 (Tunstall Canyon Group $166
667
 Kevin Jones $51
342
and Pat Six $1
500) during the year ended December 31
 2017.&nbsp;Also during the year ended December 31
 2107
 a former director
president and greater than 5% shareholder Richard Halden purchased 2
250
000 shares of class A common stock for $225
000 ($0.010
per share) and Kevin Jones received repayment of a prior $59
690 loan.




 2018 and 2017
 the Company
had approximately $3.2 million and approximately $9.5 million
 respectively
 of net operating losses (&quot;NOL&quot;) carry forwards
for federal and state income tax purposes.&nbsp;&nbsp;These losses are available for future years and expire through 2035.&nbsp;&nbsp;Utilization
of these losses may be severely or completely limited if the Company undergoes an ownership change pursuant to Internal Revenue
Code Section 382.&nbsp;&nbsp;


of the following components for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





    
    


expense at the federal statutory rate of 21% for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017 the Company's effective rate is as
follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State tax
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




statements consist of the following amounts at December 31
 2018 and December 31
 2017:&nbsp;


    
    
    
    
    

        
        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
19
598
855
    
    
    
16
403
873
    

    
    
    
438
834
    
    
    
821
572
    

    
    
    
50
000
    
    
    
2
900
734
    

    
    
    
826
166
    
    
    
581
639
    

    
    
    
20
949
855
    
    
    
20
707
818
    

    
    
    
(20
949
855
    
    
    
(20
707
818
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



037
and $12
784
855 for the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 respectively.&nbsp; The Company has recorded a 100% valuation allowance
related to the deferred tax asset for the loss from operations
 interest expense
 interest income and other income subsequent to
the change in ownership
 which amounted to $26
818
584 and $23
623
602 at December 31
 2018 and 2017 respectively.&nbsp;&nbsp;


    
    
    


Company&rsquo;s net operating losses may be subject to substantial annual limitation if the Company experiences a 50% change in
ownership
 as provided by the Internal Revenue Code and similar state provisions. Such an ownership change would substantially
increase the possibility of net operating losses expiring before complete utilization.


is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible.
Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities
 historical taxable income including available net operating
loss carry forwards to offset taxable income
 and projected future taxable income in making this assessment.






 the Company entered into employment
agreements with Ray Wright
 president of Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc.
 now chairman of the board for a term of 5 years with
compensation of $90
000 per year. In July 2014
 the president's employment agreement was amended to increase his annual pay to
$180
000.&nbsp;By its terms
 the employment agreement automatically renewed on August 12
 2018 for a successive one-year period.
During the years ended December 31
 2018 and 2017
 the Company paid and accrued a total of $180
000 and $180
000
 respectively
for the annual compensation payments
 as well as accrued an additional $435
000 as an adjustment for prior periods not correctly
accounted for.


    
    


 2018
the Company entered into employment agreements with John Olynick
 as President and Ransom Jones
 as Chief Financial Officer
 respectively.
The terms and conditions of their employment agreements are identical. John Olynick
 as President earns a salary of $120
000 per
year. Ransom Jones
 as Chief Financial Officer
 earns a salary of $120
000 per year. Mr. Jones also serves as the Company&rsquo;s
Secretary and Treasurer. During each year that their Agreements are in effect
 they are each entitled to receive a bonus (&ldquo;Bonus&rdquo;)
equal to at least Thirty-Five Thousand Dollars ($35
000) per year. They are also entitled to certain additional stock grants based
on the performance of the Company during the term of their employment. They are each entitled to a grant of common stock (the &ldquo;Stock
Grant&rdquo;) on the Effective Date equal to 250
000 shares each of the Company&rsquo;s Common Stock
 par value $.0001 per share
(the &ldquo;Common Stock&rdquo;)
 such shares vesting immediately. They are also entitled to participate in the Company&rsquo;s
benefit plans.

of the Employment Agreements is qualified in its entirety by reference to the actual true and correct Employment Agreements
 copies
of which are attached hereto as Exhibit 10.39 and 10.40.

Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc. (&ldquo;GIE&rdquo;)
 the Company agreed to: (i) issue an additional 7
500
000 shares of restricted
common stock when the first portable GTL unit is built and becomes operational
 and
 is capable of producing 2
000 barrels of diesel
or jet fuel per day
 and (ii) pay a 2% royalty on all gross production sales on each unit placed in production. In connection with
a settlement agreement with the Greer Family Trust (&lsquo;Trust&rdquo;)
 the successor owner of one of the two founders and prior
owners of GIE on February 6
 2018
 the Company exchanged Greer&rsquo;s half of the 7
500
000 shares (3
750
000 shares) to be issued
in the future
 Greer&rsquo;s half of the 2% royalty
 a termination of Greer&rsquo;s then current Employment Agreement and the Trust's
waiver of any future claims against the Company for any reason
 for the issuance and delivery to the Trust of three million (3
000
000)
restricted shares of the Company&rsquo;s common stock
 and a Promissory Note for $150
000. As a result
 only 3
750
000 shares are
committed to be later issued under the original 2012 acquisition agreement. A copy of the Settlement Agreement and Promissory Note
is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.36.



    
    





 2018
 the Company entered into
a consulting agreement with an individual
 Gary L. Ragsdale
 Ph.D.
 P.E.
 to provide research and development support of the Company&rsquo;s
GTL technology development
 including but not limited to chemical modeling and simulations
 operational validation
 operating plant
forecasts
 ancillary product analysis and general technical advisory services. Terms include payment of billable time at $40.00
per hour
 plus approved expenses
 retroactive to January 1
 2017. The term of the agreement is indefinite
 unless otherwise terminated
with written notice by the parties. Dr. Ragsdale continues to provide services to the Company under the current agreement.


 2018
 the Company entered into
a consulting agreement with an individual
 John Olynick
 to provide general advisory services
 including but not limited to advice
and support for funding discussions
 creation of presentations
 document and contract preparation. Terms include payment of billable
time at $40.00 per hour
 plus approved expenses
 retroactive to January 1
 2017. The term of the agreement is indefinite
 unless
otherwise terminated with written notice by the parties. This agreement was terminated on May 10
 2018 when Mr. Olynick was engaged
as President of Greenway.


 2018
 the Company entered into
a consulting agreement with an individual
 Mark A. Zoellers
 to provide general advisory services
 including but not limited to
document and contract preparation
 creation of presentations
 photography and technical document review. Terms include payment
of billable time at $40.00 per hour
 plus approved expenses
 retroactive to January 1
 2017. The term of the agreement is indefinite
unless otherwise terminated with written notice by the parties. Mr. Zoellers continues to provide services to the Company under
the current agreement.


 2018
 the Company entered into
a consulting agreement with an individual
 Paul R. Alfano via Alfano Consulting Services
 to provide board and senior management
advice
 including but not limited to corporate strategy
 SEC adherence
 sales and marketing strategies
 document and presentation
preparation and fund-raising support. Terms include payment of billable time at $40.00 per hour
 plus approved expenses
 retroactive
to January 1
 2017. The term of the agreement is indefinite
 unless otherwise terminated with written notice by the parties. Mr.
Alfano continues to provide services to the Company under the current agreement.


 2018
 the Company entered into
a consulting agreement with an individual
 Peter J. Hauser
 to provide general advisory services
 including but not limited to
public relations
 press release preparation
 photography
 document preparation and editing. Terms include payment of billable time
at $40.00 per hour
 plus approved expenses
 retroactive to January 1
 2017. The term of the agreement is indefinite
 unless otherwise
terminated with written notice by the parties. Mr. Hauser was a member of the Company&rsquo;s board of directors from May 10
 2018
until his resignation March 8
 2019 and continues to provide services to the Company under the current agreement.


 2018
 the Company entered into
a consulting agreement with an individual
 William N. Campbell
 to sales and marketing support for the Company&rsquo;s GTL technology
including but not limited to sales prospecting and presentation
 document preparation
 editing and making presentations
 along
with general technical advisory services. Terms include payment of billable time at $40.00 per hour
 plus approved expenses
 retroactive
to January 1
 2017. The term of the agreement is indefinite
 unless otherwise terminated with written notice by the parties. Mr.
Campbell continues to provide services to the Company under the current agreement.


 2017
 the Company entered
into a one-year consulting agreement with an individual
 Ryan Turner
 to provide business development services
 including but not
limited to enhanced digital marketing
 assistance with shareholder communications and help in establishing industry relationships.
Terms included monthly payments of $5
000 per month
 plus approved expenses. After the first twelve-month initial term
 the agreement
was automatically renewable for successive twelve-month terms
 unless otherwise terminated with written notice by the parties
and was subsequently renewed for an additional term. Mr. Turner continues to provide services to the Company under the current
agreement.


described above are qualified in their entirety by reference to the actual true and correct Consulting Agreements
 copies of which
are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.41 through 10.47.



    
    


 2017
 the Company entered into
a three-year consulting agreement with Chisos Equity Consultants
 LLC for public relations
 consulting and corporate communications
services. The initial payment was 1
800
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s restricted common stock. Additional payments upon the
Company&rsquo;s common stock reaching certain price points as follows;



000 shares at the time the Company&rsquo;s common stock reaches $0.25 per share during


000 shares at the time the Company&rsquo;s common stock reaches $0.45 per share during


000
000 shares at the time the Company&rsquo;s common stock reaches $0.90 per share during


000
000 shares at the time the Company&rsquo;s common stock reaches $1.50 per share during


000
000 shares at the time the Company&rsquo;s common stock reaches $2.00 per share during


000000 shares at the time the Company&rsquo;s common stock reaches $10.00 per share during




the Board of Directors of the Company on June 22
 2018 voted to terminate the Agreement. Based on the termination
 all warrants
to purchase the Company&rsquo;s common stock were cancelled.


 2017
 the Company entered into
a six-month consulting agreement with MBK Consulting LLC (&ldquo;MBK&rdquo;) for the provision of general corporate management
and public company governance support
 including assistance in and providing guidance for raising capital. Terms included monthly
payments of $10
000 per month
 plus approved expenses. After the first six-months initial term
 the agreement was automatically
renewable for successive six-moth terms
 unless otherwise terminated with written notice by the parties
 and was subsequently renewed
for an additional term. The agreement on its current terms was mutually ended as of December 2018. MBK continues to provide services
to the Company on a month-to-month and as-needed basis.




 the
Company entered into a two-year lease for approximately 1
800 square feet a base rate of $2
417 per month. For the years ended
December 31
 2018
 and 2017
 the Company expensed $17
995 and $26
992 respectively. The Company terminated the lease effective
August 31
 2018 and has no further financial obligations under the lease.

600 square feet of office space at 1521 North Cooper St.
 Suite 205
 Arlington
 Texas 76011
 at a rate of $957 per month.&nbsp;
The
pays approximately $11
600 in annual maintenance
fees on its Arizona BLM mining leases
 in addition to 10% royalties based on production.


a co-defendant in an action brought against the Company and Mamaki Tea
 Inc.
 alleging
 among other things
 that the Company was
named as a co-guarantor on an $850
000 foreclosed note. On April 22
 2016
 Greenway Technologies filed suit under Cause No. DC-16-004718
in the 193rd District Court
 Dallas County
 Texas against Mamaki of Hawaii
 Inc. (&ldquo;Mamaki&rdquo;)
 Hawaiian Beverages
 Inc.(&ldquo;HBI&rdquo;)
Curtis Borman and Lee Jenison for breach of a Stock Purchase Agreement dated October 29
 2015
 wherein the Company sold its shares
in Mamaki to HBI for $700
000 (along with the assumption of certain debt). The Company maintained its guaranty on the original
loan as a component of the sale transaction. The Defendants failed to make payments of $150
000 each on November 30
 2015
 December
28
 2015 and January 27
 2016. On January 13
 2017
 the parties executed a Settlement and Mutual Release Agreement (Agreement).
However
 the Defendants again defaulted in their payment obligations under this new Agreement. Curtis Borman and Lee Jennison were
co-guarantors of the obligations of Mamaki and HBI. To secure their guaranties
 each of Curtis Borman and Lee Jennsion posted 1
241
500
and 1
000
000 shares
 respectively
 of the Company. Under the Agreement
 the shares were valued at $.20. Due to the default under
the Agreement
 these shares were returned to the Company&rsquo;s treasury


    
    


filed for bankruptcy and the property was liquidated for $600
000
 applied against the prior loan amount
 leaving a remaining guaranteed
loan payment balance of approximately $700
000
 including accrued interest and legal fees. The Company is currently in negotiations
with the note holders and anticipates a positive resolution.

 2108
 the Company
and Tonaquint
 Inc. agreed to settle on Tonaquint&rsquo;s exercise of a warrant option with a one-time issuance from Greenway Technologies
of 1
600
000 shares of our common stock subject to a weekly leak out restriction equal to the greater of $10
000.00 and 8% of the
weekly trading volume. Further
 the issuance of stock was completed in connection with a legal opinion pursuant to Rule 144.

LLC (&ldquo;Wildcat&rdquo;) filed a civil lawsuit against Greenway Technologies
 Inc. on September 27
 2018 for an alleged breach
of contract. The Company answered the lawsuit and asserted a number of affirmative defenses. The Company settled all claims with
Wildcat and its principal
 Marshall Gleason in the first quarter of 2019. See Subsequent Events Note 14.

there are claims that may be asserted against it by Richard Halden
 a dissident shareholder
 and Chisos Equity Consultants
 LLC
which is a company that may be controlled by Halden. These claims
 if they are asserted will be vigorously defended by the Company.


    
    




 2018
Wildcat Consulting Group
 LLC (&ldquo;Wildcat&rdquo;)
 a company controlled by a shareholder
 filed suit against the Company alleging
claims arising from a Consulting Agreement between the Parties
 seeking to recover monetary damages
 interest
 court costs
 and
attorney's fees. On September 27
 2018
 Wildcat filed a second suit against the Company alleging claims arising from a Promissory
Note between the Parties
 seeking to recover monetary damages
 interest
 court costs
 and attorney's fees. On February 13
 2019
the Parties attended mediation which resulted in settlement discussions which resulted in a Rule 11 Agreement settling both disputes.
Pursuant to the Rule 11 Agreement
 the Parties have agreed to abate this case until the earlier of a default of the performance
of the Rule 11 Agreement or October 30
 2019. The Rule 11 Agreement causes and allows the Parties time to draft and sign a Compromise
Settlement and Mutual Release Agreement (&ldquo;Settlement Agreement&rdquo;)
 to make payments due on or before October 15
 2019
and to allow for the transfer of stock to effectuate the terms of the Rule 11 Agreement. As of the date of this report
 the Company
is in compliance with the Rule 11 Agreement
 and the Parties have exchanged drafts of the Settlement Agreement to be completed
before the abatement period ends. The material terms of the Rule 11 Agreement are as follows:

The Company will execute a new Promissory Note to replace the original
Promissory Note
 effective November 13
 2017
 the effective date of the original note. The new Promissory Note has a maturity date
of March 1
 2020 and provides for four equal payments of principal through such date
 and accrued interest at 10% upon maturity.


The Company shall pay $300
000 in settlement of the prior Consulting
Agreement in 60 installments of $5
000 each month
 until paid in full.

The Parties agreed to amend the existing Overriding Royalty Agreement
(&ldquo;ORRI&rdquo;) between the Company&rsquo;s wholly-owned subsidiary
 Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc. (&ldquo;GIE&rdquo;)
increasing Wildcat&rsquo;s royalties from .25% (1/4 of 1%) to .375% (3/8 of 1%).

The Company shall pay Wildcat&rsquo;s legal fees related to these
matters
 capped at $60
000
 in three installments of $20
000 on June 1
 August 1
 and October 1
 2019.

The Company shall issue 1
500
000 restricted shares of its Class
A common stock on or before October 15
 2019
 in consideration of the Promissory Note
 in exchange for extinguishment of all prior
granted warrants and to complete the grant of 1
000
000 shares not received from a prior transaction. Such shares were valued at
$120
000 and accrued for the year ended December 31
 2018.

timely performs through October 15
 2019
 the Parties will file a Joint Motion for Dismissal and present Agreed Orders of Dismissal
with prejudice for both lawsuits. A copy of the Rule 11 Agreement is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.52.

 2019
the Company issued 766
667 shares of restricted Class A common stock for the conversion of the warrants granted under the terms
of the Mabert Loan Agreement.


 2019 the Company filed a verified
petition for Declaratory Judgement
 Ex Parte Application for a Temporary Restraining Order and Application for Injunctive Relief
against the members of the Greenway Shareholders Committee in Dallas County. A Temporary Restraining Order was issued by the court
enjoining the Defendants (and their officers
 agents
 servants
 employees and attorneys) and those persons in active concert or
participation from; holding the special shareholders meeting on April 4
 2019 or calling such meeting to order; attending or participating
in the Special Meeting; voting the shares of Plaintiff owned by any Defendant at the Special Meeting
 either directly or by granting
a proxy to allow a non-defendant to vote said shares; voting any shares of Plaintiff owned by non-defendants with or by proxy at
the Special Meeting; and serving as chairman at the Special Meeting. On April 8
 2019
 the court issued a Temporary Injunction
against the dissident shareholders who received notice. The Injunction will continue until the trial date of December 10
 2019.





    
    





SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002

Annual Report on Form 10-K of Greenway Technologies
 Inc. for the fiscal year ending December 31
 2018
 I
 John Olynick
 President
and chief executive of Greenway Technologies
 Inc.
 hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 to the best of my knowledge and belief
 that:

Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31
 2018
 fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31
 2018
 fairly presents
 in all
material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of Greenway Technologies
 Inc.

 2019.


 President



    
    







SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002

the accompanying Annual Report on Form 10-K of Greenway Technologies
 Inc. for the fiscal year ending December 31
 2018
 I
 Ransom
Jones
 Chief Financial Officer of Greenway Technologies
 Inc.
 hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant
to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 to the best of my knowledge and belief
 that:

Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31
 2018
 fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31
 2018
 fairly presents
 in all
material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of Greenway Technologies
 Inc.

 2019.



Accounting



    
    




AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

 John Olynick
 certify that:

have reviewed this Form 10-K of Greenway Technologies
 Inc.;

on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report;

on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods present in
this report;

registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and

in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and

registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):

significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and

fraud
 whether or not material
 that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.

 2019.


 President




    
    





AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

 Ransom Jones
 certify that:

have reviewed this Form 10-K of Greenway Technologies
 Inc.;

on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report;

on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods present in
this report;

registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and

in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and

registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):

significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and

fraud
 whether or not material
 that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.

 2019


 Chief Financial Officer
and Principal Accounting Officer


    
    












     






of April
 2018 retroactively applicable to the beginning of the work period which started January 1
 2017.






 TX 76011





 Ph.D.
P.E.


 TX 78248



the contractual agreement between Client and the Consultant who agrees to be bound by this Agreement.


 the Consultant offers consulting services in the
fields of:










Logistics
 and Project Management




 Informmation
 and Proposal Coordination



NOW

 in consideration of the
mutual covenants and promises made by the parties hereto
 the Consultant and the Client (individually
 each a
&ldquo;Party&rdquo; and collectively
 the &ldquo;Parties&rdquo;) covenant and agree as follows:






agreement and will remain in force indefinitely until &ldquo;Termination&rdquo; as provided in this Agreement.




Agreement
 that Party will be required to provide ten days written notice to the other Party.




 defend
 and protect the
Consultant from and against all lawsuits and costs of every kind pertaining to the Client&rsquo;s business including
reasonable legal fees due to any act or failure to act by the Client based upon the Consulting Services.




terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas and subject to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in Tarrant County
 Texas.




all intellectual property right in any work product resulting from the Consulting Services including
 but not limited to
copyright and trademark rights. The Consultant agrees not to claim any such ownership in such work product&rsquo;s
intellectual property at any time prior to or after the completion and delivery of such work product to the Client.




for reasonable and necessary expenses incurred by the Consultant in connection with providing these services includes
reasonable travel and living expenses.






$40.00 per hour (the &ldquo;Compensation&rdquo;). All monetary amounts in the contract shall be in US Dollars.








 it
is expressly agreed that the Consultant is acting as an independent contractor and not as an employee. The Client and
Consultant agree that this Agreement does not create a partnership or joint venture between them and is exclusively a
contract for service. The client is not required to pay
 or make any contribution to
 any social security
 local
 state
 or
federal taxes
 unemployment compensation
 worker&rsquo;s compensation
 insurance premium
 profit-sharing
 pension
 or any
other employee benefit for the consultant during the Term. The Consultant is responsible for paying
 and complying with
reporting requirements for
 all local
 state
 and federal taxes relating to payments made to the Consultant under this Agreement.


 each of the Parties has executed this
Consulting Agreement
 both Parties by its duly authorized officer
 as of the day and year set forth below







    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    














     






of April
 2018 retroactively applicable to the beginning of the work period which started January 1
 2017.






 TX 76011







 CT 06825



the contractual agreement between Client and the Consultant who agrees to be bound by this Agreement.


 the Consultant offers consulting services in the
fields of:




 NJ
 CT based funding discussions


Public Company









NOW

 in consideration of the
mutual covenants and promises made by the parties hereto
 the Consultant and the Client (individually
 each a
&ldquo;Party&rdquo; and collectively
 the &ldquo;Parties&rdquo;) covenant and agree as follows:






agreement and will remain in force indefinitely until &ldquo;Termination&rdquo; as provided in this Agreement.




Agreement
 that Party will be required to provide ten days written notice to the other Party.




 defend
 and protect the
Consultant from and against all lawsuits and costs of every kind pertaining to the Client&rsquo;s business including
reasonable legal fees due to any act or failure to act by the Client based upon the Consulting Services.




terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas and subject to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in Tarrant County
 Texas.




all intellectual property right in any work product resulting from the Consulting Services including
 but not limited to
copyright and trademark rights. The Consultant agrees not to claim any such ownership in such work product&rsquo;s
intellectual property at any time prior to or after the completion and delivery of such work product to the Client.




for reasonable and necessary expenses incurred by the Consultant in connection with providing these services includes
reasonable travel and living expenses.






$40.00 per hour (the &ldquo;Compensation&rdquo;). All monetary amounts in the contract shall be in US Dollars.








 it
is expressly agreed that the Consultant is acting as an independent contractor and not as an employee. The Client and
Consultant agree that this Agreement does not create a partnership or joint venture between them and is exclusively a
contract for service. The client is not required to pay
 or make any contribution to
 any social security
 local
 state
 or
federal taxes
 unemployment compensation
 worker&rsquo;s compensation
 insurance premium
 profit-sharing
 pension
 or any
other employee benefit for the consultant during the Term. The Consultant is responsible for paying
 and complying with
reporting requirements for
 all local
 state
 and federal taxes relating to payments made to the Consultant under this Agreement.


 each of the Parties has executed this
Consulting Agreement
 both Parties by its duly authorized officer
 as of the day and year set forth below







    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    













     






of April
 2018 retroactively applicable to the beginning of the work period which started January 1
 2017.






 TX 76011







 TX 75035



the contractual agreement between Client and the Consultant who agrees to be bound by this Agreement.


 the Consultant offers consulting services in the
fields of:

















NOW

 in consideration of the
mutual covenants and promises made by the parties hereto
 the Consultant and the Client (individually
 each a
&ldquo;Party&rdquo; and collectively
 the &ldquo;Parties&rdquo;) covenant and agree as follows:






agreement and will remain in force indefinitely until &ldquo;Termination&rdquo; as provided in this Agreement.




Agreement
 that Party will be required to provide ten days written notice to the other Party.




 defend
 and protect the
Consultant from and against all lawsuits and costs of every kind pertaining to the Client&rsquo;s business including
reasonable legal fees due to any act or failure to act by the Client based upon the Consulting Services.




terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas and subject to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in Tarrant County
 Texas.




all intellectual property right in any work product resulting from the Consulting Services including
 but not limited to
copyright and trademark rights. The Consultant agrees not to claim any such ownership in such work product&rsquo;s
intellectual property at any time prior to or after the completion and delivery of such work product to the Client.




for reasonable and necessary expenses incurred by the Consultant in connection with providing these services includes
reasonable travel and living expenses.






$40.00 per hour (the &ldquo;Compensation&rdquo;). All monetary amounts in the contract shall be in US Dollars.








 it
is expressly agreed that the Consultant is acting as an independent contractor and not as an employee. The Client and
Consultant agree that this Agreement does not create a partnership or joint venture between them and is exclusively a
contract for service. The client is not required to pay
 or make any contribution to
 any social security
 local
 state
 or
federal taxes
 unemployment compensation
 worker&rsquo;s compensation
 insurance premium
 profit-sharing
 pension
 or any
other employee benefit for the consultant during the Term. The Consultant is responsible for paying
 and complying with
reporting requirements for
 all local
 state
 and federal taxes relating to payments made to the Consultant under this Agreement.


 each of the Parties has executed this
Consulting Agreement
 both Parties by its duly authorized officer
 as of the day and year set forth below







    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    













     






of April
 2018 retroactively applicable to the beginning of the work period which started January 1
 2017.






 TX 76011








 New York 14564



the contractual agreement between  GIE-GWTI and the Consultant who agrees to be bound by this Agreement.


 the Consultant offers consulting services in the
fields of:


 Senior Management &amp;
Advisory Team advice:





 Partner &amp; Competitive
Analysis





Shares)&nbsp;


NOW

 in consideration of the
mutual covenants and promises made by the parties hereto
 the Consultant and the Client (individually
 each a
&ldquo;Party&rdquo; and collectively
 the &ldquo;Parties&rdquo;) covenant and agree as follows:






agreement and will remain in force indefinitely until &ldquo;Termination&rdquo; as provided in this Agreement.




Agreement
 that Party will be required to provide ten days written notice to the other Party.




 defend
 and protect the
Consultant from and against all lawsuits and costs of every kind pertaining to the Client&rsquo;s business including
reasonable legal fees due to any act or failure to act by the Client based upon the Consulting Services.




terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas and subject to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in Tarrant County
 Texas.




all intellectual property right in any work product resulting from the Consulting Services including
 but not limited to
copyright and trademark rights. The Consultant agrees not to claim any such ownership in such work product&rsquo;s
intellectual property at any time prior to or after the completion and delivery of such work product to the Client.




for reasonable and necessary expenses incurred by the Consultant in connection with providing these services includes
reasonable travel and living expenses.






$40.00 per hour (the &ldquo;Compensation&rdquo;). All monetary amounts in the contract shall be in US Dollars.








 it
is expressly agreed that the Consultant is acting as an independent contractor and not as an employee. The Client and
Consultant agree that this Agreement does not create a partnership or joint venture between them and is exclusively a
contract for service. The client is not required to pay
 or make any contribution to
 any social security
 local
 state
 or
federal taxes
 unemployment compensation
 worker&rsquo;s compensation
 insurance premium
 profit-sharing
 pension
 or any
other employee benefit for the consultant during the Term. The Consultant is responsible for paying
 and complying with
reporting requirements for
 all local
 state
 and federal taxes relating to payments made to the Consultant under this Agreement.


 each of the Parties has executed this
Consulting Agreement
 both Parties by its duly authorized officer
 as of the day and year set forth below







    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    













     






of April
 2018 retroactively applicable to the beginning of the work period which started January 1
 2017.






 TX 76011







 MD 21104



govern the contractual agreement between  Greenway Innovative Energy and the Consultant who agrees to be bound by this
Agreement.


 the Consultant offers consulting services in the
fields of:



















NOW

 in consideration of the
mutual covenants and promises made by the parties hereto
 the Consultant and the Client (individually
 each a
&ldquo;Party&rdquo; and collectively
 the &ldquo;Parties&rdquo;) covenant and agree as follows:






agreement and will remain in force indefinitely until &ldquo;Termination&rdquo; as provided in this Agreement.




Agreement
 that Party will be required to provide ten days written notice to the other Party.




 defend
 and protect the
Consultant from and against all lawsuits and costs of every kind pertaining to the Client&rsquo;s business including
reasonable legal fees due to any act or failure to act by the Client based upon the Consulting Services.




terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas and subject to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in Tarrant County
 Texas.




all intellectual property right in any work product resulting from the Consulting Services including
 but not limited to
copyright and trademark rights. The Consultant agrees not to claim any such ownership in such work product&rsquo;s
intellectual property at any time prior to or after the completion and delivery of such work product to the Client.




for reasonable and necessary expenses incurred by the Consultant in connection with providing these services includes
reasonable travel and living expenses.






$40.00 per hour (the &ldquo;Compensation&rdquo;). All monetary amounts in the contract shall be in US Dollars.








 it
is expressly agreed that the Consultant is acting as an independent contractor and not as an employee. The Client and
Consultant agree that this Agreement does not create a partnership or joint venture between them and is exclusively a
contract for service. The client is not required to pay
 or make any contribution to
 any social security
 local
 state
 or
federal taxes
 unemployment compensation
 worker&rsquo;s compensation
 insurance premium
 profit-sharing
 pension
 or any
other employee benefit for the consultant during the Term. The Consultant is responsible for paying
 and complying with
reporting requirements for
 all local
 state
 and federal taxes relating to payments made to the Consultant under this Agreement.


 each of the Parties has executed this
Consulting Agreement
 both Parties by its duly authorized officer
 as of the day and year set forth below







    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    













     






of April
 2018 retroactively applicable to the beginning of the work period which started January 1
 2017.






 TX 76011







 TX 76051



the contractual agreement between Client and the Consultant who agrees to be bound by this Agreement.


 the Consultant offers consulting services in the
fields of:
















NOW

 in consideration of the
mutual covenants and promises made by the parties hereto
 the Consultant and the Client (individually
 each a
&ldquo;Party&rdquo; and collectively
 the &ldquo;Parties&rdquo;) covenant and agree as follows:






agreement and will remain in force indefinitely until &ldquo;Termination&rdquo; as provided in this Agreement.




Agreement
 that Party will be required to provide ten days written notice to the other Party.




 defend
 and protect the
Consultant from and against all lawsuits and costs of every kind pertaining to the Client&rsquo;s business including
reasonable legal fees due to any act or failure to act by the Client based upon the Consulting Services.




terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas and subject to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the federal and state courts located in Tarrant County
 Texas.




all intellectual property right in any work product resulting from the Consulting Services including
 but not limited to
copyright and trademark rights. The Consultant agrees not to claim any such ownership in such work product&rsquo;s
intellectual property at any time prior to or after the completion and delivery of such work product to the Client.




for reasonable and necessary expenses incurred by the Consultant in connection with providing these services includes
reasonable travel and living expenses.






$40.00 per hour (the &ldquo;Compensation&rdquo;). All monetary amounts in the contract shall be in US Dollars.








 it
is expressly agreed that the Consultant is acting as an independent contractor and not as an employee. The Client and
Consultant agree that this Agreement does not create a partnership or joint venture between them and is exclusively a
contract for service. The client is not required to pay
 or make any contribution to
 any social security
 local
 state
 or
federal taxes
 unemployment compensation
 worker&rsquo;s compensation
 insurance premium
 profit-sharing
 pension
 or any
other employee benefit for the consultant during the Term. The Consultant is responsible for paying
 and complying with
reporting requirements for
 all local
 state
 and federal taxes relating to payments made to the Consultant under this Agreement.


 each of the Parties has executed this
Consulting Agreement
 both Parties by its duly authorized officer
 as of the day and year set forth below







    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    




    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    













     






 Inc.	(The ''Company'')
 and Ryan Turner
 1704 Marion Dr.
 Garland
 Texas 75042 (the ''Consultant'').	The Company and the
Consultant
 collectively (''the Parties'')
 agree to terms with respect to the following:




 the Consultant offers consulting
services in the fields of:


&ldquo;non-Exclusive&rdquo; basis to:


assisting in business development through relationship building and introductions to qualified industry individuals from
financial institutions
 officers
 investors
 and leading market vendors in the oil and gas industry. 


 Inc. and the gas to liquids technology through digital efforts such as: updating the Greenway website
 providing weekly/monthly informational conference calls
 producing explainer videos about Greenway' s technology and distributing informational campaigns through the Greenway email database.


contact meetings with engineers
 vendors and UTA personnel including phone and written correspondence. Attending meetings
when called upon to assist in assembling information for distribution. 


 Inc.
in regard to shareholder lists; follow up communication with shareholders and potential shareholder and investor calls and
meetings. 


 and is solely responsible for the performance of all Consulting Services required hereunder
 and will report to
 and be direct
ly responsible to
 the Company's President or designated agent
 for all matters pertaining to the Consultant's activities and co1rununications relative to this Consulting Agreement.


 as provided above in paragraph 1.2
 and resources at his own expense
 as necessary in performing the Consulting Services for The Company as stated herein. Consultant shall have discretion
in selecting the dates and times it performs such Consulting Services throughout the month giving due regard to the		o needs of the Company's business.	It is understood that Consultant will not
 and is not expected to provide
 or be	o compensated	for
 full time commitment	to this individual	project.	In	rendering Consulting	Services	hereunder
 Consultant shall conform to the highest professional standards of work and business ethics.









anniversary and will continue to be engaged until either party elects to terminate this Agreement.


 the Company shall pay the Consultant any and all compensation earned through the date of termination. The Company will irrevocably pay all compensation earned resulting from any additional business conducted between The Company
 its officers
 associates
 partners
 affiliates
 and heirs and the Investors/Financiers as per the compensation agreed upon in Paragraph 3 below.


 extensions
 rollover 
 additions or any new project that may originate because of the above Consult ant introduction of the Company to acquisitions and/or Inve stors/Financiers.




 hereby irrevocably confirns and accepts to pay the Consultant $5
000.00 monthly. Payments shall be made on the 1st of each month. Consultant may earn additional compensation upon delivery of timely information that would enhance the profitability of the Company.

offers
 approve any client/contacts or accept any financial arrangement from an interested party
 and the Consultant
understands and agrees that any and all agreements are subject to final negotiations between the Company and such source
introduced. by Consultant.

agreement and will remain in force indefinitely until &ldquo;Termination&rdquo; as provided in this Agreement.

Independent Contractor
 Non-Circumvention and Non-Disclosure
Confidentiality.

 This Agreement is not a contract
of employment. Consultant is an independent contractor of the Company and shall have no power or authority to bind or obligate
The Company. Consultant shall have the exclusive right to determine the method
 manner and means by which it will perform and
provide the Consulting Services hereunder.

 Unless otherwise agreed to by
Company in advance
 Consultant shall be solely responsible for procuring and paying for and maintaining any computer equipment
software
 paper
 tools or supplies necessary or appropriate for the performance of Consult ant's services hereunder. Company
at its discretion
 may reimburse reasonable business expenses.
 The Parties
agree that they shall not directly or indirectly interfere with
 circumvent or attempt to circumvent
 avoid
 by-pass or obviate
each other's interest or relationships. Each Party agrees that
 without the expressed written consent of the other Party
 it will
not initiate
 respond or otherwise abide any contact with any person
 company
 institution
 professional association
 or other
entity to which it has been introduced or with whom it has become first acquainted in the course of doing business with the other
Party. Each Party agrees that the provisions of this Agreement and the confidentiality agreement referred to in 4.3 below protecting
each other's sources and prohibiting contacts with the same shall apply to all employees
 professional consultants
 advisors
contractors
 and agents whose responsibilities require knowledge of such information. Each time an entity or party is introduced
by Consultant to Company
 the Parties shall confirm by email or in writing the respective proprietary source. Regardless of whether
or not the transaction closes
 the duty of non-disclosure and non-circumvention shall apply. This agreement applies to transactions
which involve successors
 assigns
 affiliates or subsidiary companies or entities. The duration of the Agreement shall perpetuate
for two (2) years from last date of signing.

 The Parties that during the term of
this Agreement
 and thereafter for a period of two (2) years
 Consultant shall not
 without the prior written consent of Company
 for the purpose of
this Agreement shall include Company's proprietary and confidential information such as
 but not limited to
 customer lists
 business
plans
 marketing plans
 financial information
 designs
 drawings
 specifications
 models
 software
 source codes or any non-public
Company data or information. Confidential Information shall not include any information that: a. Is disclosed by Company without
restriction and is intended to be made public. b. Becomes publicly available through no act of Consultant. c. Is rightfully received
by Consultant from a third party.




from a third party.





sales and marketing services contemplated by  

Consultant pursuant to Section 104.

other material obligation in this Agreement
 which 

 Consultant may terminate
this Agreement as follows:


obligation of Company
 which breach or default is not cured within

 or any bankruptcy petition or petition for receiver is commenced by a third party against Company .



. Federal
 State and Local Payroll Taxes.


 FICA
 unemployment insurance or worker's compensation premiums or any other employer withholdings
 deductions or contributions on its payments to Consultant. Consultant shall be solely responsible for all such withholdings
 deductions and contributions.
 





 and shall not participate in
  any  employee pension
 health
 welfare
 or other fringe benefit plan
 of The Company. No workers' compensation  or  other insurance shall be obtained by The Company covering Consultant or Consultant' employees.










    
    

    
    

    

    

    
    

    
    

    
    







Greenway innovative Energy
 Inc. 
    

    

    

    
    

    

    

    
    

    


return receipt requested
 or by overnight courier. A party&rsquo;s address may be changed by written notice to the other
party; provided
 however
 that notice of change of address shall be effective until actual receipt of such notice. 








Party without the prior written consent of the    other   Party.	The	benefit	and obligations  of  this  Agreement shall  be
binding  upon  and  inure to the Parties	here to
	their successors and assign	.


and expresses the entire agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matter here of
 and may be modified only by
written agreement signed by the Parties. if any provision of this Agreement is held by unenforceable by a court of
competent jurisdiction
 that provision shall be served and shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the remaining
provisions.

 This Agreement shall be governed by
and construed in accordance with the internal laws (and not the laws of conflicts) of the State of Texas.

 This Agreement may be executed
in any number of counterparts
 each of which will be deemed to be an original and all of which constitute one agreement that
is binding upon each of the Parties
 notwithstanding that all Parties are not signatories to the same counterpart.

. If any provision of this
Agreement is held unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction
 that provision shall be severed and shall not affect
the validity or enforceability of the remaining provisions.

 No modification or attempted waiver(s)
of this Agreement
 or any provision thereof
 shall be valid unless they are signed by both Parties.

 The headings in this Agreement are inserted for convenience only and shall not be used to define
 limit or describe the scope of this Agreement or any of the obligations herein.

 The waiver by a party of a breach
of any provision of this Agreement by the other Party shall not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other or subsequent
breach by the Party in breach.




The Parties have executed this Agreement
as of the date set forth in the introductory clause.


The
                                         Company:




Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc.
    

    
    

    

    

    
    

    
    

    
    






    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    
    

    











begin 644 image_036.gif

___ /_
___
S/_
F?_
9O_
M
__
 /^9__^9S/^9F?^99O^9
_^9 /]F__]FS/]FF?]F9O]F
_]F /\S__\S
MS/\SF?\S9O\S
_\S /\ __\ S/\ F?\ 9O\ 
_\  
S__\S_S

M
\S_ 
S
_\S
S
S

9LS

\S
 
R9_\R9S

\R9 
QF_\QF
MS

\QF 
PS_\PSS

\PS 
P _\P S

M
\P  )G__YG_S)G_F9G_9IG_
YG_ )G
_YG
S)G
F9G
9IG

YG
 )F9_YF9
MS)F9F9F99IF9
YF9 )EF_YEFS)EFF9EF9IEF
YEF )DS_YDSS)DSF9DS9IDS
M
YDS )D _YD S)D F9D 9ID 
YD  &;__V;_S&;_F6;_9F;_
V;_ &;
_V;
MS&;
F6;
9F;

V;
 &:9_V:9S&:9F6:99F:9
V:9 &9F_V9FS&9FF69F9F9F
M
V9F &8S_V8SS&8SF68S9F8S
V8S &8 _V8 S&8 F68 9F8 
V8  #/__S/_
MS#/_F3/_9C/_
S/_ #/
_S/
S#/
F3/
9C/

S/
 #.9_S.9S#.9F3.99C.9
M
S.9 #-F_S-FS#-FF3-F9C-F
S-F #
S_S
SS#
SF3
S9C
S
S
S #
 _S
MS#
 F3
 9C
 
S
   #__P#_S #_F0#_9@#_
P#_  #
_P#
S #
F0#
9@#
M
P#
  9_P9S 9F099@9,P9  !F_P!FS !FF0!F9@!F
P!F   S_P S
MS  SF0 S9@ S
P S    _P  S   F0  9@  
P
M
M

MAQ C2IQ(L:+%BQ@S:MS(L:/'CR!#BAQ)LJ3)DRA3JES)LJ7+ES!CRIQ)LZ;-
MFSASZMS)LZ?/GT#AU*M*C1HTB3*EW*M*G3IUC2IU*M:K5JUBS:MW*M:O7
MKV##BAU+MJS9LVC3JEW+MJW;MW#CRIU+MZ[=NWCSZMW+MZ_?OX #QY
N+#A
MPX@3*U[
N+'CQY C2YY
N;+ERY@S:][
N;/GSZ!#BQY-NK3ITZA3JU[-NK7K
MU[!CRYY-N[;MV[ASZ][-N[?OW\#Q].O+CQX\B3*U_.O+GSY]C2Y].O;KU
MZ]BS:]_.O;OW[^##B_\?3[Z\^?/HTZM?S[Z]^_?PX\N?3[^^_?OX\^O?S[^_
M__\ !BC@@ 06:.!:HX((
-NC@@Q!&*.&$%%9HX8489JCAAAQVZ.&'((8H



;_




MQZUV]


M9$PFT;AD&QR6X4,9 &M*#\?0I)Z,W&D$/)J$U:4B.?U.



MIU+_QD_B

O]G1.=AE(G.P\:3CFZLZ(+/.+_










5_\JN+L





M=6O@7)




M?W_'=



5H^7




M5:ESQ(.:-L% J .0W6A_[ZF5)*F*2



Y9@9=:U-ZD


V?.AXX6B



OJGT1)IE+*7&0(

M69




]FK&RF[W7_TFK

M4/N/3VF3PG:^.(B[W




MR9&
G# !B72XL%&+F2^\)V]+7D=IMP=)Q0FVG.Z:OZDZRFVKDF ::M-+RZ ;
M1Z \5*\JRAM
RE#:I'R




MB8I57Z#YF;S:P*K7CXW_2D;D8]*6#(Y

/$&[\#UWP5N


LOYZEU0_( UUK$ C;P/
MO=:H:S4@_:=YC&_MK*D@RE 8*K;/^

2Z\_K=K0RVY;S-]%TV+MR]HNMF






M8C
ZUR
W%N]Z1/L8[]X)/*M<GXU\;<R^^OW%W-UMEQ8=M

V[E



M/^+@5?36/CJ=$]P0K^/:[O5NWRD??^G/OK1$O_9L[SI6JL^5R[@9__9^#UL*



O#_S2KRB%I<=$6)<HWZ*6
MVD T_]GAAN[2]7Q+;3_]G;_KY+\B2F?].6I9QZ_]NBW9D4[WH/WPU^PT=M\[



N1GB8








\[V+F6U55?_VJ_/JGY4:4E910750 9I
MY?/5(@'5Z5:93#65LR]/4PO1\LJ4U-$\PTPQ1#63G-17:Z\=M+=-A36-F+A
M.W5$HL(2
U1165Q444[7W+53(U.-MEILYZ6WWEI;9!+21
&E]EMWS0V/U-E




'G3 IJ
M+)J=T4((OKA![F;@B]WM1AB^P



MNV HOI;QT7T9I&
@AY?%1?*
9CR

MW6C#4*+0DES+%HG&&
8:JJI8%^F8% N5-T[6TI:  4O&:F2;YRU+AY(LXAXO

4%LA_!S(*IME$F.OD^0JM_?_*TE%4GQUQ-L@X0C)%'5/?T:L9.K^

JZ^H*+$^8



.7Y$:F(7!NJ?AI O:;F

K??2N
M*5/L+?]-U*'3/:!L%VS9._WHMM?4

IB6GI84=I$$?BJ1XQ:LZ$XW8


M





5;267GWBI






C0O]T
M8[8AE
*@$Z

-*6R_1DT+M.ZXJ'*+[\\'C:RD1'
$Y(KT[
M1
0ID\
K3

MQ#:6

;
\
1O
M%
=L6T0 BB2TZMFI,6?JB^;TD;1D[Q)\0M]
5('
=[Q$=6#
=\Y
?I22U^
M(Z?/2KH$C

J


_VG.X12HB)E
DQX./


MM6M+9YQ*L^+*_B/!?53+P!3
P21
L]R.IV0XG!
^7EPULI0]NYS&6BQ*^D.[
M/TS
'53&PM3

SC1
ND+
XF.I)QR[J2PL!Z0Z.YQ(KOM$9T$ZXN)+NER9
MHO3




5

MS/_M#%)HI$@N9=
V==

U/
S!2J[
ASN5(X


MC-58+ZS7OES6JT*T1)LX3/PVKY/8




MJ-T?M! Y6%J76/_=\*HB)SD12[H



@!X]ZQU8KW;K
MM^Y
@&)B?4YFM898@=8_E%W;L*TJ0PQKN ;LP![
(HYJY*MKN^[@G([3?]WK




*[S/D-O
ZM_-S0O.S?NZ^



_\TC=]

E9._43W^/JO
M?X  (' @P8(&#R)
J' APX8.'T*
*'$BQ8H6+V+

6? :R9(F



N7*EB]CSJQY
^?.


M[M_#CR^?[VCR*


])8XU+&




M




end


















Addendum to Employment Agreement shall amend
 where conflicting
 and supplement
 as needed
 the Employment Agreement by and between
UMED Holdings
 Inc.
 Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc.
 a wholly owned subsidiary ofUMED Holdings
 Inc.
 and Raymond Wright
 dated
August 29
 2012. Such Addendum shall be attached to and incorporated _into the original Employment Agreement for all purposes and
only add or change the Employment Agreement as specifically set forth herein.




Holdings
 Inc.
 as owner of Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc.
 hereinafter referred to as &quot;the Company
&quot; have employed
Raymond Wright
 hereinafter referred to as &quot;Wright
&quot; as President of Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc.
 as set forth in
such Employment Agreement for which this Addendum attaches and is incorporated therewith.




the term of employment
 Wright will have access to and become familiar with various trade secrets and intellectual property of
the Company
 consisting of but not limited to
 patents and information which developed such patents and which could be derived
from such patents
 formulas
 catalysts
 drawings
 specifications
 equipment
 business models
 pricing
 devices
 secret inventions
processes
 and compilations of information
 financial and business records
 and specifications
 owned by the Company and regularly
used in the operation of the business of the Company. This and all other information generally deemed to be trade secrets or confidential
shall bedefined as the &quot;Confidential Information.&quot; Wright must not disclose the Confidential Information
 directly or
indirectly
 nor use them in any way
 either during the term of this Agreement or at any time thereafter
 except as may be reasonably
necessary to carry out his obligations hereunder. The Confidential Information and all other files
 records
 documents
 drawings
specifications
 equipment
 and similar items relating to the business of the Employer
 whether or not prepared by Wright
 remain
the exclusive property of the Company. Furthermore
 all Confidential Information
 as defined above
 of Greenway Innovative Energy
lnc. which was developed prior to UMED Holdings
 Inc.'s purchase of Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc.
 are now wholly owned by UMED
Holdings
 Inc.
 through such acquisition
 in whole
 of Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc.
 and such may not be removed from the premises
of the Company unless in the normal course of business without the prior written consent of the Company.


hereby assigns to the Company
 or its designee
 all his right
 title and interest in and to any and all inventions
 original works
of authorship
 development
 concepts
 improvements
 designs
 discoveries
 ideas
 trademarks
 or trade secrets
 whether or not patentable
or registerable under copyright or similar laws
 which may be solely or jointly conceived or developed to
 reduced to practice
or cause to be conceived or developed or reduced to practice


that all





    
    



works of authorship which are made by Wright (solely or jointly with others) within the scope of and during the period of his employment
with the Company and which are protectible by copyright are &quot;works made for hire


or market any invention developed by Wright
 solely or jointly with others
 is within the Company's sole discretion and for the
Company's sole benefit
 and that no royalty will be due to Wright as a result of the Company's efforts to commercialize or market
any such Invention.


understands that the provisions of this Agreement requiring assignment of Inventions to the Company do not apply to any invention
for which no equipment
 supplies
 facilities
 or Confidential Information of the Company was used and which was developed entirely
on his own time (&quot;Exempted Inventions&quot;)
the invention
relates (A) directly to the Company's business
 or (B) to the Company's actual or demonstrably anticipated research or development
the invention results
from any work performed by Wright for the Company. Wright will advise the Company promptly in writing of any Exempted Inventions
that Wright believes meet the criteria as set forth in the preceding sentence. Wright hereby warrants that hedoes not currently
claim or possess any information that would lead to Exempted Inventions.


agrees to keep and maintain adequate and current written records of all Inventions made by Wright and/or Greenway Innovative Energy
Inc.
 solely or jointly with others


 sketches
 drawings and any other format that may be specified by
the Company. The records will be available to and remain the sole property of the Company at all times.


a period of twelve (12) months after termination of his employment with the Company for any reason
 Wright will promptly disclose
to the Company fully and in writing all patent applications filed by Wright or on his behalf. At the time of each such disclosure
Wright will advise the Company in writing of any inventions that Wright believes qualify as Exempted Inventions
 as defined above;
and Wright will
 at that time
 provide to the Company
 in writing
 all evidence necessary to substantiate that belief. Wright understands
that the Company will keep in confidence and will not disclose to third parties without his consent any proprietary information
disclosed in writing to the Company pursuant to this Agreement relating to any such Exempted Inventions. Wright will preserve the
confidentiality of any invention that does not qualify fully as an Exempted Invention.


the Company
 or its designee
 at the Company's expense
every proper
way to secure the Company's rights in the Inventions and any copyrights
 patents
 mask work rights or other intellectual property
rights relating thereto in any and all countries
 including the disclosure to the Company of all pertinent information and data
with respect thereto
 the execution of all applications
 specifications
 oaths
 assignments and all other instruments which the
 order to apply for and obtain such rights
and in order to assign and convey to the Company
 successors
 assigns
and nominees the sole and exclusive rights
 title and interest in and to such Inventions
 and any copyrights
 patents
 mask work
rights or other intellectual property


    
    



relating thereto. Wright further agrees that his obligation to execute or cause to be executed
 when it is in his/her power to
do so


for or to pursue any application for any United States or foreign patents or copyright registrations covering Inventions or original
works of authorship assigned to the Company as above
 then Wright hereby irrevocably designates and appoints the Company and its
duly authorized officers and agents as his agent and attorney in fact
 to act for and in his behalf and stead to execute and file
any such applications and to do all other lawfully permitted acts to further the prosecution and issuance of letters patent or
copyright registrations thereon with the same legal force and effect as if executed by Wright. Wright agrees that this obligation
to assist the Company shall continue beyond the termination of his employment with the Company
 but that the Company 
compensate Wright at a reasonable rate following the termination of his employment for time actually spent by Wright at the Company's
request on such assistance.


the termination of employment or whenever requested by the Employer
 Wright must immediately deliver to the Employer all property
including but not limited to Confidential Information as defined above
 in the Wright's possession or under the Wright's control
belonging to the Employer.




hereby agrees
 whether while working under the terms of this Agreement
 or upon termination of this Agreement for any reason
 not
to engage or participate
 directly or indirectly
 in any competitive business with the business of the Company
 specifically including
the natural gas to liquid fuel industry
 for a period of three (3) years. Wright fully understands that the business of the Company
is global
 that Wright and the Company have conducted business in many
different countries
 all over the world
 and continue to seek business worldwide
 and therefore
 the Company and Wright agree that
the only reasonable
 geographical limitation to this clause is worldwide
 but the Parties fully understand and agree that a court
of competent jurisdiction can and may limit such geographical limitation to something other than worldwide. The Company and Wright
agree that the clause shall survive any such court-ordered change to the geographical limitation.




 Wright
shall receive a base salary of

000.00 per annum to begin upon the signing
of this Addendum. Such salary will increase to

000.00
per annum when the first operational
 portable GTL unit is funded (funding to include a year of working capital for UMED Holdings
Inc.) Such compensation shall stay consistent through the term of this Agreement
 but can be modified as the discretion of the
Companys' Board of Directors
 including but not limited to deferral of same
 but at no time shall such compensation be lessened
unless agreed by both Wright and the Company.





    
    


If
Wright dies during the term of this Agreement
 Wright's estate shall receive his then existing
salacy for three years following his death
 as well as
 any and all deferred compensation then owed to him or owing the future.


shall receive 3
500
000 shares of UMED Holdings
 Inc. stock in consideration of an assignment of all right
 title and interest
in and to any and all patents
 inventions
 intellectual property
 drawings
 ideas or the like developed before and/or during the
term of this Agreement concerning Gas-to-Liquid Technology
 either individually and/or 
conjunction with others
 to be held in perpetuity by the Company. This Agreement shall constitute the full and final assignment
of same for all purposes.


shall be eligible for a stock allocation of a minimum of 3
750
000 shares of UMED Holdings
 Inc. stock when the first operational
portable GTL unit is built and becomes operational and is capable of producing 2
000 barrels of diesel or jet fuel per day.


shall be offered a position on the UMED Holdings
 Inc. Board of Directors upon the signing of this Addendum.




and all conflicts between this Addendum and the initial Employment Agreement shall be resolved 
favor of the language contained in this Addendum.


dispute concerning any questions of law and fact arising out of the circumstances of employment under this Agreement shall be determined
by a court of competent jurisdiction
 in Tarrant County
 Texas
 under the laws of the State of Texas.


Agreement may be amended only in writing by the mutual consent of all of the parties
 evidenced by all necessary and proper corporate
authority. No waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall arise from any action or inaction of any party
 except an instrument
in writing expressly waiving the provision executed by the party entitled to the benefit of the provision.


Agreement
 together with any documents and exhibits given or delivered pursuant to this Agreement
 constitutes the entire agreement
between the parties to this Agreement. No Party shall be bound by any communications between them on the subject matter of this
Agreement unless the communication is (a) in writing
 (b) bears a date contemporaneous with or subsequent to the date of this Agreement
and (c) is agreed to by all parties to this Agreement. On execution of this Agreement
 all prior agreements or understandings between
the parties shall be null and void.


Parties to this Agreement jointly participated in the negotiation and preparation of same
 and hence
 ambiguities should not be
construed against and/or contributed to either Party.





    
    














of July
 2014.




    
    

    

    

    
    

    
 Inc.

    

    

    

    
    

    
    




















S





























for a loan in the
amount of up to

$1
500
000.00
MADE
BY AND BETWEEN GREENWAY TECHNOLOGIES
 INC.
a Texas corporation
as Borrower the Lenders party hereto


MABERT
 LLC

a Texas limited liability
company
 as Agent




]
 2018

    
    








]
 2018
 by and among each of GREENWAY TECHNOLOGIES
INC.
&#8221;)
&#8221;) and
MABERT
 LLC
 a Texas limited liability company
 its successors and assigns
 as agent for the Lenders (&#8220;


W I T N E S S E
T H




A.

500
000.00)
&#8221;) for the purpose of funding working capital and general corporate expenses
 and Lender is willing
to make the Loan on the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth.


THEREFORE
 in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements herein contained
 the parties hereto agree as follows:




Defined
Terms.




have the following meanings: 
Applicable
Rate
 the lower of (a) the interest rate specified in each Note
 or (b) the Maximum Lawful Rate.

Bankruptcy
Code
 or any successor
thereto or any other present or future bankruptcy or insolvency statute.

: As such term is defined
in the Preamble. 
:&#9;Any
event
 circumstance or condition
 which
 if it were to continue uncured
 would
 with notice or lapse of time or both
 constitute
an Event of Default hereunder.

    
    

:
A rate per annum equal to three percentage points (300 basis points) in excess of the Applicable Rate
 but which shall not at any
time exceed the Maximum Lawful Rate.

Article
6

Governmental
Authority
 state
 county or municipal government
 or political subdivision thereof
 any governmental or quasi-governmental
agency
 authority
 board
 bureau
 commission
 department
 instrumentality
 or public body
 or any court
 administrative tribunal
or public utility.

: Collectively
all federal
 state and local laws
 statutes
 codes
 ordinances
 orders
 rules and regulations
 including judicial opinions or precedential
authority in the applicable jurisdiction.

: As defined
in the opening paragraph of this Agreement
 and including any successor holder of the Loan from time to time.


: Collectively
this Agreement
:&#9;If
 in Agent&#8217;s reasonable discretion
the business prospects


entity or property has changed in a manner which could

security for the Loan
 prevent timely repayment of the Loan or otherwise prevent the applicable person or entity from timely performing
any of its material obligations hereunder or under the Note.



: As such term is defined
in the Notes.

: Each promissory
note
 executed by Borrower and payable to the order of Lenders
 evidencing the Loan.

Open the Loan
 Opening
of the Loan or Loan Opening

: With
respect to each Note
 the last day of each calendar quarter
 beginning on the last day of the calendar quarter during which such
Lender initially loans funds under said Note.

:&#9;That
certain Security Agreement
 dated as of the date hereof
 by Borrower in favor of Agent
 as agent for the Lenders.

: Each warrant
executed by Borrower for the benefit of each Lender
 evidencing a right to purchase shares of the Borrower as set forth therein.




BORROWER&#8217;S REPRESENTATIONS
AND WARRANTIES

    
    





Lender to execute this Agreement and perform its obligations hereunder
 the Borrower hereby represents and warrants to Lender as
follows:

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
The Borrower is a duly organized and validly existing limited corporation and has full power
and authority to execute
 deliver and perform the Loan Documents
 and such execution
 delivery and performance have been duly authorized
by all requisite action on the part of the Borrower.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
No consent
 approval or authorization of or declaration
 registration or filing with any
Governmental Authority or nongovernmental person or entity
 including any creditor
 partner
 or shareholder of the Borrower
 is
required in connection with the execution
 delivery and performance of the Loan Documents. The execution
 delivery and performance
of the Loan Documents have not constituted and will not constitute
 upon the giving of notice or lapse of time or both
 a breach
or default under any other agreement to which the Borrower is a party or may be bound or affected
 or a violation of any Law or
court order which may affect the Borrower or the Collateral
 any part thereof
 any interest therein
 or the use thereof.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
and

of the Borrower's choice in connection with the Loan.








agrees that all of the representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement are true as of the date hereof
 will be true
at the Loan Opening and
 except for matters which have been disclosed by Borrower and approved by Lender in writing
 at all times
thereafter. Each request for a disbursement hereunder shall constitute a reaffirmation of such representations and warranties
as deemed modified in accordance with the disclosures made and approved as aforesaid
 as of the date of such request.


III LOAN





to the terms
 provisions and conditions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents
 Borrower agrees to borrow from Lenders
and Lenders agree to lend to Borrower the Loan
 for the purposes and subject to all of the terms
 provisions and conditions contained
in this Agreement.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
The maximum aggregate amount of the Loan shall not exceed One Million Five Hundred Thousand
Dollars ($1
500
000.00).

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Each Lender agrees
 upon Borrower&#8217;s compliance with and satisfaction of all conditions
precedent to the Loan Opening
 no Material Adverse Change has occurred with respect to

    
    


has occurred and is continuing hereunder
 to loan the Borrower the amount set forth opposite such Lender on 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Additional Lenders may become party to this Loan Agreement
 by delivery by such Lenders
and acceptance by Borrower of a signature page hereto. Schedule A hereto shall be updated to reflect the amount of the Loan made
by any such additional Lender.





interest and other sums due hereunder and under the Note shall be due and payable in full on the Maturity Date.








&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
The Loan will bear interest at the Applicable Rate
 unless the Default Rate is applicable.
The Loan shall bear interest at the Default Rate at any time at which an Event of Default shall exist. Interest at the Applicable
Rate (or Default Rate) shall be calculated for the actual number of days elapsed on the basis of a 365-day year
 including the
first date of the applicable period to
 but not including
 the date of repayment.





shall make payments of all accrued but unpaid interest quarterly in arrears on each Payment Date.




prepay the Loan prior to the Maturity Date. Each Lender
 at its discretion
 may offer to extend the Maturity Date of its Note by
one year. Such offer shall be made in writing
 not less than thirty (30) days prior
 nor more than sixty (60) days prior
 to the
Maturity Date. Upon receipt of such offer
 Borrower shall have twenty (20) days to accept or reject such extension. An extension
of one Lender&#8217;s Note shall not affect the Borrower&#8217;s obligation to pay the other Lenders&#8217; Notes on the Maturity
Date.





shall make all payments hereunder to the Agent. Agent shall distribute all such payments
 to the Lenders
 pro rata based on the
 hereto; provided that regular payments of interest shall
be distributed to the Lenders
 pro rata based on the amount of interest owing to such Lender on the relevant Payment Date.





shall reimburse Agent and the Lenders for all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation
 structuring and documentation
of the Loan
 and for all costs and

    
    


or collection of the Loan
 including in connection with any amendments or modifications thereto.











ARTICLE V REQUIREMENTS
PRECEDENT



agrees that the Lenders&#8217; obligation to Open the Loan is conditioned upon Borrower&#8217;s delivery
 performance and satisfaction
of the following conditions precedent in form and substance satisfactory to Lender in its reasonable discretion:




&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
: Borrower shall have executed and delivered the Loan Documents
and furnished to Agent and the Lenders such other documents or information as Agent and the Lenders shall reasonably request.







ARTICLE VI EVENTS
OF DEFAULT


one or more of the following shall constitute an &#8220;Event of Default&#8221; as said term is used herein:

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Failure of Borrower (i) (A) to make any payment of principal on the Maturity Date
 or interest
when due on a Payment Date
 or (B) to observe or perform any of the other covenants or conditions by Borrower to be performed under
the terms of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents concerning the payment of money
 for a period of ten (10) days after written
notice from Lender that the same is due and payable; or (ii) for a period of ten (10) days after written notice from Lender
 to
observe or perform any non-monetary covenant or condition contained in this Agreement or the Note; provided that if any such failure
concerning a non-monetary covenant or condition is susceptible to cure and cannot reasonably be cured within said ten (10) day
period
 then Borrower shall have an additional thirty (30) day period to cure such failure and no Event of Default shall be deemed
to exist hereunder so long as Borrower commences such cure within the initial ten (10) day period and diligently and in good faith
pursue such cure to completion within such resulting forty

 applies to a particular breach
and does not expressly provide for a notice or grace period the specific provision shall control.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
If any representation or warranty made now or hereafter by Borrower is untrue or incorrect
at the time made or delivered
 provided that if such breach is reasonably susceptible of cure


    
    


 above for a breach that can be cured
by the payment of money or

in 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Borrower shall commence a voluntary case under the Bankruptcy Code; or an involuntary proceeding
is commenced against Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code and relief is ordered against Borrower
 or the petition is controverted
but not dismissed or stayed within sixty (60) days after the commencement of the case
 or a custodian (as defined in the Bankruptcy
Code) is appointed for or takes charge of all or substantially all of the property of Borrower; or Borrower commences any other
proceedings under any reorganization
 insolvency or liquidation or similar Law of any jurisdiction relating to Borrower; or there
is commenced against Borrower any such proceeding which remains undismissed or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days; or Borrower
fails to controvert in a timely manner any such case under the Bankruptcy Code or any such proceeding
 or any order of relief or
other order approving any such case or proceeding is entered; or Borrower by any act or failure to act indicates its consent to
approval of
 or acquiescence in any such case or proceeding or the appointment of any custodian or the like of or for it for any
substantial part of its property or suffers any such appointment to continue undischarged or unstayed for a period of sixty


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Borrower shall make an assignment for the benefit of creditors
 or shall admit in writing
its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due
 or shall consent to the appointment of a receiver or trustee or liquidator
of all of its property or the major part thereof or if all or a substantial part of the assets of Borrower are attached
 seized
a writ or distress warrant
 or are levied upon
 or come into the possession
of any receiver
 trustee
 custodian or assignee for the benefit of creditors.





LENDER&#8217;S REMEDIES IN
EVENT OF DEFAULT





the occurrence of any Event of Default
 Agent may pursue any one or more of the following remedies concurrently or successively
it being the intent hereof that none of such remedies shall be to the exclusion of any other:

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Withhold further disbursement of the proceeds of the Loan and/or terminate the Lenders&#8217;
obligations to make further disbursements hereunder;




&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
Exercise or pursue any other remedy or cause of action permitted under this Agreement or
the other Loan Documents
 or conferred upon Agent or the Lenders by operation of Law.


foregoing
 with respect to Borrower
 all
amounts evidenced by the Notes shall automatically

    
    


 without any presentment
demand
 protest or notice of any kind to Borrower.







ARTICLE VIII GENERAL
PROVISIONS


modification
 waiver
 amendment or discharge of this Agreement or the other Loan Documents shall be valid unless the same is in
writing and signed by the party against which the enforcement of such modification
 waiver
 amendment or discharge is sought.





of the place of execution and/or delivery
 this Agreement shall be governed by
 and shall be construed in accordance with
 the
laws of the State of Texas.





Agreement is made for the sole benefit of Borrower
 Agent and Lenders
 and no other person or persons shall have any benefits
rights or remedies under or by reason of this Agreement
 or by reason of any actions taken by Agent or Lenders pursuant to this
Agreement.





notice
 demand
 request or other communication which any party hereto may be required or may desire to give hereunder shall be
in writing and shall be deemed to have been properly given

when delivered; (b) if mailed by United States Certified Mail (postage prepaid
 return receipt requested)
 three (3) business days
after mailing; (c) if by Federal Express or other reliable overnight courier service
 on the next business day after delivered
to such courier service or

day of transmission so long as a copy is sent on the same day by overnight courier to such party&#8217;s address as set forth on
the signature page hereto
 or at such other address as the party to be served with notice may have furnished in writing to the
party seeking or desiring to serve notice as a place for the service of notice.





Borrower hereby appoints Ransom Jones
 or his successor as chief financial officer
 as its authorized representative for purposes
of dealing with the Agent and the Lenders on behalf of Borrower in respect of any and all matters in connection with this Agreement
the other Loan Documents
 and the Loan.





shall not assign or attempt to assign its rights under this Agreement and any purported assignment shall be void. Subject to the
foregoing restrictions on transfer and assignment
 this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and shall be binding on the parties
hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

    
    






 AGENT
AND LENDERS EACH WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING TO ENFORCE OR DEFEND ANY RIGHTS UNDER THIS AGREEMENT
AND THE NOTE OR RELATING THERETO OR ARISING FROM THE LENDING RELATIONSHIP WHICH IS THE SUBJECT OF THIS AGREEMENT AND AGREE THAT
ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A COURT AND NOT BEFORE A JURY.





WRITTEN LOAN AGREEMENT REPRESENTS THE FINAL AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE PARTIES AND MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR
 CONTEMPORANEOUS
OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES. THERE ARE NO UNWRITTEN ORAL AGREEMENTS BETWEEN THE PARTIES.



    
    

















1521 N. Cooper
Street&#9;
Suite 205&#9; Arlington
 TX 76011&#9;










/s/ Kevin
Jones&#9;
Kevin
Jones&#9;











    
    


























Christine
Earley&#9;














/s/ Randy
Patterson&#9;








    
    




    
    












































    
    








    
    
    

    
$100
000
    

    
$100
000
    

    
$100
000
    

    
$428
868.55
    

    
    
    

    
    
    




















AGREEMENT (this &#8220;
]
 2018
 by GREENWAY TECHNOLOGIES
 INC.
&#8221;)
 in favor of MABERT
 LLC
 a Texas
&#8221;)
 as agent for the lenders under that certain Loan Agreement
of even date herewith
 by and among the Debtor
&#8221;) and the Secured Party
&#8221;). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings set forth in the
Loan Agreement.
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. The Debtor
 for valuable consideration
 receipt whereof is hereby acknowledged
hereby grants to the Secured Party
 as agent for the Lenders
 a security interest in the following described property and interests
in property of the Debtor (the &#8220;





personal
property;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
&#8220;accounts&#8221;
&#8220;general intangibles&#8221;
 &#8220;chattel paper&#8221;
 &#8220;contract rights&#8221;
 &#8220;documents&#8221;
 &#8220;goods&#8221;
&#8220;instruments&#8221;
 &#8220;deposit accounts&#8221;
 &#8220;inventory&#8221;
&#8220;farm

&#8220;equipment&#8221;
Article
&#8221;)


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
general
kind
 including without limitation
federal
kinds;
customer
lists
 telephone numbers
 and purchase orders
purchase
sell
 
or deal with 
all rights relating 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
returned
rights
all
all

general
 whether
Party
or others;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

insurance policies
contract


now
or 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
right


Debtor


 remedies
 security
liens

accounts
collateral
 including
 without limitation
stoppage
transit
 replevin
 repossession
reclamation
unpaid
vendor
 lienor
secured party

 with
collateral

any
collateral



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
notes
drafts
letters of credit


drawings
 specifications
materials
process
consumed
Debtor&#8217;s business
 goods
 finished goods
goods
whatsoever
nature
wrapping
packaging
shipping materials
documents
thereto
labels

or
of
selling or 




    
    



&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
inventory
work
present
any
foregoing
 including
overpayments
all
or rental
returned
suppliers shall
Secured Party&#8217;s


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;

fixtures
machinery


 motors
 controls
 parts
 vehicles
 workstations
tools
dies
 jigs
 furniture
 furnishings
fixtures;
attachments
 accessories
property
in
foregoing
replacements
for 
 or



investment
property;

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
books
records
cards
 computer data

and other 
at any time 
and

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
non-cash
foregoing


form
inventory


property


Debtor
damage


relating
to
 any or all of the 


of the Debtor to the Secured Party and the Lenders under the Loan Agreement and the Notes (as defined in the Loan Agreement) (the
&#8220;


&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. UPON AN EVENT OF DEFAULT AND AT ANY TIME THEREAFTER
 THE SECURED PARTY
MAY DECLARE ALL OBLIGATIONS SECURED HEREBY IMMEDIATELY DUE AND PAYABLE AND SHALL HAVE THE REMEDIES OF A SECURED PARTY UNDER THE
if delivered in accordance with
 at least ten (10) days before the time of the sale or disposition. The Secured Party may buy the Collateral at
any public sale.


remedies of the Secured Party hereunder are cumulative and the exercise of any one or more of the remedies provided for herein
or under the UCC shall not be construed as a waiver of any of the other remedies of the Secured Party so long as any part of the
Debtor&#8217;s Obligation remains unsatisfied.

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. All notices and other communications under this Agreement shall be in accordance
with 

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
. No waiver by the Secured Party of any default shall operate as a waiver
of any other default or of the same default on a future occasion. All rights of the Secured Party hereunder shall inure to the
benefit of its successors and assigns; and all obligations of the Debtor shall bind its successors or assigns. This Agreement shall
become effective when it is signed by the Debtor.

    
    


Debtor irrevocably authorizes the Secured Party at any time and from time to time to file in any jurisdiction any financing statements
and amendments that: (a) name Collateral as collateral thereunder (including a collateral description of &#8220;all assets&#8221;)
regardless of whether any particular Collateral falls within the scope of the UCC; and (b) contain any other information required
by the UCC for sufficiency or filing office acceptance. The Debtor ratifies any such filings made prior to the date hereof.


any of the provisions of this Agreement
 or the application thereof to any person
 party or circumstances
 shall
 to any extent
be invalid or unenforceable
 the remainder of this Agreement
 or the application of such provision or provisions to persons
 parties
or circumstances other than those as to whom or which it is held invalid or unenforceable
 shall not be affected thereby
 and every
provision of this Agreement shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by Law.


OF THE PLACE OF EXECUTION AND/OR DELIVERY
 THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY
 AND SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH
 THE
LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS.



    
    


 the
undersigned has executed this Agreement to be effective as of the date first written above.




 INC.




    
    



    
    



    
    








































































Box 1831

 TX 78767 -



 2018









Texas
UCC Initial Filing Acknowledgment


of State's Office has received and filed your document. The information below reflects the data that was indexed into our system.

Initial
Filing Type: 


    
    
    

    
    


    


    
    
    








    
    

    
GREENWAY TECHNOLOGIES
 INC.
8850 CAMP BOWIE WEST BLVD.
 SUITE 240
 FORT WORTH
TX
 USA
 76116

MABERT
LLC
 AS AGENT


    
    

    
878 MEADOW HILL ROAD
 SUITE 104
 FORT WORTH
 TX
 USA
 76108











us at 512-475-2703 if you have any questions regarding the above information. User ID: MCENTENO
















    
    
    




    
    













begin 644 image_037.gif

___ /_
___
S/_
F?_
9O_
M
__
 /^9__^9S/^9F?^99O^9
_^9 /]F__]FS/]FF?]F9O]F
_]F /\S__\S
MS/\SF?\S9O\S
_\S /\ __\ S/\ F?\ 9O\ 
_\  
S__\S_S

M
\S_ 
S
_\S
S
S

9LS

\S
 
R9_\R9S

\R9 
QF_\QF
MS

\QF 
PS_\PSS

\PS 
P _\P S

M
\P  )G__YG_S)G_F9G_9IG_
YG_ )G
_YG
S)G
F9G
9IG

YG
 )F9_YF9
MS)F9F9F99IF9
YF9 )EF_YEFS)EFF9EF9IEF
YEF )DS_YDSS)DSF9DS9IDS
M
YDS )D _YD S)D F9D 9ID 
YD  &;__V;_S&;_F6;_9F;_
V;_ &;
_V;
MS&;
F6;
9F;

V;
 &:9_V:9S&:9F6:99F:9
V:9 &9F_V9FS&9FF69F9F9F
M
V9F &8S_V8SS&8SF68S9F8S
V8S &8 _V8 S&8 F68 9F8 
V8  #/__S/_
MS#/_F3/_9C/_
S/_ #/
_S/
S#/
F3/
9C/

S/
 #.9_S.9S#.9F3.99C.9
M
S.9 #-F_S-FS#-FF3-F9C-F
S-F #
S_S
SS#
SF3
S9C
S
S
S #
 _S
MS#
 F3
 9C
 
S
   #__P#_S #_F0#_9@#_
P#_  #
_P#
S #
F0#
9@#
M
P#
  9_P9S 9F099@9,P9  !F_P!FS !FF0!F9@!F
P!F   S_P S
MS  SF0 S9@ S
P S    _P  S   F0  9@  
P
M
M
M                     P     ^ GD#  (_P !!Q(L*#!@P@3*ES(L*'#
MAQ C2IQ(L:+%BQ@S:MS(L:/'CR!#BAQ)LJ3)DRA3JES)LJ7+ES!CRIQ)LZ;-
MFSASZMS)LZ?/GT#AU*M*C1HTB3*EW*M*G3IUC2IU*M:K5JUBS:MW*M:O7
MKV##BAU+MJS9LVC3JEW+MJW;MW#CRIU+MZ[=NWCSZMW+MZ_?OX #QY
N+#A
MPX@3*U[
N+'CQY C2YY
N;+ERY@S:][
N;/GSZ!#BQY-NK3ITZA3JU[-NK7K
MU[!CRYY-N[;MV[ASZ][-N[?OW\#Q].O+CQX\B3*U_.O+GSY]C2Y].O;KU
MZ]BS:]_.O;OW[^##B_\?3[Z\^?/HTZM?S[Z]^_?PX\N?3[^^_?OX\^O?S[^_
M__\ !BC@@ 06:.!:HX((
-NC@@Q!&*.&$%%9HX8489JCAAAQVZ.&'((8H



;_








M[5NC'/?(QU\A*UQZ#

9 (O*1D)20(MTXQ9P
4HJ3





]JE1Y)]2G+96I524(4:.J
MU:Q.]:LWVFG1FKJQK7:U9V(%JUI1E%8%%A0H3TUI ;VZUKJR**E :^M)XBK.


M:ZQP2
 ($OI^^
3D+&.'*6)BYXH8Q3 &
7A)&UZ-]#:]

MUK&0ZQED*O%5N&H\*3&'S.1M.JS&
0UMB26K/1L;MLE8EK&+E3C:Q#:O?LS%
M;);'[
KK0IF!QHTP^[(G7S&3^?_-OUSR4 S*9J'V&
YX]N65=3);
E+Y(G?.

Y9ZTYX

G/6TMVU&9T/$D=CN<JBY


@Y_=+C_W1

^YSG?.\Y[[_.= #[K0AT[T
MHAO]Z$A/NM*7SO2F._WI4(^ZU*=.=7VSO.I8S[K6M\[UKGO]ZV /N]C'3O:R

(C

MR$^^\I?/_.8[__G0C[[TIT_]ZG






M?1B(@CB(A%B!?PB(A9B(BKB(C$AOA_\(=8T8B9(XB8+XB%1'B9B8B9J8AI8X

M

9XC

MD19IB!


MPW&3)F8D.9P#J'FV]W]IMDNZ%D^T*9M@MFZ%%E[!&&4;Z)C[IV!
_^67V55


MJ*X%J9SZB2B4J9KZ4W7:J: 8JH)&JJ@ZB:::9ZG:JHRXJG#FJK*:B+ :J[-Z
MJZ@)E.XC8*+*H

ML W[?O=JK8.WKQA+AOW*K=.ZK


NZ @6E@@JKG.F6WQ2:]J2[C*



:R_]EM'

FT0&S#/UO$.0R[


M:=0(%]$:7'$;:M&;*W%/[= \;;Q8/*;RO*O.7!0_#=0T)=163=-*!L^W2=;9
MF=7ZN;6:/)LTO&=&W


ZSM='X#
VT;6^V?=NY'6/JC
R:3





M.$[A]DW
2TV_8.W@.[[=Y8SD2:Y2/[SD3:ZZ^AO+40ZP.9[E8 YI.FO@:XW2


MMSDM07:-X




NN*T]/-4EO^45
^\K




M:]Z/?_C::^&)K_@&*-
_^W?_W?J_^L__% '%-X$"!0<0)A0X<*%!AT69!A1X4.*%0TRM)BQ



MY;577W\%-EAAXY



MWX8[;KGGIKMNN^_&.V^]]^:[;U==!!




M_[XM/PZ]?G7GM


6M@!O\UN

M2A9Q]D*5-/$Q.PP




EKWTY2.!

O;@RGM](9O'$.TY.C_&
NVWE*4ZJSGC?9#3D[5\UNKFR;_P2H /LY


PW@UJKOF;T



[6.365K[+Y:5_'5S=K

M\%3

M85]88@H'%8\X]G&%-_5

MMQO?MI3G/]=,T]L*;S&)AG'\*7HD[5[6B/G6,A]'*_%.-B+A?:T.4+-(TG





)WWT5_Z
\S+.9:MSS-H2WQQL.Y\ D]


$^3OL^RJWWZN'*;


KWR..OC00_






MC/)&

MWEL]2V)!C308C-1)

MF3*9$Q-O0+#[
.MB(1





43P%3SE9TSE^RR]84
/!3


M





MTO\S99YBR1(RJ9S4N0A-420TO;99D=


MR5.8E+
TZJZ
&]1%9=1&==1'A=1(E=1)I=1*M=1+Q=1
U=1-Y=1.]=1/!=50

M!=9@%=9A)=9B-=9C1=9D5=9E9=9F==9GA=9HE=9II=9JM=9KQ=9LU=9MY=9N




MU_&LG@M N)6W=V+=IAS21+6N_\LU3[O5W$0177S51;-


M%\+EM^%A6_#57N/)WL$%0M)UXJ\SX-HM8@:.8C1K2CX%$RDV3;E\/LP[NU&Y
M5W]]X?_A;
NYU=W8]3KC\M)ME%\NK6'N!-^D-&-_C&/2=%WTI4NIM4*%?%OL
6A!*J=<D[


4\

8?DX%O;&5HU.3S+BP3%^V'$G



M#6-&?3[C?L/CC#;3

M


S)/4XQ.F;/2.

M+W
=*4 3K\G$FFOP;JHF=T@/;O C%\J0)O0PG^%%/VVP%
8Q\\9E7EWP/G'0

=HMA'7OIBU+1S= [\XC#VL5!]VR
M3NQ6_^EG%FO]CO%I/N:CSD0V?N9D/N(G;K;]'3DO1F\W=6LA=^Y:?Q &GW)R

;#0_]OQ([ZDH]:OI=X/C_1#C7*(5]\^%C[
MN/_A



BVM?:FY1M*&=84+9D89M2

MJKLNN^CQ]^.
C

*#$



M ^Y;$M/X7KWJPQ
T=TL.


^M_Q@_8OF:3R^WZH9)<\VGUM=H(3
MF]R4Q[X%

HJ
M[K$[Q7S;-.
ISWE.DS@/1&.%S
0G66ZQE\9K&S
)B
SR :V=_]SE0*LVR5L*

^$Q&S%O6I
M;GTK7.-:T6_F*5

E6NACUL^CYZ4:41
6M4
MC9Y#*?DY)7:UDB4BYU476TDM^O2?UCLK6D$;4-'2$;&F/2UJ4ZM:G=Z-=E/$


M0:=9;?;KFR;]$#JGBU 7UE&P(/0O'$MKW@$3N
 &/C$ZQ@N2HVK

5IWP)


I*3K.0E

M.?8N]+BANS&5MSK$'8_.?[)U;(6=+.8QD[G
9CXSFM/






KR[;6Z; WM:5.[
\XYUBZ +1




MLBRC+MHB-%8;$B*?*9Z=G:7BW VB)JJA9?&81@ABU1!B-!K

M)JZC

M8RL8NHT8:GUH3^24A8^I#1VF5S3OJ'B=NX/*W#XF2E )1A2TNUDXCM2
MY-:\DD2F9*&Q(C76ES5=HWL1BOQ9!1^X]O!74&Z7RVFY/ZI9+;E(SH2F3H2






MC^;7(/&7?/9-3]XJM.I0K3I


; C:K$*JX=*ZJ4.ZRO41+)LX

*JKA\B[U



MIFX/@J]80NWPB2&FY1?T%G \JB\*][ /__\P$
=6VM&G!=.(CC(H3@*6#&?C
M&]WP+V)MB0H0]

M^2)





(UO
M'!


'





FG_.U(^EL1O%J3RIXK





.Y*LV[-=J8HLFS7N7+U[
QQKR7

M)


M
G2NO4)#^U-)-0LR$+$)1:P

**L F:YQ4KE'G+-744U%-5=55

[-23!M;-%
-:8NQSDM#+1(Z18.$$DX?NX+T4=V6)-9+)BLU-DH@

YRT97O4$#3M&O3
#\]-S+[



[[]C(5-=.(3H1A%


M
9M9S:J*K9OU[&?'BK*R!HAU(;2G--U%46*RIF7'(J')!FF]NAIVISQMZQT]


MW


;I?!ZMIO@ZOBUOE!F
+C[&R%
9SA






TVRJ&1*VSD+L=Z)SQ=J]#;GEE
M@UWAPN3$D$4/)*=_GG2E+YWITB5XTZ%.)T!K4L CH3I/1 B^^V0]ZEAE^7;G

6W[208?PLSE:





 -SHB- !WP :4O !U&[;*(H KJ_B P S50L# 0E/\0\/RN
MIK6LK0
WL 1-


ML 1=



_$+AC_4:ZA#.\'S:\)9:5_D@_;B#$*




XFE/O(

5(I+V8C_T%KV$!&MT -+O%RX_+2D^2R*47NA3I-9I@Q$X\))74R


@4+@AAOQ/ -



M$*\&W3C&H0LX;K+&*F%,4-2NKXI$L\QAO2-?F-*:&+J: 2G8#2.KWS.S.M
M.B_Q
\F1$(U3+*LI%Q%2
H.P.

8-E.'$SPBPG.0$K(H$PH2I)



MDTM?Z:)R!4NKT$BGM#AW3&*X$$JSM
^VM$M)U0W]$M%\0=KU$7]4X?E4V=


D[UT^U:]2Q9M56[




V/5$DX12=%J[@

M*=+1LA%:$Q4GE]41X76CVK5B


Y1AGS-:'[$':9
X

-39!+_9GA79HY8]CM=!3











8\2JYCHXZ]H4SY#3C+%3MEW!7^&0Q\6I+[:B\
M#(%/E3ZK]92^+'J'V(=#5$B].(S%&

NV'#
BWK%T2R[*1 -U;(
=W-AM3]A
MBN(
4GL[DX&CU/5+$?'V%^[N(\!.9S$XA-+U8?#BR)5R;MF%8]= XY\(JG


MHC]UN9):H\WSJ9\'HR7'K:'8KY=Z5W2H%*G:JFNKK\45K=%.K-D1G
_9LA4/


M41]UJ:LRL1O[D;+:\;AVKVN&KL*2LZ



W9O
W9



FI=B%RH])B[
MH_J\T*==V[^



J3(D21+FCR)
J7*E2()@DR8D*7
F31KVKR)
Z?.

MM94WM[9\5W;CTK


MP?T&7U^TB98?4?6QYMAOO04H(&_]F58?@.*]5B&I1$8&UL5=GC:;=#A)AF
M'(X(XH/VD6A@:BQFN&)P!\ZHH6U



6Z;CPI<IK@P&MOMBFMB^&;O2HJ)\1T(IMFC(=.G.-D%
]IJ9YH-MMP




M


MZ/J(NG]G^T-&6[_T/25ZC2O/A2IG.O





V6NN'QKPG

H
MY:ZHLD\F$7UJ7*)&

MJ


M3$KO4&+T:E





MQ=OL1'M(Y_9XPMS2J+:.NN :RI;!.2VRDN^
9VO65
2 /2;N-I
H!*\3QTW_
-RJWN[.AWW%TW
MY]P2

$
M^ =?'Y6#EC=N'
-^9


/6=#[W9A5


I'6WA'C(''2

H@7V7
MBW
(+_M%$3B8#'9Y%;*9-=N6 ;J8RYQXS+9D^U
MQ8*QUWW4(8VBQI0SA9)@I)(K&7]E809E(V=!E+O9TM!F9-+IQ_<%W_K:&
U

M)$JD/'&?'Y9U7?6 ?R20:K8V%_B5MAF1%4HV0[EJ$&I:8)F5BR291055:-FD

)D5ZJ
MBPC*=KVXH&
HFM+:JA=:B[&:BUV'AYJZI1KZK+MSB]9'DL@*KZNCJ_$J+Y2F


M1K:-6R]FZ[BD\IAC*[;Y&KDQ[GL):QXRZJ,2[@ZF[@B0XM4ZH+9NKA(Z3)




MDHJ^8O1T+J.'VMK!6)J]

NZ#$QN5\M?%6S$J0JAJUK$J\JNW8O!@9M=


L/H



GP
M/+L O








M\

8?2D/N<Y
M__/QVO(&M=)!=NOY'IUFKU+GUE*O+O2N/8.@M]YG_^_$WD!U?]U0SN+@S=WU


OPI
M?_LC3/IQZ^B56J40J^.U^T6=%G@YQZQN85EV;_\H.H\4\C=2K43[@O[]9W_G
MJF/[(03X94RU_PL0UP 


2=RK)B2X
N5
FNR;*G1HLV2)E7VS
F1




#3* N0P.WN6TTG


=$F

MSC^_E51:AAMV^&&((2:5-PZOBG70B;LS]5Q;T5-7UE;!E97=

3MVD\<T<87W



M-'4^!S\^)(2IYSJOVF=7?WWVV\\0;MT

CJ+\O

4M<-BN0A7-C&_GFR\0!ZY)G!$_!
M9-C+_H72E_

MTC0'_RIOA)LL8=Q02HEZL]W&TOBO4 E142
)WLM&$]EUC
4)9(C3ZDFRDY



UV%J1H9K67


9
Z0IA&9X9]PYR1YVKB269W:OFUD)(KF
*F9R
MDZG$8M'R-S80SC +EZK: )Y-GSG_?=XFQI?IM)VF.X5(&3K9CSQ]O.UD_(Q
M;[DX5Q,.^9X \YX/RTM6K'X/A)H5XR=_&= KYBOMNER;=&*6SI.5KLZ=*HB
M5:?D
9)QIK6SZ8Z!/&DA4U:E2






M*TG;@W3QL\7GV$
K3MQQXC0;G3AVW[ZL3)[-27=_5[81C65NZ9IT1FHN#G

R.KM2_#
MF'$C%H
C'4V3*XR#NPN$N[DSM)QQ

MNP1DP0Z4M^@K-ZC/@S[I_8#JT4C/!C_E$(__,-(K_]:JQRBCVCH3H]#!#/
ML;X

T(+7$(AH;N^CL-?#] O$04H\(JG#W%PL*FRR1:Z[G BA)8R8&1#@*

K?+ZS\Z21F+?L:SDHQ$1C


2$'$B'?$BLJT%DM+U.'$=UVI;;6SL$@RI(
L53Q
7]



0UN+0S*[R .;/IJ\.9NTO%9LR+[\3?9


E,NI@1Y2<
M0^VT4-'LT!!-3J[\/2'=P'W
4)%DL]=LS


DS/P/*NK(C-67!@TG=2A$E-*O51



W# B7- W9*ZRXZI33;BX1$[S


M559^_2/_'!90E=5J+3_=

M+@S#J'W8
-NV@:59L


JLW*G87*%9):?LS(K:E7EN4ZE;




M*T154L5LMYP
Q
F-W=9E76$*W=/K7._]7O -7_$=7_(M7_.=OWGAWF \'*Q@

M6N^\(6R-S R477






A6%%OF9LSF9MUHS.

^?4(_ME=EBLYRAC=:R2+(*-T^YN%TCAAFKE2WI3(Y

CE5Z;^\8_!=#9$D6O&]T


M\=6D4N[/*9Y=L\':@6
:W.UI4IT\Y $EU%FZ

M-M;(-^[@18UH SU#81WJ$MYHD0YK$P-IL2[K4D
W'9SGBZ!FFVYKMW[KEI[/

RU09
M[5;][BW&:B/&VC #887NY^
&ZVJ$;ORNRX6D[B;C[_S^[QF]YY^B[O5+;%%%

LK^\1O_\O@5
 Z1.MJ
\WG N
M%[GKGD77;I1!_58CQ4);?=M%_R=WR&9G?J<P=^51[=WI'9W<GRJ^]1?F&??
M+6F-A:]YHX(O#S5X)K1YGN_YFR?K2MUQ
C+8L -XJ/5MCDQY:-_RZT#Q&2IV
(T:1?AOR_\J\?VMG=[PU]\


MWS=^Y?]_[MAWG^3WN!_N




(26RR;HQJ;
MK+++
MML3



=
II'(RU=6!J.
M-^BU/&/8-;@
4XJSBE[N+''/8_^

M?Y'IQ2.?O/+.'B^G\

(2VHQZNPHA

(7:
:&Z
MTABH*77+@]UCXI VZ



MK*5^+&F/8'K/ !8PGR.



L



A8T2^^=:EY;E?'8
MWSKC65(TSK-*KZQ*+H



PO]Y:3I[?_P%-Y9B^^.-SSO9M US/:[_\

1K;D[LN-+O)+/QIW4T]D
MX>4]UK2)76,%//'G@T)S VF[^,2TO/)!R?/DE]#T^Y.^CKV\S8V^F]?9=SV
'KF)7?6187EKW<9?_

MZR40D_#3 
U=N]?!]Z.#P(BL)4A)%T4]+44%H;$\2&?H+A3#5B4XDA(SX@




9+CD[4BR.F2
O[@*1+9_^OQ'@(%HAM.TO?D5_GY

IVTKL1SY*64B64;/ HTA&


MY1?^96$:)F *8UGI(U]N(QFZ6/L=IBAMY5UR3%A&)O 0YF5V#EDNIF/REUZ6


MZH6R9OIH)C54ZY44VH!9W(-X<(J[
+*J\%BU[N6JYP*+
:RH[!Z[.;D*U[V
M9QAM;

?.R


\*R786


Z$F.I[=J2[63&K8ABK=P2'=XVC=6:7NN




MO!^$@5
H4K 'CVHPCG (XN_#



Q$&


MG@0M$8.P(D


M-)OSB=[RX[(H


QMO
MZ#Y+EFKMR/3=\^?^(-




MYL%B'5






M%+_SW#8SW-+! -BB*[(V/E'W_WUU_RYSHQIU?2D^K/[T;TE[]BBS&_QG2$
M@'^)O;_WRS]PQ3_8:?/XVWOYS]CN2W7T+F;[YXSL P0 @0
)%C1X$&%A0L9
MKSV$.+#AA
I5K1X$6-&C1LY=O3X$61(D2-)EC1Y$F5*E2M9MG3Y$F9
F3-I







U_F@QO
F?5X-C4L:]

'_+ZS^4^BI]Q[\MG5G?MD<-2??^).E3Y_]]M]\?O3O


0QLX.\P
M:$$7VA'.5Q3#:].@T^KX
-E)N;/#4D&'(/=^$CFNE2:+DESA![!#PBOX!G

M



MJ0U02(P=&6^9/]M5KF8/%!@H

UJZ


94I!5=ZR*O9[Z5H



MH?S*)$[.PRMPS=G)\Y9QFA;_G:T0$UO?^
JWN
$5IV39]]_^7AC#&6:/A=$U





M169VN





/GZ3\4HQ_D4KT R



M04WU-DCDQA(*47$I.][]A$?[TVQ .?\0-+V[#+WKE(K!Y,PK_]$,#^K(P61
M$2-N$J41B_I1+',M9=1Q)I0*(.2**DQ@/+2
07L%&MGPC21
]4*-$6Q!$UP
M)0$S
VJQ

P

PP=D3GC4_XRE$

MTP^Y



M[2.%5.$
%-.



NP+=755\

M=



M5!F_(G*GU5V;M5X7*4K)C(3[S147^(C/6
F2^#(@AX=Y.-!(\V.5CX9I!HB-








G$1JC


L)6X9^C47O :[


MAD.(;X-QNG7+MW/
$^TVL 4:N=


MECQ9I1FULN5S6SF\4VLOP8]*ARN3N




MW
6=G


SXN'0CE-C@M:\PC.\P4_WMBG3T&Y;S7?YW;C0[*L_WA*&R='1W6I7Q&= R4
MN[UH83S0<5T3VW; 0<W2;5S=ZYV=&OSX

4.[(
MX]U+913; Y[A'PK?&YZ3C.L1D3T^:
VAD;8
S=OF%A[B.UZ9'M[CIX7=\55(


M%52C?_C=_??JM[WKTQZ'FE[M-\[0AT^KQQ QMSPA-S[EVQ[OAWS3T3[O)1F#


X1U\\F5?

?^JT*ROD^^OT^_ 2/
MR9O]^:N?^^EM^G&^^[UQD[*7^E5I^\
?_0]M[U
__='D7-

M_=F__I^$62!V[%DN]_


_\.

M]U^B[(8(


9EW#2
M;2[L$K\%OZST=%!''2'3?&*:\Y4(TTKS(1R.[.P81]+47HNCUMIUS&/7^Z



OT#FH;H5CNN/:]]8N++RVX7P/KA[X'Y0UX+



L0MD88B.^#VM%;#Z\U
;839%A2+
MYA?827&)@8P7'

M1Y.E'4L8B]U(KW!*9.,8DPBZ_X(2ZY%,H;[L][$2E+8=HQF7J\HC
=23H+


A@SE$2O)2ES(EXT/5U=4]NI.E
M9+5




U1UO5
M9?HGSD$?S5A@+JEC-
A6JC6TG
MO*89W-ZR-H=!Q.U1#JN]NCU6LPEMIG4':=KL7@VKVNVN=Y
V6O7_K':X&=
D


]IGF7







3&GNSIN6L4;WO/O9(6Y_:S5Q
M_5A\
9U@A



MA1'ID1\)DI+QC(CGC.1HBH
XC&9H46G&0 5W59DD=I.71;P6%
RSB-)(@0CY


MN9-C9VZ!]$4C&BWAC#U1&^9&6/YPEM7^8TU&33B9JIJ9JK5J5:9D&IIB
M:6?RU5\==SJ?N9FA&6V?M77/ 74;:):?QYK#29S%:9Q2]INRF4AFUVV!J77D



5U^ EV)

MB=%GH
)(0U:@$SIH30J?AQ&CG\.C)]%98)HA/TIS3;*F0LJGJ:2!%@HVKI5-


MI9B&+HHDR1I\J28I.8NY.B\41V;[I)'#D5B?=U_YTT51DVIU;:-%HC;#/D
M:\+VI0'S2WLJ%U
WK*6IGN.AJ'W*K)'QIUXZF&H6:L&J=8X9.(6TG(N55?[5
MJ/@8IP%%:]
JLXW5-;V83 #FP[I6.5ZH]TJ:/[E;%6F8_*I:.&EA.GI=HV
M;@)5=B;&8FKYE^#4*)H9IFD7HIIZH@59@L9:)VX#H
2*F?K)HOYCIW?JJ:MR
MK Q3H&Z*$A.IH(MYEBJT8 BKL0WJF\(IL5*IL
T*@. )J*\JFQIJFZCJ$\F)





GNS1G.\ $P]1RN]
6RT^ J_



70?$EG/+4


K<KT
M#

S
:ZW$[4S@
M!-O$\ICAC_UC%)?=66W80=VS.SW/Z%W;$



NQJTL5WU)
MPG)

[?.
Z\B.Z?ZN[:G20QB#Q'+[
MQA[-9_%*U&+=['!NS3/^QW=.WOO=-@5LZLO^YU5=+J.94TW
Z_9
L!BNPVWN

2#YUQ!^-V=[=



M;+EGWN%=%/JW7/%
_^LYK_H9KZV%[50H__*.Z_'*V_&][/BUBCM1Q;RRW-8+
M;[HOC^I&O\1.;%


M4W66!Q  ! [_)%APX+5K!@\F7*B0(
*$!]*7,A0($*,&3-&M.C0X\6.'BER
MQAR9

.



V\K!0O;-6_::'\[



M(Y20O0GOJ_!#

M.$.N.1%1S
XXXLC;R4/OM
LKK!9A)$LQO5KTT:C@;GL-ON)

ML2S+R!+E0BPW_3X
T3PKP3OON_0DVV['

M[*HO.3#5B]'%_'YR*U#I[B)2







2?


2M5^;K600'N3XQC)&
9S7A&
M-*8QC4_\C^]^IL9CA?%L=I

0Y
M#)*RXF3FY*1*STV
ADG*W2NKFK77*0N^1E+WWY2V &4X]UU)LP*T1
LB'O


9E:SF^5L9SW[6=&5K2C)6UI37M:U*96M:ME;6M=
M^UK8QE:VLZ5M;6V[H+O_WE:WN^5M;WW[6^#L9
*9&9P@XL_Y-[3N
ME;G.=






+&
MJ[+4%X#

)ONS)+H 2TKHNT3VVRY=7/.^ /4Q7)K_J-HO_S
MHLH8'5$;HJN1^59@]WK=P^[&
#





M


C&A$HV\



M




MQ^

M
@+-REL:3CUL4/6\4&R\2A
T2











M$!6^)#H
/N==O-;TW!-I632L5:[T7K$DUN!-


*;KF1
MG%UN?=X7-


MHUS$GOC*






MUN-*3%40_]DCK&9&3W557W6[DFUG4716C_6D3'#&0BB'I&K(.6/J
3 I.4?F
M6V%X=3=9'W9B+_:

:VG9ZOW=\_^9X

MSWB-WWB._V^+S]6.#WF1'WF2+WF3/WF43WF57WF6;WF7?WF8CWF9GWF:K_]Y
MF[]YG
]YG=]YGN]YG_]YH ]ZH1]ZHL?X:R]ZI$]ZI5]ZIF]ZIW]ZJ(_ZU8HF
M=3_ C[]ZK

M!1J\IG APX8.'T*
*'$BQ8H6+V+

*7(DR9(F3Z)$B5 B@)4I
M7\*








)


=Z;<]ZYYY^#'KKHHY/N
MG-23YT9X#D_JCG93=ZT

MO/++
]^\\T

(0B'.'HS*8V JIN9[
;F[-H%S7*

MR]8:



_$(Y70HU!79A!V?Q.?
M
ATIJE
MJ
MU[NZ+:YXW2M?^^K7OP(657H-+&$+:]C#(C:QT1FL8AOKV
?_0C:RDI7I2R=K




MNZ(=
8UK;&/JE9/%
M]
Q/XVH*TZK
=

XR=WS&BQWN)\CRS-]
MDW.AD7 USUC89%1BL9?[:S
 ]+RC!:\I/;[.8W[[;

')@S8KA2EQ&*P.0TEQ&:9-F=K].^'O6S


M+#.





MU=JW89NZ$=B




9A
M($:='@X?];'9'K;- ?J?#FXB$+:?#TD;#KJ;Z0E?(OJ?_LV4&6X@)
KB+-(B




ZA/XJ?(I);
MHFU:K5FB'[VC!O]NX0/68#_2( MAG(=&A:24M_%U:UIY$9FXDB9$JJI(
5



^=*1=Z*NB$4NA_







3
MMR:K3;G*C[7+!)F=15VGMPT3?G@JMVZK:BJKK#IKP&8
G5(DC#Y9AXA)I'8K

K*
JZFAL[!


I&K4'9+?U)

GN&*12CZ3^+89\[7%^

M&5-


V2X'

*J^Z+#E*C$30S$;5O/





ML[*]M%_^(QZQ)5A?\S'G*A);$Y=1]$$3]%O7
NVIAV7VDR#,Q^%Y




/__0.4R3_MO

M;K:!BS2WO)HDUQP+9S()#3#PO)2QQYGV/=BK=02UP?_WFWD.^U)*
X62/0

6_?W=Q_V2
_7?N-P*ZL.=AN+_*[X@8G@8B=Y%V^M:P[*T.WXDR-N




MFIMO/4O?GAOQGWMCBU?VBU_YEZ


X
M;-^C9A_J/
KQ1H
EHLK0G%LZM?]W]?JFN=$9Z%!F
U3GA_9!LY\[.R9W]V+'
MX):*_&B!9$6;M\ S_* [-TC'.AF;M+ZY^!;'^Z7S2^NZYS'B^4^G


]6[4QA:AC7G





M7A*[]R[_M[S2O_U\Q?V/^S#@8[UFJA.(8R9V?C8=F_:YG3NQ@_===_CG!_[%
MTC*XEW!QN[)ZL_ECZWS*HW?P/3_LH_BD


MB1
33ES(\&!%AQ@/6N0(\:-!AB$MEC1Y$F5*E2M9MG3Y$F9
F3-IUK1Y$V=.

BS6_[!)^5IMFQ9Q
MT[8:!ROVN_;O5



FT.RNV_5STQ8W'A1.N[INV



M([:6
Y' .(LCB#LG*SS2


MSM0F\W$[MH3]5JX27743S?56Y?$]-T4E



MK
Z&.VMWQDE95EK1);
HR7Y
([4M1.CHJ/.B\Q%DV3:58X-M9GLLLT^




M!U^Y2U^N




V$[6]OB]+:+E2U2=YO;77;6





MYMI.$\U6CG:W$USG64-YR'E.=ZYWS.YW/[K..EX\C



M'XOR@V0[L W[

\^[*




$ IP(33P#G;^32
-
MT S_D(OJ!A/)K!0S$7W0KWD^!%XJ46$B[VFA@E!$6%^XUED<6N4
!&K!Q5_


 V3ZUZ !

ML]&2+




GU6X=@U(E





M%4)W===&LE1-55&%A$/A-$ 9L' F!PXQDEA5JBW[!U_V4_]QS/(R#;4FG:59


_8^BY-H]!9V\%
Y



M&9





MR9H^5]J='OJL=AI_LEBMNX6)G36C:YJJ5CJL\U*O5=JLT=J#%Q4%C\EHE;*K


M;'6;C[0Z)Y/R2V




M\LH-/


MG(FW?+WA4;9!&.N&^M%IE[_S?

M\]JX)1O

9I60SZ?W[;J_N[]WF+Q&'
M4WQ

S#C[1VG[SN#


&#!,J7,BPH4.$UR(^%!BQXK6#$A=:O A@
M8\*-&3M:' BRY$2*(&:+%B1X4B4(5FFA-F29
F7-CVN/
FSI\^?0(
*'4JT
MJ-&C


M=;!;F60?KXVL-K/(Q)PI/W0[&#!7LH1#LV6LV.QE@J03HZ0*6718RZLW3VU:
M.S=OW9AS_Y2=$[;HV

W
$M+Q]/
MOKSYK]IY7A]=FF[ZYL(__V5O6_#\PO?/Z]_?-K[]_$[I]AY\]?%GX($()JC@






Q=M]%II@ONMMT8Q

3J\

V$VE94ASJQN25NW/GKV;8<LL=*-RV[Z!QK
MC3C) '\-NYE


M+_TKXRJS/5OH*+MMKM^$XV@P^




1BIQXCL;_;2GOAMU2V;=@][K

U5A%R[F1B6$DG_GJ

M]K :H@=N@P1D^1Q8L]YY$G14?-Q;C#C)18HR@M.#S_DDHB6_7 T@&E] [Y

MR0V+^[0@E.R$LP.^



N+J'A^DBI=MK47W8-KJ=]

(5SG:4U?39:5WXRKFVE+GT^URMY13:R]A.O





M0Z
UIH











MCN3H'M

MD$
VC@+Y805IB_]XD K)%6.4D+[HD(RWD!(YD3UWCQ1YD4;&CQBID!!))AI9
MBQW)
!LYDB19DB9YDM)HD2@)D!_I(VYDAD(DS(YDS19DS9)8C=9DR_)(#N9
MDSV9DT 9E$(YE)/XDT1IC'IDDD9E$9YE$[YE% 9E7/8E%+)C2IIAU=YE%19

MR9BV&7J(.3![LYMY:2*\V1:A.#:=^9GPV)!U.93#29S*:8^MV9S.^9S0&9W2



MK:




6*3-*T/NM[-@M[OIVV6Y

1KN4)(Z!.[\*
MO
 
W


M%US&&(A(TTNMEK:ZLF^(02@0SK P0G *NR]1WR&AO3$5\AO=UDN:.R#!K#


M':3
85K'O-+


MQCZW;?KHA$KL$AYMQ]7JS$BXS&Y[RF:YA.Z!)DOL6I)%T2VUKPOW1WM$C7A&





]O?3\ F

$R.;_K;E;VK2K\49D^UR
MI &UF/?'X2NG)6[!%\ZM=/]CXP]+';5.YM[
QN!$QC7.XYLWX[Y.UQ(MY%G^


4
YI'=W=X.V/;.X@1/Z-1NY?N^








F:3(7^
M7'ITITR7.Z=VM @UJE20

M' NW[56B5





M+[?$@
(P0PTWY+!##S\$
4011R2Q1!-/1#%%[SJ
+;3^XC//PLB6PX_&%4_:
MB[?IK@N/*^'TDF_ $G5L2C7'QC.


2'J@K!'=.2
MD3:QL,0NN MKK*^NH8P44$?J!'/PLA9_2F\XN[R;T\8O-XMQQBC+G&[/24$

?-S





0CU@/?U#_E_3!THIK?A X,9QY+TUYZ5+)AM9
MZZ&P:L=Y7X]&R$+:\&IE'PLA@7*W0*/=T81X_!PHIR8Y :*).S1DI!(QJ#-#

@$HO*6R7




M

RI:

K=0O1G/H6@=;
[UNIRY*=!32)Z5^O=SQKUN^O=Z#';
M6-
F)G94$-15G8)TNWB=Z.L^2E0^SLEWQ%UKG_T[U6QZL^H^JI4&\0NF@K



LET_
U611CB V7%X.U+[
5/
$=\AO
S=7=0W?


M=C.X$8QC;MOPC+7_KH&*

C1.GO-;;#\7YW

*(=G@#.=TYGQ2+
MO(9L//;=N




M



MPSJTPSO$PSS4PSWDPS[TPS\$Q$ 4Q$%


7
57
MA
58E
59I
4D9!SOXY'6;O@HSEYDT&_$R-_*SB8ZS_8XY39$55)#@*3
5?
M?,XI*Y:E,9II,9JM,83/QG)).

MS*MD=$!E3#@K=$%45#^Y.S]=A
?$*S6@


AN5#]O





0VS*'[1GN?(R6K1ND$S*%\/NJZ
M*/YP@AT.B(ES9/+M22K(]-42RR]SS#MNOV*F?2X+@ 1



MW 4

2__$3;]@U78%TWO

M.I\RUG&EE@@]7$Y%.!C#+X.]4YM$O]!U8
\SV5_Z'B4[X+6=X.Y$X7
]7[J
MVURUK%8M5UWR8 _66\V%I+AJ4\*:U]U7!'.X;


M5+*R(#S)V08NX^%+T

DC



.ZJJTBK@=Z&3SNU.&LGLU;;&

M+ 4OT

MY\

T:%9]:OW6\W?C[X6V[<Y=RL1FR3X&MB #
M7-:E77\6:%6%6/($XU[9T^4U] XO[[D-9\J\[.+M30/^7V!V/]N4?-R(J=Y

WNY9
MAU-S2FT7=^

1BB



C\=5[]Q^TFFUOO37[.8;#DMWM_)^E_ -]UR!

M6\JL.3.F3)@P%[Y4J1


M;49-65:MV


A$1L5[#MTUMJ#/\
V;O_S.?3H





/



MJ3^J.NNMN_XZ[+%?+73FLMM^.^ZYZ^YT[;O[_COPP0L?NN41%C\\\LDKOSSS



HPA&2L(0F/$*4ZC%;*PA2Y\(0QC*/_#
M&=*PAC:\(0YSJ


M*6MDI!DQZ:)3

#N2LI2FO&(E4RDB




%E*8295D)UD#QWEQ$IST?*M%8]-&N'Y5F&0]Z5GS










O_G]-


M)FXB)W;B#%&B)X:B*(XBVDB*9XB*J:B!)FB*K:B*[YB_[ B+,XB+=8B^8B

@B+_XB
 ;C[?BB
!:C
1[CY^ B
BXC
S8CYQC,T:C-$ZCVA B
M-5XC-F8CXDC-G:C-W[CRW C.(XC.98CO2BC.::C.JYCO%@C.[XC/
9CO8BC


M4ZUIYEFEIEFU$E0M53!)DF%DS71$VT&&-B4WX


=7Y*!)U;B=W=J=W?J



SBB-UJB-WBB.YJB.PFAP

G6Z.HRX@5UI9J/[D?XT;U$E@IR[.IQ;@JCY7JUXD@E5HO&F@






MB[U^R\
V+5-NK




M




MUO8SM!DE'&


1=#2O]-EA]./F='1J$#&_7/'A[R%3[B9[,9-)
M&QO'K+7@-))ALDS7L-



V.O

CNW[!VW[K(('F3/(6@?7%PS'\T&GFO'_VJ7+1

?S


M(6MS/5=/1 =Q0C/KR%9Y;

25?O_ *ONKJXCUOO



M=O_R^Z4+
;@K;)G9^

M




MZ_I]RWC1H;7W ]^[#RO69VS4&CY  ! X$
 U@P4-)E0X



4






M5


=G]ZF



M@3+DX0\YE4


M+O'U2V#_3D^8PUQ.+U=Y2V

MTUSA

BZ1G/1681WP2QYRW@^<^




O^]O6=I7



GHRG0&SP7W]
M7

:



MB?ZN]C3L^4@D_\YMJ(QO]7Q/_^0E^30P  40_R8/W(P/]-ZN_V9%[Q*P B6P
M S/0_:SML/). 1N.NXI/_G9- #_P.?B%V4SP::1/!''PXF1P^$NQ*2N QLP
M

$%@C@?'
MS^3DR?R&T-IL;O/6L)O:[@59X^]P
#5(T +WC0#'

M


M4?4R


Y]  X3$.?U#R?O$E\T;V



MW
IR\5I2-H.1.IUD/!U0ZMIR.FDQ*!

M0


M+4FPWFHS/ONRWD R1UF$]D@4/!
RWV@/%MF/
/_=LDK]\7KZ



M$2_G

M46DWE99LH/9JA]9I)8UHFQ9KO99DJ_9DJ:UQI/9KS9:.RG:4J#9M)X5MS_9M
MM\AM
8EK
TUKX?9NZTEN*XEN

3D8@T'8ES1X
MBN;W;D8XA%'X:$Z8B4J8;E8XA6$8JSXX;V<8._<WAG'8E(X:6O8[+PWAX%X
M;WO8TH982NFWB(

M^(O')HN5UXN3]8C!^(Q)6(R!2']YEXS1^(V9R8VCJ8G=1HWA^([+Q8[EB(I_

#+H%.O!=GJ?_?G!(RF^U=W;7CZ!F.%KJI


MK*5RJVMU2&.5PRKCOHAZNO?



MO=9M_8G25/3RDE\3_=/STB??
]'34]B!






M[


FJ7$&6O?ITH/_6L&#/JG7;




B8/O%)%#(


QKIV.3'+))I^



AO6CNE\@&76W8'L68+I(D2@T@

MAB#^'36T-'==:*^01^ZXC6_G+'F['NN---H-

MU1%4WYCU
ED1;EOC4R#[M



.IQ;&'%5/=PE1X)D?%S55VPAGY
MV



MKW*JDXM9_%BPIK?&]&73D[]9H OG2
R\P*J#0#2GYVRGR_O5;8: O%'4T
=(
:370M:=%B1DM(
Z8LZ7G-J$IU_ZI4K:I5K]J3N5DOCWH4IQ<#VDX(A5,Z9?,G_P:WL;.2
MU:L25;^$'K+9MH3H(FSX:NN-=)'+54Y<TUG/+E*2@=E]'%I39K?S.?&VPT6

M:HHL28%42NEEL*52


M;E##BK_&
8IYP%UK/
-KOZ




XL%Z?UR;BNF97OU6.*Z&=;+]CE//*9YR)#5L


MT W+Q$W^HI5IC6 _]U!:C
7Q:0$


)[?\MV(?)X]O*68UO;R=LYRO\=$[M&'2I^U;M=39-IB%G8C5C:9D[

AQGSUQ53L@WSXERB%



9U1H3]
LH/1O6)9

..)F&A5HR&*
M&A%XND43ST8T-V5D0S82GEA/49$5?UB*IL9RFY-^OC)T6'4N\T&+GI&%T09P
M3H6*R\B

SPB-SEB
T4B-U;ADIQA5_T=[VZB


(B\+(CNEQC^Z1C^_(C_WHC_\(D %Y$_LH







ML1]KIB\E=GF(L.)&81'J6:T4J;/A4
#V6EH(60WJB\S'4L0KR+LSFKLSO+

MM1U;K7='1



MHG')+2D9H4J&+0E-EE(:WL)BVHX=+EGZ':^Y6^%R%#W9JJ5Z[JO[NQ*[N6



MJE94\ =U1$6M&:R+?:11EKJ6

%&<O'CPS)D2S)!.S(DVS)EXS)F:S)S%C)F^S)GPS*H2S*
M1];)HVS*IXS*J:S*ZZB\J^S*KPS+L2S+E%+*LVS+MXS+N:S+ ]G*N^S+OPS
MP1S
M2S
Q6S
QXS
EDS







 56OFR;H?:[IF\[I+3BR
M+C:I=0ZJ9OZPQN/6B6ZH!W=;VXW5EZ_U5;;J7[FM0?IHY[GG8[KN<[GXFV\
M5F=]%ECIOXA]

5Z

[_Z]2G

6[LA^[?$N[Y





M1!F6[NK5\FG'/R5/W:K:].72


ME6?BKD^^/&V7G!^CUJ^\V[X2KSH##T0P00479+!!!Q^$
$())Z2P0@LOQ/#_
ML=-8FBB__$0\28.(9J/) UA4V@_B]0;3Z,2/R)0OX@^KDOU%3


M1Q]_!#)((8?\\44BCT0RR;U:5/(B)A]\$KH;:6RR2BNOQ#)++;?DLDLO_:+R
M2S''5#)*
KFZT$SG*(


Z-=_\4\% E\/Q
MO#X/131111=EM%%'I=/S44DG[6M0


M66?']#7+


MN.(@$UZ788LWYKACCS\&.6211U[QNM5

M=V:==_9Q7YY_!CIHH?E]
K46HU1Y:*679KIIIY^&.FKT&GO*LQ23-M%$G[7J


5/KUSSY6EGOGP1P8;T;JE.

)=\#(OW./Y[(,L0HH2BIS4(@A)PQ\_ME*1-,H=
MWC@%-U?6\G^TM6\L)9+ ^V2E[_$'=)D&4J- =.8'%OD
=OE2V4^!Y?-A&9Q





MKD

+0NL#%6&ME2+70%G:R



M_JO.[Z[M+&-5TK;O=U$QJ^K6SZ7FL$\^Y]ENW
K[5'WV;OG;J;EL/W_]WQU&

MA3L]]C.^DUL]O[._@?DXY$LY.QN_F?_2
]PK)@)$/!4K/Y P-$2.EB'_)2

K



MC
DOU

$3_





M6'0\:-M +MQ$720\RA2K(20MGV.RFJ3+FM0Z_?NO3)3$?SRL)H3-9XN\H;&Z
M7/RU1W-#B20_#A-$S*3$=4PYTD-&T3P^C!1.W&3.[#M+X7E*[UO)FV0;@LQ
MCN0KQ?Q
UDS'TM1)=23)MZQ.JO)-XKRYC
-&BRO+V)
]HTQ/;D2HOLM
\MR5




?T+NU\2PWMC

^[JR6]PR8%5$0ED[/DR]M4*Z';5.JJ3A4U1R$TXYD
M(POU3*GTN)


]-9@

)\C0M




M[O3;RT7'S!7=TFW1SS5='B%=H Q=C%C=U 5;U(7=V;4+J:7=(WE=N
W=VTU4


M^4V3_-7?_KW?_B6
_^5/_@7@ZB7@ C9?]D5@:O\Y8

5X 4&S@:&X.M]X F^














M*\.@_V#0F^?

M(MNTK-=;YW5:HI?.PX

M0WVO
8TYO4S 8T7
LK=&LX?]V!94]YO%W3-Y$%[




HTJ1*ES)MZI1IT*=2IU*M:O4JUJQ:D3HDBM4K




B=@2XW51N%H&1$7

N%!1V*JK_)VKLQP09Z
M_::D!K;L;\EFWSR<VQERJ-8!Z?K[9F1AFOQIA*G2V1(DE;L[DX*C]4ISR@+
M/33153X9\9?)P5LTTTTC-G+/L(HLJ\!:






7.JV%V
I2

M%K
8*@WJ:6#+TB(83Q:EG'E/BC$






-XS+'
M*0QB^5P8P
.


M6^


PGSY7+%[45E9I

M3%
:EZU==(\QETUN4CI*J.;SEP^E+G5E#Z5^G-&12.U)O[*ZGKB.Y6




M\I?\L1+8













\BE9Q



MNUKKGG9I.)WFAK)INB+IJ HD@[WI(!ZF%)JD8\XJPM9KJ0)L_Q3K/X(KU+GE
/(FI-KKR5(C
M_TJ@/+KIK;K$W8LJZ:GZ4UC_[!6:[YU%T[V90!5JL]B3X-J+)$!K:X2+*(E
MH:^NJHK2+) P[/8X[+A9YN
EGEU2+



M:D(.8#QAK$SJ+=&J+2MN;FEY'W)6*LIRZ^6F;3O&:8;*6=Z2;:)6Z;DZ(2F*
MK'8*KH0&S^LBZ/\9*

M2&_8WC %XZ[M%FYG7G )%Y

DYJP8K^M)U2!E9JD*GR/ULN?DPG!\
MV6_Y.N &

M&!ND)'_R'Q.S_7KJZ1KS=(7%H/?R79DALDD#S*NL3KS;-8J/6O%Y.67.'C


FE@YQJB:O


I5ZG-$AR'\X*]<LN-LGB


MY5]'TM5:[V [
!+O-&\+-&DGJFQ'2ZQV\P[S

1
MYDVCM'/_:O_
QJWB9EZ=)M!(2U=9#]]AGS.\I;)A)W4BIZR#%K2;IG*
-?23





*P%

M=
*&:\QW\\.^8[Q5L\R(
*R5O&

MO=&/VLH?/8(E/0B_(]







Q5
ML68O5(G3FFO
VO-:C.FG_K7/FNJS/M9 #NL+%F&-^_KL?.NO_NN;_NK/AD^%


M6_^4.'N)WXWNC[_VOSY 7 






M4



(L3%'%%5EL

!#%+((8DL<C4?D4Q2R269;-+))Z&
M4LHI4332RBNQS%++U*AD;@O@WIKI.[+/

O\0



1S^Y'

MNR9.\7

M
U;
B6R



M8D@9VK2:=:K*9
@NK3I3C[*VJNF$K47CVMK5BLNTO77K:W4+7-V&MK*WM:5K

MN

OB9HTRG-O*91$R-'U)-&B+S9QJ5:^:
MU:U6#4+F


MQ
1/]BQFP98.?MXM\)CIXCX(XNJ.U!2
Q&;KLUZ/\YI*\#S*^_2)Z].?K).
MSWJM\(P.\3KHL)QM!:\K^=[N@DAL RL,E]P,_\;OM(8LMD;0]T(-MQ)P9FP


1





ML1B-\1B1



1S%




M

QY3$F4XO@X0QUQ*#8FV6\M O
MARZ[*K5SG+8D V8%/
S03

A92V'LLT% Y/02BSQ
MOA(&VQ(NW5 T=7

6I_ -S.?8/_O$WFGV8 2HX!P*JLONX3
N7R!)L*
M_F@O.AO/G1BO-[$S.[63%(^S_5PS*COQOX@(JUB
_?8RH\ZS.XV3/ &3-#MG

M
8G0$7]+*PM+*431CU4!^-20W$T1W6TKX[J0]\P!\?SF$* _TMFYRS1JV3


ME H%TTD=4[$65$TM=#

PK1=%275$;;;44)

M\Y]
M5MIDUNYTEL+-5F!%58_]9^HM5W=]5T)ISW-
D7[+18%U3P=-3K!-$SI



O
M195.9Q3W/!5DV312J_9F671B;]1L!7=P==%AM9*\\Q3\7:*8'.KO1JPT])



5W?
FW?
WW?-$W?=5W

M@15X@1FX@1WX@2$X@B5X@BFX@BWX@C$X@S5X@SFX@SWX@T$XA$5XA$FXA$WX
MA%$XA55XA5FXA5WXA6$XAF5XAFFXAFWXAG$XAW5XAWFXAWWXAX$XB(5XB(FX

5X
MC
FXC



YN9
]




M*?JBW]FB
7JCU]FA.?JC03JD17JD2;JD3?JD43JE57JE6;JE7?JE83JF97JF

MI7JJJ;JJK?JJL3JKM7JKN;JKO?JKP3JLQ7JLR;JLS?JLT3JMU7JMV;JMW?JM

M%7_Q&;_Q'?_Q(3_R)7_R*;_R+?_R
3_S-7_S.;_S/?_S03_T17_T2;_T3?_T

MN8F_^)-[]Y%?NX]_^9W_^:$_^J5_^JF_^JW_^K$_^[5_^[F_^[U?D)7_^XW;

M(  ('$BPH


F3
M*%.J7

&/*G$FSILV;.'/JW
FSI\^?0(
*'4JTJ-&C2)




+'DRXL.'_PX@3*U[
N+'CQY C2YY
N;+ERY@S:][
N;/G
MSZ!#BQY-NK3ITZA3JU[-NK7KU[!CRYY-N[;MV[ASZ][-N[?OW\#Q].O+CQ

--9HXXTX




MI)9JZJFHIJKJJJRVZNJKL
8JZZRTUFKKK;CFJNNNO/;JZZ_ !BOLL
06:^RQ



:<=^[Y
MYZ'+OKHI)=N^NFHIZ[ZZJRW[OKKL

M\



@]/J2*@.P+(2
BR#+2$8Z35*0D5\G*



VI3G?*TY[Z]*= #:I06YJO@EYDJ$A-JE*7RM2F.O6I
M4(VJ5*=*U:I:]:I8S:I6M\K5KGKUIQS[JEC'2M:RFO6L:$VK6O_7RM:VNO6M


1VBT/ HM(FY?&XE;TG&V:JWM0$VB&X7

M6^*NW;6AP]24?(48M@*O;


M):4CKZ)G\MMRH^PV=P+D?.X*Y+-DWSS


M-_)LPF.4&YS'X9[]?#T:WO/?.;VB(9N:&_K42%IR3-M]ZQRAV^ZID//.1@

MI._


M3GV2:=_NHT]WTZN=^







MB



MB)MDJ9=9N(IG^8B_.8K%B8;$J5Q@:)L@!E\.B9-.J9RF2)
H%8M9&6W!26//






%2*E81*K;$*IT59J(IX87=FDA9*E$3*IBBW

8J[PII?/*HPK+





G+7_!!RM-:R\7ZNRM@F_
M.HR:SPN&)R[DJV-'R0J]FO#9R] 



F' LRMPLISK)


PHL9Q1G

N]OHR$38T/\
MH(\*H/_5O+V2/:I\K



F\^UC781CK+_EDO/^@WAAVO)


Z)




C
8]U/%^S^7E






.+*C
MS(XB5;J4N/)D298Y+?*LV7-CRYHW@S(4&K

MZU:N7;U^!1M6[%BR8XV:?.J1J


@0^$8 0E
M.$$*5M%\1@!C6X00YVT(/N:V (]_5!$I;0A=$80I5N$(6MM%+X1A#

M0AK.2X8WQ&$.=;A#'O;0AS\$8A%


MI6R

OXNC]RK_Q[?$@

M3'(T:Y2?&/

8K@D2

MQ6A&-;I1;N&3HQ\%:4A%.E*2EM2D)_65E:!#4)2V%$\NA6E
93I3FM;4G?!!

M3VIXLYSQ?



MYOB2-^Z.BD&
3
FY6



W.[?1



M?O;UI&UJR-3:W!REYK:_W=L632C:G)XTL!WKW]:0.SZ2ENL?#9OO^Y#[6HLN
M=EZOC&] /=?2XTQLF[4MYH4[MLP'Y_;Q\#QMB
_[D(SF\G=BS64
G]OCNNUU


[NTBT(?N\V%.4]N- A5JI.CL_./$2

MB^6+OET*N_3SM)Z#P/MP.


R6D/ (D/[&S0
33P31DPSYS
MPCX\F ]
C!#$DA%

M0Q

MFS)XO$4=W
9#+-UXCH&.[XD!#H%E$=39$3AT\9-[,:$+YPY+O@L\5;%#TK

MFSY,-$)L-,B2U2%Q$D1XKWF&S0I]$=]M#+@ND(P)
D-Y*ZQ4[V2O+VYVS[T
MJD JU$@'5#V*A#0U5$&WJQ&$]#Q(G:+'^[2S_)BD17O

OTXLFJC+P$

I/NLZVA+XXA++\+(
MZ:-$F1Q*O'1'32Q
GF3LZ3,CJ$Z??,\[YOM/S(B'1+9A1(N60+53S*H&P]
MI?O



MO

]V
P[QHT2I4TP!5OYV;3_;

M+]GK- GE2DVE.Q=U:-4;K+1#PEU1$2PQ_M21ZKMA9\ML7JSWA\4P*#4]]
MO!VLF1CTS[+YC--#F5D%)P'DTTD5MK:ZU4NUIV?TT8W$QSR-_]7BF\0R0S]!
M+54E93AUB\6JDU


J8G+%W
MS5(H]52]/
_WLCQT-=07H[VVG-9^5:Z.LQAV
;+_'%


MDJ:B95J

M^]JT;9Y9W%/$B2=0@ZZM;:BG5=NZO?\;NDV5R9PPLSW;L+7;OUU9OS7)966H





MQ%_MW\?=8;&\8*X1&FX


/DZ)?=0!TUI4QL/6:ICGFY29K2
:_60:J60LKF9_*N*$M:];


QD


!JO:E.B9


35K@RL

U$4M!7DU*
WNXP6/5



MY\%DQW



+G=QML=9



M

XL*! @@@-


M&7.KX\-HYZJ-RQ;I8\AMR1:=FO@I:).A 9/


M?'4Y^/#BQY
?W[P\^O3JU[-O[_X]_/CRYV=G[?R\4JF$/^\&#)WW6HT9UQ1_








G_[DZ



M6BSA$7D'






VO7S_Z:R:
V=8HWE=M8$VM%


Y0
MT]?];@B[_/TO@ -
&W?J


M ]:QWR[FW_1(N
A&SO%Q'XS'&CM

H+
MGHEA;:SF-;.YS6XV%8&7_.8Y*XG*9V3OD^FLYSVO-\^]XC.@S[HG47VYG7)N






$3
QF/_N_DPM:
MT**YS&A_.]R%G3^=Q5VO&(OPU7].LXL?95Q\GY'? \]WN55\\(0_O(E7//9!
M@W?F2'^1X

#W/? 8IW'=67U0

D[[TH@[Y0 F:]]6S
MOO6N?_WC*YB?FB/'[Y2W?







MDH681I(;=)'0/V)D1V+:/(ZD29XD2J:D2JXD2[:D2[XD3


H?]S5?B@6E4SXE5$9ENO_U)$Z&


M9F/V):])YM+-5&(ZW6-.)F=VIF=BX5^6I:)9YF?6Y-9H);AEYF6Z6VFVIFN^
MIMF%9E5N)FP:6FJJYLO1YD
66VWVIE:6I&\2)6:29NG])7&Z9EL&HFX*9Z(%

PA


MW1'74-B(6%:1NM?K;-54$M767$[3Q&A3FA4'D=MD:5MR-HE]L@R%#D_2
=V7
MLM.6

MY-!Y1FBCR5ZW


F)N*5G<=



MZ5

MW!?C0;(&8XH634XTZ1)'_W75HM7P]!AO'0OP\OHQ*6??!47
$8&D%WTG[* K
M\S9R^Z)I'N/Q['XJ'#OD*T
3%6
: +]P!+EP.C77H^K-V#S*PS*=&8NM-\UR
M+@OR!+&4'.7Q+E'D'-
Q.MU.LSE@%H)S$O19$-#9LS=24SK0ZR2F;FRMI.

7/7CPU:F!JM$C.QP5C8VO5HL&2J[.H
@:#SKD:R2_D2+NFR#*\3

SE4D!:S^G:S

QC',Z.W9-2^Y!
M/[=H)HET'S!9&RU9]0OEQO$&5$GU[

MAQG\?C=+8RH7BU?-YGB%QOF^ZG5I]PE'5ZL2R6K/=+7?8GCC?O$M$K0X7VMC
M;S50[_A(H_*R%*NY1+5WRP+_U&W_2W(W.UPE*.CZ?GBM(W0R./(CLTW(90
M5@OK%)TJ16&1ML+X%F75;:DXGWQYOHZ6E')97SMS=D




M$%L2\I[T_'!TY
S\3O


MRT\R2O\'
7Y1^#



MJX0I+K[FN28O?=[B.L%J2])2D



F'+EP);_
M3N5J^.-9NVJ=0D;[5NG&S&[%8E:]^K1EP3+;(B;]=7'+PGD[1Y8
MZGLS[1_



MSSV7L\[/[!,3[X#@?*00AC?'/0&ND;*
 I3[PN40

M4YK@:DU(/_/Y'/0ZDK5+%5,F80M/QWW PG0I#U2
U:;YUR4U
I*U/5+DT$
M-D1? 1-6





6D:BD4Y:Z:69;MKIIZ%&



M+_KQRSGOW///00]==.8VW]5TJ*.DO-7%*?][='G3BWVSUVDG4_;;R:[=6]QC





ML!/6K.JW$@TJ$44:=&'D$!+%)8IPBCZ1(A6E:
4H2NJ% EQA%5OH1H
5-=

MD9E


MFDQX+I1K77H0R$:48E.E*(5[9U%,9I1C6Z4HQWUZ$=!DJ&CE1P(37I25&:

MI;H-J4UUZE.A&E6I3I6J^G1I5;&:/2UF]:5+]:K:N!I6\%$(BF(UJRAMA3T4
M7?6L0@W+%D=XJ3S5$(]
VN 




$-

0E-O&)49QB%:^8Q2UV

#ISI9Q

^OQ#6BF[.<_POE%-]ODGKELJQ9!.3QH=O2C
M(1UI22,PT=\R=*#9*N9IEN?+9Y/8F@UT9X)U2#<8&O5H.8W8!WMC\M2KJ(G








-_+H HWZ
L\3

MBNX7MXLBQ;&5R/+I



M.-=


M






SA




K]8_]88_XMI-GCIN$\/



MZ;JN.VFM[3JO]7JO^;JO_?JO 3NP+0JO!;NP#?NP$3NQ%7NQ&;NQ\YE)'3NR
M)7NR*;NR[0FJ+3NS-3N0'NS/?NS0=NDQ%6
#NTLTE53;F&]64N$XNX:&@M



\Q6T3:35<)JUR$R/<[82PPN6W<7$\QD,<*WN\=*T/A7QPO
6



M/-L CGDQ7&S:7



MAEZKN=Z(^7V)Z0[74!XBQ?T%U_XFL=[VV._NR9[YYIZ%!_1Y%[)5+UU))5Z%














M_QK'O$
Q:JV)4'53CY?D)K+?H0V#W;
6V



-3HPHUQRANQ( [/%G3W
LDREROZV
M0S%.

MQOR&EI#B6^\PUCP\SD23


MI*GHK]SGF

_ULERIVE5$2DIZ7


G-HS=5A
M=;

-N-Q

W;;W$X0AWAR7QXQG
M7

L(XW+*^.0O5U^IB[1'&'


MC
#M]C4


M6ZJ!N

 '?D;PG=6_



V D71V0
YU]?!G[P-DBO$W1:1X





G%@?3L@B QB%=L-V





QGD!ST7#

5'PN2Q+QICKF9/.%9SW2$7Z
_B:%XJ9$



KI@9_B



 %;
D8F@ @YX'S, -[, /#,$1+,$33,$5
M;,$7C,$9K,$;S,$=[,$?#,(A+,(C3,(E;,(GC,(IK,(KS,(M[,(OG)T)#,,S
M3,,U;,,W3%H!C,,[S,,][,,_K*\R#,1#3,1%;,1'_#YC
1+S
1-[
1/#
51
M+
533
55;
57C




P2S
PTS
Q6S
QXS
MR:S
R\S





MOS\MU$



