

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001010549-18-000113
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		102
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20171231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20180405
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20180405
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			GREENWAY TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001572386
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS FOOD PREPARATIONS & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2090]
		IRS NUMBER:				900893594
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55030
		FILM NUMBER:		18740233
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8851 CAMP BOWIE WEST BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 240
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76116
		BUSINESS PHONE:		817-346-6900
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8851 CAMP BOWIE WEST BLVD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 240
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76116
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	UMED HOLDINGS
 INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130318








     





WASHINGTON
 D.C. 20549




ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES
                                         EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

31
 2017.

TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

_____________ to _________________.



GREENWAY
    TECHNOLOGIES
 INC.

(Exact name of issuer as specified in
        its charter)
        

    
    

State
    or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)
(I.R.S.&nbsp;&nbsp;Employer
    Identification No.)

    
    

    
8851 Camp Bowie Blvd.&nbsp;&nbsp;West
&nbsp;&nbsp;Suite 240
Fort Worth
 Texas
    
    
    
    

Registrant&rsquo;s telephone number
        including area code: (
        

    
    

Securities
    registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act:
    

    
    

Securities
    registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act:
Common
    stock
 par value $0.0001 per share

    
(Title
    of class)

    
    
    


is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes [ ] No [X]

is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes [ ] No [X]

(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
 and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirement for the past 90 days. Yes [X] No [ ]

has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site
 if any
 every Interactive Data File required to be submitted
and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (&sect;232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes [X] No [ ]

    
    



of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (&sect;229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein
 and will
not be contained
 to the best of registrant&rsquo;s knowledge
 in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference
in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. [ ]

is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions
of &ldquo;large accelerated filer
&rdquo; &ldquo;accelerated filer
&rdquo; and &ldquo;smaller reporting company&rdquo; in Rule
12b-2 of the Exchange Act:


Large
    accelerated filer [ ]
Accelerated
    filer [ ]

Non-accelerated
    filer [ ]
Smaller
    reporting company [X]


is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12(b)-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [ ] No [X]

common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30
 2017 reported on the OTCQB operated by The OTC Markets Group
Inc. on that date was approximately $40
315
332. Common stock held by each officer and director and by each person known to the
registrant to own five percent or more of the outstanding common stock has been excluded in that those persons may be deemed to
be affiliates. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes.

of each of the registrant&rsquo;s classes of common stock
 as of the latest practicable date. At March 26
 2018
 the registrant
had outstanding 282
747
010 shares of common stock
 par value $0.0001 per share.

    
    




    
    

    
    

    
    



    

    
    

    
    



    

    
    


    Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity

    



    



    



    



    



    



    



    

    
    

    
    



    



    



    



    



    

    
    



    


    
    

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS

inherent in all projected operational matters
 the inclusion of forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K
 should not be regarded
as a representation by us or any other person that any of our objectives or plans will be achieved or that any of our operating
expectations will be realized. Our revenues and results of operations are difficult to forecast and could differ materially from
those projected in the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-K
 as a result of certain risks and uncertainties
including
 but not limited to
 our business reliance on third parties to provide us with technology
 our ability to integrate
and manage acquired technology
 assets
 companies and personnel
 changes in market condition
 the volatile and intensely competitive
environment in the business sectors in which we operate
 rapid technological change
 and our dependence on key and scarce employees
in a competitive market for skilled personnel. These factors should not be considered exhaustive; we undertake no obligation to
release publicly the results of any future revisions we may make to forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances
after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.


 this
report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
(the &ldquo;Exchange Act&rdquo;). Such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties
 including
 among other things
statements regarding our business strategy
 future revenues and anticipated costs and expenses. Such forward-looking statements
include
 among others
 those statements including the words &ldquo;expects
&rdquo; &ldquo;anticipates
&rdquo; &ldquo;intends
&rdquo;
&ldquo;believes&rdquo; and similar language. Our actual results may differ significantly from those projected in the forward-looking
statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include
 but are not limited to
 those discussed in the
section entitled &ldquo;Item 7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.&rdquo;
You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements
 which speak only as of the date of this report.
We undertake no obligation to publicly release any revisions to the forward-looking statements or reflect events or circumstances
taking place after the date of this document.



of financial condition
 results of operations
 liquidity
 and capital resources
 should be read in conjunction with our audited
consolidated financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report
 which have been prepared assuming that
we will continue as a going concern. As discussed in the condensed consolidated financial statements
 our recurring net losses
and inability to generate sufficient cash flows to meet our obligations and sustain our operations raise substantial doubt about
our ability to continue as a going concern. Management&rsquo;s plans concerning these matters are also discussed in the condensed
consolidated financial statements. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties
 including
information with respect to our plans
 intentions and strategies for our businesses. Our actual results may differ materially
from those estimated or projected in any of these forward-looking statements.

&ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;our
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; and similar terms in this report
 as well as references to &ldquo;UMED&rdquo;
and &ldquo;Greenway Technologies
&rdquo; all refer to Greenway Technologies
 Inc
 and our wholly-owned subsidiary
 Greenway Innovative
Energy
 Inc.
 unless the context requires otherwise.


incorporated as Dynalyst Manufacturing Corporation (&ldquo;Dynalyst&rdquo;) under the laws of the State of Texas on March 13
2002.&nbsp;

    
    


connection with the merger with Universal Media Corporation (&ldquo;UMC&rdquo;)
 a Nevada corporation
 on August 17
 2009
 we
changed our name to Universal Media Corporation. The transaction was accounted for as a reverse merger
 and Universal Media Corporation
was the acquiring company on the basis that Universal Media Corporation&rsquo;s senior management became the entire senior management
of the merged entity and there was a change of control of Dynalyst. The transaction was accounted for as recapitalization of Dyanlyst&rsquo;s
capital structure. In connection with the merger
 Dynalyst issued 57
500
000 restricted common shares to the shareholders of Universal
Media Corporation for 100% of Universal Media Corporation.

 2009
 Dynalyst approved
the amendment of its articles of incorporation and filed with the Texas Secretary of State an amendment to change our name to
Universal Media Corporation and approved the increase in authorized shares to 300
000
000 shares of common A stock
 par value
$0.0001 and 20
000
000 shares of common B
 par value $0.0001.

 2011
 Universal Media Corporation
approved the amendment of its articles of incorporation and filed with the Texas Secretary of State an amendment to change our
name to UMED Holdings
 Inc.

 2017
 Greenway Technologies
Inc. approved the amendment of our certificate of formation and filed on June 23
 2017
 with the Texas Secretary of State
 to
change our name to Greenway Technologies
 Inc.


 Greenway Technologies
(formerly
 UMED) acquired 100% of Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc. (&ldquo;GIE&rdquo;) which owns patents and trade secrets for
a proprietary technology to convert natural gas into synthesis gas (&ldquo;syngas&rdquo;). Based on a new
 breakthrough process
called Fractional Thermal Oxidation&trade; (&ldquo;FTO&rdquo;)
 GIE&rsquo;s G-Reformer&trade;
 combined with a Fischer-Tropsch
(&ldquo;FT&rdquo;) process
 offers an economical and scalable method to converting natural gas to liquid fuel (the &ldquo;GTL
Technology&rdquo;).

 2017
 Greenway Technologies
in conjunction with the University of Texas at Arlington (&ldquo;UTA&rdquo;)
 announced that it had successfully demonstrated
its GTL technology at the Conrad Greer Laboratory at UTA proving the viability of the GTL Technology. Greenway Technologies now
plans to commercialize the GTL Technology and is in discussions with several oil and gas companies
 and other individuals and
organizations regarding joint venture funding for its first GTL plant using our proprietary processes. Should an agreement be
made
 the joint venture relationship will provide funding at a level of $15M to $30M with an ongoing profit-sharing arrangement
between Greenway Technologies and the joint venture partner. Our GTL Technology is unique in that it allows for plants with a
smaller footprint
 versus legacy large-scale technologies
 combined with lower up-front and ongoing costs.

for our GTL Technology is the harvesting of stranded natural gas. There is an abundance of stranded natural gas located throughout
the United States and the world with no practical way to transfer the gas to existing distribution systems for sale. This valuable
energy resource sits untapped
 unused
 or more harmfully
 is vented to the atmosphere. Our GTL Technology allows this valuable
energy resource to be harvested and monetized.

patented GTL Technology offers a solution to this energy challenge. Our system allows for relatively small by comparison
 scalable
plants
 to be deployed at geographically dispersed locations to convert natural gas into synthetic fuel that is transportable
and can be sold directly to markets without the need for additional processing at a refinery.

a production-scale FT system (&ldquo;the Technology&rdquo;) to accommodate the needs of smaller gas plays that are increasingly
beginning to characterize natural gas production within the United Stated and elsewhere. We are currently seeking funding of $20M
to build the initial GTL plant.

 the Company
will produce water and can produce electricity using the heat from the G-reformer.

 2016
 we have raised
approximately $3
746
750 and have built a small-scaled prototype unit at UTA
 pursuant to an SRA with UTA.


    
    



 UMED acquired the
mineral mining rights to approximately 1
440 acres of BLM placer mining claims in Mohave County
 Arizona for 5
066
000 shares
of our restricted common stock. We staked the claims in September 2011
 and
 since then
 have maintained them and plan to establish
an exploration and development plan
 when capital is available. We plan to drill test holes and test the samples on our claims
to determine the potential value of the various metals that may be located on the claims. Early indications
 from samples taken
and processed
 provides reason to believe that the potential recovery value of the metals located on the 1
440 acres is significant
but actual mining and processing will determine the ultimate value which may be realized. Funding of $500
000 is being sought
to begin certified assaying
 to determine the viability of continued development of our mining claims. However
 it should be noted
that at no time has Greenway Technologies been a mining operator.


financial statement
 the Company has liabilities in excess of assets by $2.8 million as of December 31
 2017. During the twelve
months ended December 31
 2017
 we used net cash of $2
230
759 for operating activities. Our ability to continue as a going concern
is in doubt and dependent upon necessary capital and financing to fund ongoing our operations and achieving a profitable level
of operations. We do not have the financial resources and do not have any commitments for funding from unrelated parties or any
other firm agreements that will provide working capital to our business segments. We cannot give any assurance that we will locate
any funding or enter into any agreements that will provide the required operating capital. We have been depended on the sale of
equity and advances from shareholders to provide it with working capital to date.

about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our independent registered public accounting firm issued a going concern qualification
in their report dated April 4
 2018
 which raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.

operations and generate revenues
 our cash position may not be sufficient to support our daily operations. Management intends
to raise additional funds by way of a public or private offering. Management believes that the actions presently being taken to
further implement our business plan and generate revenues provides the opportunity for the registrant to continue as a going concern.
While we believe in the viability of our strategy to generate revenues and in our ability to raise additional funds
 there can
be no assurances to that effect. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon the implementation of our business
plan and generate revenues.


natural gas owners who we expect will be our future customers. Our prospective customers are engaged in economically sensitive
and competitive businesses. As a result
 we will be indirectly affected by all the risks facing natural gas owners
 which are
beyond our control. Our results of operations will depend
 in part
 on the financial strength of our customers and our customers&rsquo;
ability to compete effectively in the marketplace and manage their risks. Many of these risks are discussed below.
Our Legal Rights and Remedies are
Uncertain in the Event of a Default by a Joint Venture Partner. 
a joint venture agreement
 such as to repossess our equipment
 we would be required to do so in the courts
 and under the laws
of the country where the equipment is located. The legal systems of foreign countries may not allow for the repossession of equipment
as quickly and as cost-effectively as in the U.S.
 with the result that we may face greater delays and expenses in exercising
any rights under our joint venture agreement. Consequently
 losses due to a default by a lessee may be greater than otherwise
would be the case.


will continue to improve their GTL offerings and introduce new GTL methods with competitive price and performance characteristics.
We expect that we will be required to continue to invest in product development and productivity improvements to compete effectively
in our markets. Our competitors could develop a

    
    



more aggressive and costly marketing campaigns than ours
 which may adversely affect our marketing strategies and could have a
material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition. Important factors affecting our ability
to compete successfully include:

Sales
                                         and marketing efforts;

Rapid
                                         and effective development of new
 unique GTL techniques; and



GTL Technology
 we can either choose to maintain market share by reducing our prices to meet competition or maintain prices
 which
would likely sacrifice market share. Sales and overall profitability could be reduced in either case. In addition
 if competitors
enter our existing markets
 we may be unable to compete successfully against existing or new competition.

far greater resources than we have and have far greater experience in the GTL industry than we possess.

 there is significant competition
for personnel and financial capital to be deployed in the oil and gas extraction industries and mining and mineral extraction
industries. Therefore
 it is difficult for smaller companies such as Greenway Technologies to attract investment for its various
business activities. We cannot give any assurances that we will be able to compete for capital funds
 and without adequate financial
resources management cannot assure that we will be able to compete in our business activities.
Patents and Intellectual
Property

 2017
 GIE
 our wholly-owned
subsidiary
 owns United States Patents Nos. 8
574
501 B1 and 8
795
597 B2 covering its mobile GTL conversion technology for the
purpose of converting natural gas to clean synthetic fuels.

 a patent&rsquo;s
term may be up to 21 years if the earliest claimed filing date is that of a provisional application. Other legal provisions may
however
 shorten or lengthen a patent&rsquo;s term. In the United States
 a patent&rsquo;s term may
 in certain cases
 be lengthened
by patent term adjustment
 which compensates a patentee for administrative delays by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office in examining
and granting a patent. Alternatively
 a patent&rsquo;s term may be shortened if a patent is terminally disclaimed over a commonly
owned patent or a patent naming a common inventor and having an earlier expiration date.

its G-Reformer&trade; front-end reforming process.


the rest of the economy. Specifically
 our costs to complete our proposed GTL units could rise if specific components needed see
a rise in cost.


through equity or debt offerings what we feel is sufficient working capital for our intended business plan by various means. If
we are not able to raise additional capital
 we would not be able to continue operations and our business may fail.

could have an adverse effect on our ability to raise additional financing. To properly deploy our GTL Technology
 we will need
to construct GTL units. We currently do not have any arrangements to obtain debt or equity capital to finance the construction
of GTL units
 and if we do not obtain such capital we may be unable to expand our anticipated operations. Severe disruptions in
the commercial credit markets in the recent past have resulted in a


    
    


Liquidity in the global credit markets was severely contracted by these market disruptions
 making it difficult and costly to
obtain new lines of credit or to refinance existing debt. The effect of these disruptions was widespread and difficult to quantify.
While economic conditions have recently improved
 that trend may not continue and the extent of the current economic improvement
is unknown. Any future disruptions in the commercial credit markets may impact liquidity in the global credit market as greatly
or even more
 than in recent years.

be dependent upon completion of future financings. If the credit environment worsens
 it may be difficult to obtain any additional
financing on acceptable terms
 which could have an adverse effect on our ability to complete our planned projects
 and as a consequence
our results of operations and business plans. Should general economic conditions not improve
 if we are unable to obtain sufficient
funding such that completion of planned projects is not probable
 or should management decide to abandon certain projects
 all
or a portion of our investment to date in our planned projects could be lost and would result in an impairment charge.
Our Financial Results May Be Affected by Factors Outside
of Our Control

in the normal course of business or service our debt in a timely manner throughout 2018 without raising additional debt or equity
capital. There can be no assurance that additional debt or equity capital will be raised.

strategic alternatives that include the following: (i) raising of capital
 or (ii) issuance of debt instruments. This process
is ongoing and can be lengthy and has inherent costs. There can be no assurance that the exploration of strategic alternatives
will result in any specific action to alleviate our 12 month working capital needs or result in any other transaction.

$150
000 per month to sustain operations and to pay UTA for the SRAs until our first GTL unit is completed and deployed.

significantly from quarter to quarter due to a variety of factors
 many of which are outside our control. Our anticipated expense
levels are based
 in part
 on our estimates of future revenues and may vary from projections. We may be unable to adjust spending
rapidly enough to compensate for any unexpected revenues shortfall. Accordingly
 any significant shortfall in revenues in relation
to our planned

affect our business
 operating results
 and financial condition. Further
 we believe that period-to-period comparisons of our
operating results are not necessarily a meaningful indication of future performance.


to a large degree upon the personal efforts of our key personnel
 D. Patrick Six
 our chairman
 president
 chief financial officer
and director
 Raymond Wright
 our corporate secretary officer
 and director
 and president of GIE
 our subsidiary
 and Thomas
Phillips
 the vice president of operations of GIE
 all of whom will play a major role in securing the services of those persons
who can develop our business strategy upon receipt of sufficient funds to pay for such services either from success through receipt
of funds from earnings
 borrowing or sales of our securities. Greenway Technologies has only one employee
 D. Patrick Six
 at
the date of this report. GIE has two employees
 Raymond Wright and Thomas Phillips
 at the date of this report. We do not have
any other employees at this time. In the future
 when we need other persons for aspects of our GTL work and other functions
 we
will hire persons under service agreements as consultants
 part-time and full-time employees as necessary. While we intend to
employ additional personnel in order to minimize the critical dependency upon any one person
 there can be no assurance that we
will be successful in attracting and retaining the persons needed. We do not have any arrangements for the hiring of any persons
at this time. We do not anticipate any difficulty in securing the services of required personnel.


perform the engineering and design work on the GTL Technology
 until such time as capital funds are available to hire in-house
staff. In that regard we have Sponsored Research Agreements with UTA

    
    


and have contracted with UTA to build a small-scale GTL unit at the university. See &ldquo;Item 7. Management&rsquo;s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Consulting Agreements.&rdquo;


to fund our business plan through investments in our securities
 revenues from operations
 or borrowings. See Item 7. &ldquo;Management&rsquo;s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations &ndash; Financing Activities.&rdquo; If we are not able
to raise additional capital as described above
 we would not be able to continue and our business would fail. As of the date of
this report
 we do not have any commitments for financing.


Inc. whose address is 512 SE Salmon Street
 Portland
 Oregon 97214-3444
 2nd Floor
 telephone number (503) 227-2950.


offices at 8851 Camp Bowie West
 Suite 240
 Fort Worth
 Texas 76116
 and telephone number (817) 346-6900. Our wholly-owned subsidiary
Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc. (&ldquo;GIE&rdquo;)
 has offices at 1521 North Cooper Street
 Suite 207
 Arlington
 Texas 76011.
. The information contained in our Internet website
shall not be deemed to constitute a part of this report.



Our limited operating history may not serve as an adequate
basis to judge our future prospects and results of operations.

have a limited operating history upon which you can evaluate our business and prospects. We have yet to develop sufficient experience
regarding actual revenues to be received from our GTL Technology. You must consider the risks and uncertainties frequently encountered
by early stage companies in new and rapidly evolving markets. If we are unsuccessful in addressing these risks and uncertainties
our business
 results of operations and financial condition will be materially and adversely affected. The risks and difficulties
we face include challenges in accurate financial planning as a result of limited historical data and the uncertainties resulting
from having had a relatively limited time period in which to implement and evaluate our business strategies as compared to older
companies with longer operating histories.
We need additional financing to implement our business
plan.

program for our GTL Technology in a manner that not only introduces GTL Technology across the United States
 but also allows Greenway
Technology to move aggressively and decisively into the marketplace to establish our GTL Technology
 we will need additional financing.
We will need substantial additional funds to:

Construct
                                         our first full-scale 125 barrel per day GTL unit
 currently estimated at $15 million;

File
                                         prosecute
 defend and enforce our intellectual property rights; and

Produce
                                         and market our GTL units.

funding on favorable terms or at all. If additional funding is not obtained
 we will need to reduce
 defer or cancel the construction
of our full-scale GTL unit
 planned initiatives
 or overhead expenditures to the extent necessary. The failure to fund our full-scale
GTL unit could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial

    
    


Moreover
 the sale of additional equity securities to raise financing could result in additional dilution to our shareholders
and the incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations that could result in operating and financing
covenants that would restrict our future operations.
Our GTL Technology is subject to the changing applicable
laws and regulations.

to changing federal and state laws and regulations with respect to the oil and gas and mining industry. Our success depends in
part on our ability to anticipate and respond to these changes
 and we may not respond in a timely or commercially appropriate
manner to such changes.
We may encounter substantial competition in our business
and failure to compete effectively may adversely affect our ability to generate revenue.

will continue to improve their GTL offerings and introduce new GTL methods with competitive price and performance characteristics.
We expect that we will be required to continue to invest in product development and productivity improvements to compete effectively
in our markets. Our competitors could develop a more efficient GTL product or undertake more aggressive and costly marketing campaigns
than ours
 which may adversely affect our marketing strategies and could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results
of operations and financial condition. Important factors affecting our ability to compete successfully include:

Sales
                                         and marketing efforts;

Rapid
                                         and effective development of new
 unique GTL techniques; and



GTL Technology
 we can either choose to maintain market share by reducing our prices to meet competition or maintain prices
 which
would likely sacrifice market share. Sales and overall profitability could be reduced in either case. In addition
 if competitors
enter our existing markets
 we may be unable to compete successfully against existing or new competition.
Establishing our revenues and achieving profitability
will depend on our ability to develop and commercialize our GTL Technology.

and to achieve profitability and positive cash flows from operations will depend on the successful introduction of our GTL Technology.
Our prospective customers will not use our GTL Technology unless they determine that the benefits provided by our GTL Technology
are greater than those available from competing service providers. Even if the advantage from our GTL Technology is established
prospective customers may elect not to use our GTL Technology for a variety of reasons.

and costly development activities and seek regulatory clearance or approval for new GTL Technology. The completion of the development
and commercialization of our GTL Technology remains subject to all of the risks associated with the commercialization of a GTL
Technology based on innovative technologies
 including unanticipated technical or other problems
 manufacturing difficulties and
the possible insufficiency of the funds allocated for the completion of such development.


talents of our management team. The loss of their services could adversely affect the operations of our business and could have
a very negative impact on our ability to fulfill on our business plan.
We may not be able to hire and retain qualified personnel
to support our growth and if we are unable to retain or hire such personnel in the future
 our ability to improve our GTL Technology
and implement our business objectives could be adversely affected.


    
    

If one or more of our senior
executives or other key personnel are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions
 we may not be able to replace
them easily or at all
 and our business may be disrupted and our financial condition and results of operations may be materially
and adversely affected. Competition for senior management and senior personnel is intense
 the pool of qualified candidates is
very limited
 and we may not be able to retain the services of our senior executives or senior personnel or attract and retain
high-quality senior executives or senior personnel in the future. Such failure could materially and adversely affect our future
growth and financial condition.
We may have difficulty in attracting and retaining management
and outside independent directors to our board of directors as a result of their concerns relating to their increased personal
exposure to lawsuits and shareholder claims by virtue of holding these positions.

are increasingly concerned with the extent of their personal exposure to lawsuits and shareholder claims
 as well as governmental
and creditor claims which may be made against them
 particularly in view of recent changes in securities laws imposing additional
duties
 obligations and liabilities on management and directors. Due to these perceived risks
 directors and management are also
becoming increasingly concerned with the availability of directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo; liability insurance to pay on a
timely basis the costs incurred in defending such claims. We currently carry directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo; liability insurance.
Directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo; liability insurance has recently become much more expensive and difficult to obtain. If we
are unable to continue or provide directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo; liability insurance at affordable rates or at all
 it may
become increasingly more difficult to attract and retain qualified outside directors to serve on our board of directors.

members and management candidates to other companies that have greater directors&rsquo; and officers&rsquo; liability insurance
to insure them from liability or to companies that have revenues or have received greater funding to date which can offer more
lucrative compensation packages. The fees of directors are also rising in response to their increased duties
 obligations and
liabilities as well as increased exposure to such risks. As a company with limited operating history and resources
 we will have
a more difficult time attracting and retaining management and outside independent directors than a more established company due
to these enhanced duties
 obligations and liabilities.
Our future success relies upon our proprietary GTL Technology.
We may not have the resources to enforce our proprietary rights through litigation or otherwise. The loss of exclusive right to
our GTL Technology could have a material adverse effect on our business
 financial condition and results of operations.

not infringe upon the valid proprietary rights of others. Even so
 third parties may still assert infringement claims against
us. If infringement claims are brought against us
 we may not have the financial resources to defend against such claims or prevent
an adverse judgment against us. In the event of an unfavorable ruling on any such claim
 a license or similar agreement to utilize
the intellectual property rights in question relied upon by us in the conduct of our business may not be available to us on reasonable
terms
 if at all.


a variety of operating risks
 including the risk of fire
 explosions
 blow-outs
 pipe failure
 abnormally pressured formations
and environmental hazards such as oil spills
 natural gas leaks
 ruptures or discharges of toxic gases. If any of these should
occur
 we could incur legal defense costs and could suffer substantial losses due to injury or loss of life
 severe damage to
or destruction of property
 natural resources and equipment
 pollution or other environmental damage
 clean-up responsibilities
regulatory investigation and penalties
 and suspension of operations.

liability umbrella policy and a pollution liability policy and will provide workers&rsquo; compensation insurance coverage to
employees in all states in which we operate. While we believe these policies are customary in the industry
 they do not provide
complete coverage against all operating risks. In addition
 our insurance may not cover penalties or fines that may be assessed
by a governmental authority. A loss not fully covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our financial position
results of operations and cash flows. Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover every claim made against us or may
not be commercially available for purchase in the future.


    
    

Our future revenues are unpredictable
and our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly.

 2002
we only have a limited operating history. We cannot forecast with any degree of certainty whether our GTL Technology will generate
revenue or the amount of revenue to be generated by our GTL Technology. In addition
 we cannot predict the consistency of our
quarterly operating results. Factors which may cause our operating results to fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter
include:

Our
                                         ability to attract new and repeat customers;

Our
                                         ability to keep current with the evolving requirements of our target market;

Our
                                         ability to protect our proprietary GTL Technology;

The
                                         ability of our competitors to offer new or enhanced GTL services; and

Unanticipated
                                         delays or cost increases with respect to research and development.
Acts of terrorism
 responses to acts of terrorism and
acts of war may impact our business and our ability to raise capital.

 national
or international responses to such acts
 and measures taken to prevent such acts may harm our ability to raise capital or our
ability to operate
 especially to the extent we depend upon activities conducted in foreign countries. In addition
 the threat
of future terrorist acts or acts of war may have effects on the general economy or on our business that are difficult to predict.
We are not insured against damage or interruption of our business caused by terrorist acts or acts of war.


strategic partnerships will greatly benefit the growth of our business
 and the deployment of our GTL Technology
 and we intend
to seek out and enter into strategic alliances. We may not be able to enter into these strategic partnerships on commercially
reasonable terms
 or at all. Even if we enter into strategic alliances
 our partners may not attract significant numbers of customers
or otherwise prove advantageous to our business. Our inability to enter into new relationships or strategic alliances could have
a material and adverse effect on our business.
Legislative actions and potential new accounting pronouncements
are likely to impact our future financial position and results of operations.

and there may potentially be new accounting pronouncements or additional regulatory rulings
 which will have an impact on our
future financial position and results of operations. These and other potential changes could materially increase the expenses
we report under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
 and adversely affect our operating results.


 although we still
own our mining properties
 we do not currently conduct operations. However
 there are still some risks associated with our mining
properties
 including those risks described below.
We have had no revenue to date from our mining properties
which may negatively impact our ability to achieve our business objectives.

in December 10
 we have not conducted any mining operations and have not generated any revenues. We do not have any operating
history as a mining company upon which to base an evaluation of our current business and future prospects.


    
    

Our mining properties do not have any
known reserves.

an interest have any known reserves. To date
 we have engaged in only limited preliminary exploration activities on the properties.
Accordingly
 we do not have sufficient information upon which to assess the ultimate success of our exploration efforts.
There are uncertainties as to title
matters in the mining industry. Any defects in such title could cause us to lose our rights in mineral properties and jeopardize
our business operations.

rights on Bureau of Land Management (&ldquo;BLM&rdquo;)
 a department of the United States Government. Our mining properties in
the United States are mining claims located on lands administered by the U.S. Bureau of Land Management (&ldquo;BLM&rdquo;)
 to
which we have only mining rights to recover minerals. The mining claims are renewable annual and if not paid revert back to the
BLM. These uncertainties relate to such things as sufficiency of mineral discovery
 proper location and posting and marking of
boundaries
 and possible conflicts with other claims not determinable from descriptions of record. We believe a substantial portion
of all mineral exploration
 development and mining in the United States now occurs on unpatented mining claims
 and this uncertainty
is inherent in the mining industry.

located on BLM lands allows us the right to mine and remove valuable minerals
 such as precious and base metals
 from the claims
conditioned upon applicable environmental reviews and permitting programs. We also are generally allowed to use the surface of
the land solely for purposes related to mining and processing the mineral-bearing ores. However
 legal ownership of the land remains
with the United States. We remain at risk that the mining claims may be forfeited either to the United States due to failure to
comply with statutory requirements. Prior to 1994
 a mining claim locator who was able to prove the discovery of valuable
 locatable
minerals on a mining claim
 and to meet all other applicable federal and state requirements and procedures pertaining to the location
and maintenance of federal unpatented mining claims
 had the right to prosecute a patent application to secure fee title to the
mining claim from the Federal government. The right to pursue a patent
 however
 has been subject to a moratorium since October
1994
 through federal legislation restricting the BLM from accepting any new mineral patent applications. There may be challenges
to title to the mineral properties in which we hold a material interest. If there are title defects with respect to any properties
we might be required to compensate other persons or perhaps reduce our interest in the affected property. Also
 in any such case
the investigation and resolution of title issues would divert our management&rsquo;s time from ongoing production
 exploration
and development programs.
We are required to share our profits
derived from properties in which we do not own 100% fee title.

 we are required to pay
the BLM 10% of revenues derived from sales of minerals from the leased property.


by our management team. Additionally
 this concentration of ownership could discourage or prevent a potential takeover of Greenway
Technologies that might otherwise result in your receiving a premium over the market price for your shares.

 Raymond Wright
 Craig
Takacs
 Kevin Jones
 Ransom Jones
 Kent Harer
 and Thomas Phillips
 the management team of Greenway Technologies
 and its subsidiary
GIE
 own approximately 20.59% of our outstanding shares. As a result
 our management team has the power to significantly influence
all matters submitted to our shareholders for approval and to control our management and affairs
 including extraordinary transactions
such as mergers and other changes of corporate control. Additionally
 this concentration of voting power could discourage or prevent
a potential takeover of Greenway Technologies that might otherwise result in your receiving a premium over the market price for
your shares. See &ldquo;Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.&rdquo;
We may need to raise additional capital. If we are unable
to raise necessary additional capital
 our business may fail or our operating results and our share price may be materially adversely
affected.


    
    

Because we have no record
of profitable operations
 we need to secure adequate funding. If we are unable to obtain adequate funding to construct our first
full-scale GTL unit
 we may not be able to successfully develop and market our GTL Technology and our business will most likely
fail. We do not have any commitments for financing. To additional financing
 we may need to borrow money or sell more securities
which may reduce the value of our outstanding securities. We may be unable to secure additional financing on favorable terms or
at all.

 either privately
or publicly
 would dilute the equity interests of our shareholders. If we borrow money
 we will have to pay interest and may also
have to agree to restrictions that limit our operating flexibility. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing
 we may have
to curtail business operations
 which would have a material negative effect on operating results and most likely result in a lower
share price.
Even though our shares are publicly traded
 an investor&rsquo;s
shares may not be &ldquo;free-trading.&rdquo;

shares of our common stock are not &ldquo;free-trading&rdquo; merely because Greenway Technologies is a publicly-traded company.
In order for the shares to become &ldquo;free-trading
&rdquo; the shares must be registered
 or entitled to an exemption from
registration under applicable law.
The market price for our common stock will most likely
continue to be particularly volatile given our status as a relatively unknown company with a small and thinly traded public float
limited operating history and lack of net revenues which could lead to wide fluctuations in our share price. The price at which
you purchased our common stock may not be indicative of the price that will prevail in the trading market.

by significant price volatility when compared to seasoned issuers
 and we expect that our share price will continue to be more
volatile than a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future. As a consequence of this lack of liquidity
 the trading of relatively
small quantities of shares by our shareholders may disproportionately influence the price of those shares in either direction.
The price for our shares could
 for example
 decline precipitously in the event that a large number of shares of our common stock
are sold on the market without commensurate demand
 as compared to a seasoned issuer which could better absorb those sales without
adverse impact on its share price.

 we are a speculative or &ldquo;risky&rdquo;
investment due to our lack of current revenues. As a consequence of this enhanced risk
 more risk-adverse investors may
 under
the fear of losing all or most of their investment in the event of negative news or lack of progress
 be more inclined to sell
their shares on the market more quickly and at greater discounts than would be the case with the stock of a seasoned issuer.
An investor may be unable to sell his common stock at
or above his purchase price
 which may result in substantial losses to the investor.

volatility in the price of our common stock: actual or anticipated variations in our quarterly or annual operating results; government
regulations
 announcements of significant acquisitions
 strategic partnerships or joint ventures; our capital commitments; and
additions or departures of our key personnel. Many of these factors are beyond our control and may decrease the market price of
our common stock
 regardless of our operating performance. We cannot make any predictions or projections as to what the prevailing
market price for our common stock will be at any time
 including as to whether our common stock will sustain the current market
price
 or as to what effect the sale of shares or the availability of common stock for sale at any time will have on the prevailing
market price.
We may need to raise additional capital. If we are unable
to raise necessary additional capital
 our business may fail or our operating results and our stock price may be materially adversely
affected.

We hope to be able to fund our business through the revenues from operations. If our revenues are insufficient
 we will need to
raise the necessary capital through equity or debt offerings
 which may reduce the value of our outstanding securities. We may
be unable to secure additional financing on favorable terms or at all.

stock
 either privately or publicly
 would dilute the equity interests of our shareholders. If we borrow more money
 we will have
to pay interest and may also have to agree to restrictions that limit our operating flexibility. If we are unable to obtain adequate
financing
 we may have to curtail our operations and our business would fail.

    
    


Volatility in our share price may subject Greenway Technologies
to securities litigation.

for our shares. In the future
 the market for our shares will likely be characterized by significant price volatility when compared
to seasoned issuers
 and we expect that our share prices will be more volatile than a seasoned issuer for the indefinite future.
In the past
 plaintiffs have often initiated securities class action litigation against a company following periods of volatility
in the market price of its securities. We may in the future be the target of similar litigation. Securities litigation could result
in substantial costs and liabilities and could divert management&rsquo;s attention and resources.
Our issuance of additional common stock in exchange for
services or to repay debt would dilute a shareholder&rsquo;s proportionate ownership and voting rights and could have a negative
impact on the market price of our common stock.

issue shares of common stock to pay for debt or services
 without further approval by our shareholders based upon such factors
as our board of directors may deem relevant at that time. It is likely that we will issue additional securities to pay for services
and reduce debt in the future.


on our common stock. Likewise
 we do not anticipate paying
 in the near future
 dividends or distributions on our common stock
or our common stock which may be sold in the future. Any dividends will be declared at the discretion of our board of directors
and will depend
 among other things
 on our earnings
 our financial requirements for future operations and growth
 and other facts
as we may then deem appropriate.
Our directors have the right to authorize the issuance
of additional shares of our common stock.

 within the limitations
and restrictions contained in our certificate of formation and without further action by our shareholders
 have the authority
to issue shares of common stock from time to time. Should we issue additional shares of our common stock at a later time
 each
shareholder&rsquo;s ownership interest in our stock would be proportionally reduced. No shareholder will have any preemptive right
to acquire additional shares of our common stock
 or any of our other securities.
If we fail to remain current in our reporting requirements
we could be removed from the OTCQB
 which would limit the ability of broker-dealers to sell our securities and the ability of
shareholders to sell their securities in the secondary market.

be reporting issuers under Section 12 of the Exchange Act and must be current in their reports under Section 13 of the Exchange
Act
 in order to maintain price quotation privileges on the OTCQB. If we fail to remain current in our reporting requirements
we could be removed from the OTCQB.
Our common stock is subject to the &ldquo;penny stock&rdquo;
rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission
 and the trading market in our common stock will be limited
 which would make
transactions in our stock cumbersome and may reduce the investment value of our stock.

refers to a security issued by a very small company that trades at less than $5.00 per share. Penny stocks generally are quoted
over-the-counter
 such as on the OTCPK or OTCQB which are owned by OTC Markets Group
 Inc. (our shares are traded on the OTCQB);
penny stocks may
 however
 also trade on securities exchanges
 including foreign securities exchanges. In addition
 the definition
of penny stock can include the securities of certain private companies with no active trading market.


    
    


which means that it may be difficult to sell penny stock shares once you own them. Moreover
 because it may be difficult to find
quotations for certain penny stocks
 they may be difficult
 or even impossible
 to accurately price. For these
 and other reasons
penny stocks are generally considered speculative investments. Consequently
 investors in penny stocks should be prepared for
the possibility that they may lose their whole investment (or an amount in excess of their investment if they purchased penny
stocks on margin).

penny stocks
 Congress prohibited broker-dealers from effecting transactions in penny stocks unless they comply with the requirements
of Section 15(h) of the Exchange Act and the rules thereunder. These SEC rules provide
 among other things
 that a broker-dealer
must (1) approve the customer for the specific penny stock transaction and receive from the customer a written agreement to the
transaction; (2) furnish the customer a disclosure document describing the risks of investing in penny stocks; (3) disclose to
the customer the current market quotation
 if any
 for the penny stock; and (4) disclose to the customer the amount of compensation
the firm and its broker will receive for the trade. In addition
 after executing the sale
 a broker-dealer must send to its customer
monthly account statements showing the market value of each penny stock held in the customer's account.
The market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years
from patterns of fraud and abuse.

 according
to SEC Release No. 34-29093
 the market for penny stocks has suffered in recent years from patterns of fraud and abuse. Such patterns
include:

Control
                                         of the market for the security by one or a few broker-dealers that are often related
                                         to the promoter or issuer;

Manipulation
                                         of prices through prearranged matching of purchases and sales and false and misleading
                                         press releases;

Boiler
                                         room practices involving high-pressure sales tactics and unrealistic price projections
                                         by inexperienced salespersons;

Excessive
                                         and undisclosed bid-ask differential and markups by selling broker-dealers; and

The
                                         wholesale dumping of the same securities by promoters and broker-dealers after prices
                                         have been manipulated to a desired level
 along with the resulting inevitable collapse
                                         of those prices and with consequential investor losses.

that have occurred historically in the penny stock market. Although we do not expect to be in a position to dictate the behavior
of the market or of broker-dealers who participate in the market
 management will strive within the confines of practical limitations
to prevent the described patterns from being established with respect to our securities. The occurrence of these patterns or practices
could increase the volatility of our share price.




Left Blank&nbsp;


    
    




Bowie Boulevard West
 Suite 240
 Fort Worth
 Texas 76116
 where we lease approximately 1
800 square feet of office space
 at a
rate of $2
417 per month. GIE rents approximately 600 square feet of office space at 1511 North Cooper St.
 Suite 207
 Arlington
Texas 76011
 at a rate of $1
369 per month. We believe that all of our facilities are adequate for at least the next 12 months.
We expect that we could locate other suitable facilities at comparable rates
 should we need more space.

placer mining claims in Mohave County
 Arizona on BLM land (BLM file no. AMC 403533) covering approximately 1
440 acres in Mohave
County southeast of Kingman
 Arizona.

is included in &ldquo;Item 1. Business&rdquo; and is incorporated herein by reference. We believe that we have satisfactory title
to our mining properties
 subject to liens for taxes not yet payable
 liens incident to minor encumbrances
 liens for credit arrangements
and easements and restrictions that do not materially detract from the value of these properties
 our interests in these properties
or the use of these properties in a business. We believe that the mining properties are adequate and suitable for the conduct
of a mining business in the future.

the federal government has passed title to the claimant
 making the claimant the owner of the surface and mineral rights. An unpatented
mining claim is one which is still owned by the federal government
 but which the claimant has a right to possession to extracted
minerals
 provided the land is open to mineral entry.



a co-defendant in an action brought against the Company and Mamaki Tea
 Inc.
 alleging
 among other things
 that the Company was
named as a co-guarantor on an $850
000 foreclosed loan. Management does not believe the ultimate resolution will have an adverse
impact on the Company&rsquo;s financial condition or results of operations.


 2016
 Greenway Technologies
filed suit under Cause No. DC-16-004718
 in the 193rd District Court
 Dallas County
 Texas against Mamaki of Hawaii
 Inc. (&ldquo;Mamaki&rdquo;)
Hawaiian Beverages
 Inc.(&ldquo;HBI&rdquo;)
 Curtis Borman and Lee Jenison for breach of a Stock Purchase Agreement dated October
29
 2015
 wherein we sold our shares in Mamaki to HBI for $700
000 (along with the assumption of certain debt). The Defendants
failed to make payments of $150
000 each on November 30
 2015
 December 28
 2015 and January 27
 2016. On January 13
 2017
 we
executed a Settlement and Mutual Release Agreement with the Defendants. However
 the Defendants defaulted in their payment obligations
under Settlement and Mutual Release Agreement. Due to the bankruptcy proceedings involving Curtis Borman
 all action in this matter
has been stayed.


    
    


 2017
 in The Third
Judicial District Court of Salt Lake City
 Utah
 Tonaquint
 Inc.
 a Utah corporation
 filed suit against Greenway Technologies
Inc. (F.K.A. UMED Holdings
 Inc.) under Case No. 170905756. Pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Purchase Agreement&rdquo;)
between Tonaquint and Greenway Technologies
 Tonaquint acquired a Convertible Promissory Note (the &ldquo;Note&rdquo;)
 issued
by UMED
 and a Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock (the &ldquo;Warrant&rdquo;). The suit asserts that the Warrant allegedly
provided Tonaquint with the right to purchase at any time on or after September 18
 2014
 a number of fully paid and non-assessable
shares of UMED's common stock equal to $47
400 divided by the Market Price (as defined in the Note
 as of September 18
 2014)
as such number may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Warrant. As of the date of this report
the parties have agreed to settle the dispute by a dismissal of this action with prejudice in return for a mutual release of claims
and a one-time issuance from Greenway Technologies of 1
600
000 shares of our common stock subject to a weekly leak out restriction
equal to the greater of $10
000.00 and 8% of the weekly trading volume. Further
 the issuance of stock will be done in connection
with a legal opinion pursuant to Rule 144.

 we are
not aware of any other asserted or unasserted claims. Management will seek to minimize further disputes but recognizes the inevitability
of legal action in today&rsquo;s business environment as an unfortunate price of conducting business.





Market for Registrant&rsquo;s Common Equity
 Related Stockholder
                                         Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

under the symbol &ldquo;GWTI.&rdquo;

and low bid prices for our common stock on the OTCQB as reported by various market makers. The quotations do not reflect adjustments
for retail mark-ups
 mark-downs
 or commissions and may not necessarily reflect actual transactions.


    
    
    

    
    
    

March
                                         31
 2015
    
    

June
                                         30
 2015
    
    

September
                                         30
 2015
    
    

December
                                         31
 2015
    
    

    
    
    

Fiscal
                                         2016 Quarter Ended:
    
    

March
                                         31
 2016
    
    

June
                                         30
 2016
    
    

September
                                         30
 2016
    
    

December
                                         31
 2016
    
    

    
    
    

Fiscal
                                         2017 Quarter Ended:
    
    

March
                                         31
 2017
    
    

June
                                         30
 2017
    
    

September
                                         30
 2017
    
    

December
                                         31
 2017
    
    



 2017
 we had 287
681
826
shares of our common stock outstanding. Our shares of common stock are held by approximately 498 shareholders of record. The number
of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer agent and does not include beneficial owners of our common stock
whose shares are held in the names of various securities brokers
 dealers
 and registered clearing agencies.


    
    



on our common stock
 nor do we anticipate paying any cash dividends or other distributions on our common stock in the foreseeable
future. Any future dividends will be declared at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend
 among other things
on our earnings
 if any
 our financial requirements for future operations and growth
 and other facts as our board of directors
may then deem appropriate.

under Equity Compensation Plans



below
 we have issued shares of our common stock to various parties:

During
                                         the three months ended December 31
 2017
 the Company issued 2
200
000 shares of restricted
                                         class A common stock to four individuals through private placements for cash of $220
000
                                         at average of $0.10 per share.




During
                                         the three months ended December 31
 2017
 the Company issued&nbsp;3
050
000 shares of
                                         restricted class A common stock for consulting services at average price of $0.094 per
                                         share.




During
                                         the period from January 1
 2018 to March 31
 2018
 the Company issued 5
065
000 shares
                                         of restricted class A common stock to 19 individuals through private placements for cash
                                         of $526
500 at average of $0.104 per shares.


in reliance upon an exemption from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act or Rule 506(3) of Regulation
D promulgated under the Securities Act. Each investor took his securities for investment purposes without a view to distribution
and had access to information concerning us and our business prospects
 as required by the Securities Act. In addition
 there
was no general solicitation or advertising for the purchase of our securities. Our securities were sold only to an accredited
investor and current shareholders as defined in the Securities Act with whom we had a direct personal preexisting relationship
and after a thorough discussion. Each certificate contained a restrictive legend as required by the Securities Act. Finally
 our
stock transfer agent has been instructed not to transfer any of such securities
 unless such securities are registered for resale
or there is an exemption with respect to their transfer.

who received shares of our common stock were provided with access to our filings with the SEC
 including the following:

The
                                         information contained in our annual report on Form 10-K under the Exchange Act.

The
                                         information contained in any reports or documents required to be filed by Greenway Technologies
                                         under sections 13(a)
 14(a)
 14(c)
 and 15(d) of the Exchange Act since the distribution
                                         or filing of the reports specified above.

A
                                         brief description of the securities being offered
 and any material changes in our affairs
                                         that were not disclosed in the documents furnished.





    
    



Management&rsquo;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
                                         and Results of Operations.

TOGETHER WITH THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND RELATED NOTES INCLUDED ELSEWHERE IN THIS ANNUAL REPORT
ON FORM 10-K.

reflects our plan of operation. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements which are attached
to this report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements
 including statements regarding our expected financial position
business and financing plans. These statements involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from
the results described in or implied by these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors
 including those discussed
below and elsewhere in this report
 particularly under the headings &ldquo;Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.&rdquo;

otherwise suggests
 &ldquo;we
&rdquo; &ldquo;our
&rdquo; &ldquo;us
&rdquo; and similar terms in this report
 as well as references
to &ldquo;UMED&rdquo; and &ldquo;Greenway Technologies
&rdquo; all refer to Greenway Technologies
 Inc
 and our wholly-owned subsidiary
Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc.
 unless the context requires otherwise.


a movable production-scale FT system (the &ldquo;Technology&rdquo;) to accommodate the needs of smaller gas plays that are increasingly
beginning to characterize natural gas production within the United States and elsewhere. Based on preliminary estimates with new
improved and more efficient technology than previously projected
 Greenway Technologies is currently seeking funding of $15 million
in conjunction with a joint venture partner to manufacture an initial (125 barrel per day) GTL unit. Locations are currently being
reviewed for the first several 125 barrels per day units. The GTL unit will be composed of GIE&rsquo;s G-Reformer&trade; on the
front end to produce the syn -gas that will be processed by the FT section and the resulting liquid will be separated into diesel
jet fuel and other products in the fractionation tower.

unit at UTA in conjunction with an SRA agreement and are now seeking financing to construct the initial GTL field unit.


 Greenway Technologies
acquired the rights to approximately 1
440 acres of placer mining claims in Mohave County
 Arizona for 5
066
000 shares of our
restricted common stock. Actual mining and processing will determine the ultimate value of the holdings. Our current expectations
are that we will need approximately $2
000
000
 to begin certified assaying ($500
000)
 develop a mining plan with the BLM ($500
000)
and acquire exploration equipment ($1
000
000). The total requirement will not be known until reports from a consulting geologist
are received. Since we have not produced any revenues from our BLM mining leases since our acquisition of the leases
 achieving
a position of producing cash flow levels to fund the development of our BLM mining leases and not having current resources for
an appraisal
 we recognized an impairment charge of $100
000 during the year ended December 31
 2014.

We
remain dependent on outside sources of funding for continuation of our operations. Our independent registered public accounting
firm issued a going concern qualification in their report dated April 4
 2018
 which raises substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern.


    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(9
147
397
    
    
    
(2
018
704
    

    
    
    
(2
226
753
    
    
    
(1
845
765
    

    
    
    
(2
748
201
    
    
    
(2
422
202
    

    
    
    
(2
812
201
    
    
    
(2
416
853
    



    
    



 2017
 Greenway Technologies
has liabilities in excess of assets by $2.8 million. Also
 during the year ended December 31
 2017
 we used net cash of $2
230
759
for operating activities. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern.


doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained herein do not include any adjustments
relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities that
might be necessary should we be unable to continue in existence. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon
our ability to generate sufficient cash flows to meet our obligations on a timely basis
 to obtain additional financing as may
be required
 and ultimately to attain profitable operations. However
 there is no assurance that profitable operations or sufficient
cash flows will occur in the future.

in discussions with several oil and gas companies and other organizations regarding joint venture funding for its first gas-to-liquids
(GTL) plant using the Company&rsquo;s unique GTL system. Should an agreement be made
 the joint venture relationship will provide
funding at a level of $20M with an ongoing profit-sharing arrangement between the Company and the partner organizations and/or
individuals with an economic profile previously not achievable in the GTL industry segment. While there are no assurances that
financing for the first plant will be obtained on acceptable terms and in a timely manner
 the failure to obtain the necessary
working capital may cause the Company to move in one or more alternate directions to shepherd this revolutionary GTL system into
production. Several alternate paths are under consideration in conjunction with the joint venture/profit sharing approach.


profitability will depend upon our ability to finance
 manufacture and market/operate GTL units. Our growth is dependent on attaining
profit from our operations and our raising additional capital either through the sale of stock or borrowing. There is no assurance
that we will be able to raise any equity financing or sell any of our products at a profit. We will be unable to pay our obligations
in the normal course of business or service our debt in a timely manner throughout 2018 without raising additional debt or equity
capital. There can be no assurance that additional debt or equity capital will be raised.


is currently evaluating strategic alternatives that include the following: (i) raising of capital
 or (ii) issuance of debt instruments.
This process is ongoing and can be lengthy and has inherent costs. There can be no assurance that the exploration of strategic
alternatives will result in any specific action to alleviate our 12 month working capital needs or result in any other transaction.


currently has a need of approximately $150
000 per month to sustain operations and pay the University of Texas at Arlington (UTA)
Sponsored Research Agreements until the first gas to liquids (&ldquo;GTL&rdquo;) Unit is completed. We will be unable to pay our
obligations in the normal course of business or service our debt in a timely manner throughout 2017 without raising additional
debt or equity capital. There can be no assurance that additional debt or equity capital will be raised.


to commence operations and generate revenues
 our cash position may not be significant enough to support our daily operations.
Management intends to raise additional funds by way of an offering of our securities. Management believes that the actions presently
being taken to further implement our business plan and generate revenues provide the opportunity for Greenway Technologies
 Inc.
to continue as a going concern. While we believe in the viability of our strategy to generate revenues and in our ability to raise
additional funds
 we may not be successful. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our capability to further
implement our business plan and generate revenues.

Year
Ended December 31
 2017
 Compared to Year Ended December 31
 2016.

for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016. We reported consolidated net losses during the years ended December 31
 2017
and December 31
 2016
 of $9
056
153 and $2
018
074
 respectively.


    
    


consolidated operating expenses and other income and expenses for the years ended December 31
 2017
 and December 31
 2016:


    
    
    

    
$8
262
988
$1
050
101

    
$867
052
$967
348

Depreciation and
    amortization
    
    

    
    
$30
076

    
($15
933)
($7
129)

Net interest expense
    (income)
$(1
075)
($14
676)

&nbsp;&nbsp;Loss
    on debt settlement
    
($8
500)

. During
the year ended December 31
 2017
 operating expenses increased to $9
130
389 as compared to $2
017
845 for the year ended December
31
 2016. The increase was due primarily increase of stock-based compensation to $5
650
938 for the year ended December 31
 2017
compared to $41
280 for the year ended December 31
 2016 and $1
412
286 recorded as settlements of shareholder disputes in the
year ended December 31
 compared to $8
500 in the year ended December 31
 2016. Major operating expense categories consisted of
the following from year to year;

. During
                                         the year ended December 31
 2017
 officer compensation (including Greenway Innovative
                                         Energy
 Inc. executive) increased to $3
645
000 (inclusive of $3
290
000 of stock-based
                                         compensation) as compared to $456
500 (inclusive of $37
500 of stock-based compensation)
                                         for the year ended December 31
 2016. Officer compensation increased due to $3
290
000




. During the year ended December 31
 2017
 consulting expense increased
to $234
950 as compared to $214
460 for the year ended December 31
 2016. The increase was primarily the result of consultants




. During the year ended December 31
 2017
 professional fees increased
to $19
909 as compared to $5
963 for the year ended December 31
 2106. Professional fees increased primarily because of listing




. During the year ended December 31
 2017
 travel expenses increased
to $67
699 in the year ended December 31
 2017
 compared to $39
880 in the year ended December 31
 2016. The increase was primarily
due to travel related to presentations to potential investors.




. During the year ended December 31
 2017
 legal expenses increased
to $225
229 in the year ended December 31
 2017
 compared to $200
171 in the year ended December 31
 2016. The increase was due




. During the year ended December 31
 2017
 research
and development costs decrease to $867
052 in the year ended December 31
 2017
 compared to $967
348 in the year ended December
31
 2016. The decrease was due to the Company reaching the completion of its GTL demonstration model at UTA.

 During the
year ended December 31
 2017
 interest expense decreased to $1
075 as compared to interest expense of $14
676 for the year ended
December 31
 2016. The increase was primarily due to the convertible promissory note being paid in March of 2017.

    
    


During the year ended December 31
 2017
 gain on derivative adjustment was $15
933 as compared to gain of $7
129 for year ended
December 31
 pursuant to
the outstanding convertible note payable and warrants.
Net Loss from
Operations.
147
397 for the year ended December 31
 2017
 compared to $2
017
845
for the year ended December 31
 2016. The increase was due primarily increase of stock-based compensation to $5
607
938 and $1
412
286
recorded as settlements of shareholder disputes.

loss was $9
147
397 or $0.03 per basic and diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31
 2017
 compared to $2
018
704
or $0.02 per share for the year ended December 31
 2016. The weighted-average number of shares used in the earnings per share
for the basic and dilutive computation was 273
028
802 for the year ended December 31
 2017
 and 202
062
054 for the year ended
December 31
 2016.


have sufficient working capital to fund our future operations. We cannot assure that we will be able to continue our operations
without adequate funding. We had $91
518 in cash
 total assets of $269
018 and total liabilities of $3
081
219 as of December
31
 2017. Total stockholder's deficit at December 31
 2017
 was $23
623
602.

to generate adequate amounts of cash to meet its obligations. The following table provides certain selected balance sheet comparisons
between December 31
 2017
 and December 31
 2016:


    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
$91
518
    
$67
964
    
$23
554
    
    

    
    
$249
018
    
$81
440
    
$167
578
    
    

    
    
$269
018
    
$86
789
    
$182
229
    
    

    
    
$2
696
550
    
$2
313
332
    
$383
218
    
    

    
    
$304
675
    
$134
253
    
$170
422
    
    

    
    
$105
643
    
$56
057
    
$49
586
    
    

    
    
$2
997
219
    
$2
503
642
    
$493
577
    
    

    
    
$&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;84
000
    
    
    
$&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;84
000
    
    

    
    
$3
081
219
    
$2
503
642
    
$577
577
    
    



activities during the year ended December 31
 2017
 was $2
230
759 as compared to $1
845
765 for the year ended December 31
 2016.
Items totaling approximately $7
276
368 contributing to the net cash used in continuing operating activities for the year ended
December 31
 2017
 include:

147
397 net loss
 offset by:

$5
650
938
                                         increase in stock-based compensation.

$1
412
286
                                         increase in settlement of stockholder dispute.

$349
                                         of depreciation.

$212
765
                                         increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses.


    
    


activities for the year ended December 31
 2016
 was $1
845
765. Items totaling approximately $728
369 contributing to the net
cash used in continuing operating activities for the year ended December 31 2016
 include:

018
074 net loss
 offset by:

$41
280
                                         increase in stock-based compensation.

$8
500
                                         increase in settlement of stockholder dispute.

$349
                                         of depreciation.

$678
240
                                         increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses.


activities for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016.&nbsp;


was $2
250
307 for the year ended December 31
 2017
 composed of $2
191
750 in sales of common stock
 $318
008 proceeds from notes
$131
753 of payments on note payable
 $58
190 repayment of shareholder advance
 $69
508 purchase of treasury shares.

by financing activities was $1
913
729 for the year ended December 31
 2016
 composed primarily of $1
755
000 in sales of common
stock
 $118
500 shareholder advances
 $237
500 proceeds from notes
 $94
024 in of repayments of shareholder advances
 $89
600
repayments on notes payable and debt issue costs of $13
647.

with several oil and gas companies and other organizations regarding joint venture funding for our first GTL plant using our unique
GTL system. Should an agreement be made
 the joint venture relationship will provide funding at a level of $20M with an ongoing
profit-sharing arrangement between Greenway Technologies and the partner organizations and/or individuals with an economic profile
previously not achievable in the GTL industry segment. While there are no assurances that financing for the first plant will be
obtained on acceptable terms and in a timely manner
 the failure to obtain the necessary working capital may cause Greenway Technologies
to move in one or more alternate directions to shepherd this revolutionary GTL system into production. Several alternate paths
are under consideration in conjunction with the joint venture/profit sharing approach.

 until
there is a more complete assessment of the mining property
 we cannot determine the necessary capital requirements and our operating
budgets
 if it is decided to pursue full exploration and development. We also will be subject to environmental expenses in connection
with these activities. We will also have the expense of maintaining and defending any patents obtained
 our claims
 and seeking
further patents and claims to be able to garner sufficient area to make our operations more viable
 once we have shown appropriate
mineral deposits present in our claims
 if at all. After building the first GTL Unit and determining the commercial viability
of the mining claims
 we will need substantial capital or financial partners to build additional GTL units
 develop the mining
claims
 acquire plant and equipment and hire personnel.

consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis
 which contemplates realization of assets and the
satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. The general business strategy of Greenway Technologies is to first
develop our GTL Technology to maintain Greenway Technologies&rsquo; viability
 while seeking capital and then explore and research
its existing mining leases properties. As shown in the accompanying consolidated financial statement
 Greenway Technologies has
incurred cumulative deficits of $23
623
602 and $14
476
205 as of December 31
 2017
 and December 31
 2016
 respectively. The
ability of Greenway Technologies to continue as a going concern is in doubt and dependent upon achieving a profitable level of
operations and on the ability of Greenway Technologies to obtain necessary financing to fund ongoing operations.


    
    




 Greenway
Technologies entered into employment agreements with its chief executive officer
 president and chief financial officer. The agreements
were for a term of five years
 ending on May
 31
 2016. No management fees were accrued during 2017. During the year ended December
31
 2016
 Greenway Technologies accrued a total of $150
000 as management fees in accordance with the terms of these agreements.

 Greenway
Technologies entered into employment agreements with the president and chairman of the board of GIE for a term of five years with
compensation of $90
000 per year. In September 2014
 the president&rsquo;s employment agreement was amended to increase his annual
pay to $180
000. During the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 the Company paid and accrued a total of $180
000
and $191
250
 respectively
 towards the employment agreement.


acquisition agreement with GIE
 Greenway Technologies agreed to issue an additional 7
500
000 shares of restricted common stock
when the first GTL unit is built and becomes operational and is capable of producing 2
000 barrels of diesel or jet fuel per day
and pay GIE a 2% royalty on all gross production sales on each unit placed in production.



 2017
 the Company entered
into a three-year consulting agreement with Chisos Equity Consultants
 LLC for public relations
 consulting and corporate communications
services. The initial payment was 1
800
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s restricted common stock. Additional payments upon the
Company&rsquo;s common stock reaching certain price points as follows;



000 shares at the time the Company&rsquo;s common stock reaches $0.25 per share during


000 shares at the time the Company&rsquo;s common stock reaches $0.45 per share during


000
000 shares at the time the Company&rsquo;s common stock reaches $0.90 per share during


000
000 shares at the time the Company&rsquo;s common stock reaches $1.50 per share during


000
000 shares at the time the Company&rsquo;s common stock reaches $2.00 per share during


000000 shares at the time the Company&rsquo;s common stock reaches $10.00 per share during




of approximately $11
160 in annual maintenance fees for its United States Bureau of Land Management (&ldquo;BLM&rdquo;) mining
lease
 which is due by September 1
 2018. Once Greenway Technologies enters the production phase
 royalties owed to the BLM will
be equal to 10% of production. There is no actual lease agreement with the BLM; Greenway Technologies files an annual maintenance
fee form to hold the claims.


advances from shareholders and by issuing shares of its common stock in various private placements to related parties and individuals.


will be affected by seasonal factors.

    
    



driven the operating expenses of many businesses higher. We will continuously seek methods of reducing costs and streamlining
operations while maximizing efficiency through improved internal operating procedures and controls. While we are subject to inflation
as described above
 our management believes that inflation currently does not have a material effect on our operating results.
However
 inflation may become a factor in the future.


arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition
 revenues
 and results of
operations
 liquidity or capital expenditures.


condition and results of operations are based upon financial statements which have been prepared in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates
and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses
 and related disclosure of contingent
assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis
 we evaluate these estimates. We base our estimates on historical experience and on
assumptions that are believed to be reasonable. These estimates and assumptions provide a basis for making judgments about the
carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these
estimates under different assumptions or conditions
 and these differences may be material.

policies discussed below affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements.


606 as guidance on the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers in May 2014
 with amendments in 2015 and 2016. Revenue
recognition will depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to
which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance also requires disclosures regarding
the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The guidance permits
two methods of adoption: retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented
 or retrospectively with the cumulative effect
of initially applying the guidance recognized at the date of initial application (the cumulative catch-up transition method).
Greenway Technologies adopted the guidance on January 1
 2018 and applied the cumulative catch-up transition method. The transition
adjustment to be recorded to shareholders&rsquo; equity upon adoption of the new standard is not expected to be material.

has not
 to date
 generated any revenues.


 &ldquo;Accounting
for Stock-Based Compensation&rdquo; (&ldquo;ASC 718&rdquo;) established financial accounting and reporting standards for stock-based
employee compensation plans. It defines a fair value-based method of accounting for an employee stock option or similar equity
instrument. In January 2006
 Greenway Technologies implemented ASC 718
 and accordingly
 we account for compensation cost for
stock option plans in accordance with ASC 718.

payments to non-employees in accordance with ASC 505-50 &ldquo;Accounting for Equity Instruments Issued to Non-Employees for Acquiring
or in Conjunction with Selling
 Goods or Services&rdquo;.

    
    




financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make
estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of revenue and expenses during the reported period. Actual results
could differ materially from the estimates.


accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 &ldquo;Income Taxes
&rdquo; which requires that Greenway Technologies
recognize deferred tax liabilities and assets based on the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the
tax bases of assets and liabilities
 using enacted tax rates in effect in the years the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred
income tax benefit (expense) results from the change in net deferred tax assets or deferred tax liabilities. A valuation allowance
is recorded when it is more likely than not that some or all deferred tax assets will not be realized.

. The ASC clarifies the accounting
for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in an enterprise&rsquo;s financial statements. The ASC prescribes a recognition threshold
and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken
in a tax return. The ASC provides guidance on de-recognition
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
disclosure and transition. Open tax years
 subject to IRS examination include 2013 &ndash; 2016.
Net Loss Per Share
 Basic and Diluted

Standards Codification Subtopic 260-10
 (&ldquo;ASC 260-10)
 specifying the computation
 presentation
and disclosure requirements of earning per share information. Basic loss per share has been computed by dividing net loss available
to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Shares issuable upon conversion
of notes payable and the exercise of warrants has been excluded as a common stock equivalent in the diluted loss per share because
their effect is anti-dilutive on the computation.


instruments in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 815


which establishes accounting and reporting standards for derivative instruments
 including certain derivative instruments embedded
in other contracts
 and for hedging activities. They require that an entity recognize all derivatives as either assets or liabilities
in the balance sheet and measure those instruments at fair value.

 a derivative
may be specifically designated as a hedge
 the objective of which is to match the timing of gain or loss recognition on the hedging
derivative with the recognition of (i) the changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to
the hedged risk
 or (ii) the earnings effect of the hedged forecasted transaction. For a derivative not designated as a hedging
instrument
 the gain or loss is recognized in income in the period of change.

 6 and 7 to the financial
statements for discussions regarding convertible notes payable and warrants.


which potentially subject Greenway Technologies to concentrations of credit risk
 consist primarily of cash
 cash equivalents
and trade receivables. Greenway Technologies places its cash and temporary cash investments with high credit quality institutions.
At times
 such investments may be in excess of the FDIC insurance limit.


    
    



other recently issued
 but not yet adopted
 accounting standards in order to determine their effects
 if any
 on its results of
operation
 financial position or cash flows. Based on that review
 Greenway Technologies believes that none of these pronouncements
are expected to have a significant effect on its consolidated financial statements.








notes are included as part of this report as indexed in the appendix on page F-1
 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting
                                         and Financial Disclosure.






Evaluation of
Disclosure Controls and Procedures.
 with the participation of our Principal Executive Officer and Principal
Financial Officer
 evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In designing
and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures
 management recognizes that any controls and procedures
 no matter how well
designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition
 the design
of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required
to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs.

our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer
 after considering the existence of material weaknesses identified
determined that our internal control over financial reporting disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December
31
 2017.
Management's
Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting.
adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal
control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable
detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets
 (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions
are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors
and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use or disposition
of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements.


    
    


inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions
 or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

 including
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
 assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of December&nbsp;31
 2017. In making this assessment
 management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSOII) in Internal Control over Financial Reporting - Guidance for Smaller
Public Companies.

following deficiencies which together constitute a material weakness in our assessment of the effectiveness of internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31
 2017:

Greenway
                                         Technologies has inadequate segregation of duties within its cash disbursement control
                                         design.

During
                                         the year ended December 31
 2017
 Greenway Technologies internally performed all aspects
                                         of its financial reporting process
 including
 but not limited to the underlying accounting
                                         records and record journal entries and responsibility for the preparation of the financial
                                         statement due to the fact these duties were performed often times by the same people
                                         a lack of review was created over the financial reporting process that might result in
                                         a failure to detect errors in spreadsheets
 calculations
 or assumptions used to compile
                                         the financial statements and related disclosures as filed with the SEC. These control
                                         deficiencies could result in a material misstatement to our interim or annual financial
                                         statements that would not be prevented or detected.

Greenway
                                         Technologies does not have a sufficient number of independent directors for its board
                                         and audit committee. We currently have two independent directors on our board
 which
                                         is comprised of six directors
 and we do not have a functioning audit committee. As a
                                         publicly-traded company
 we should strive to have a majority of our board of directors
                                         be independent.

is continuing the process of remediating its control deficiencies. However
 the material weakness in internal control over financial
reporting that has been identified will not be remediated until numerous internal controls are implemented and operate for a period
of time
 are tested
 and Greenway Technologies is able to conclude that such internal controls are operating effectively. We cannot
provide assurance that these procedures will be successful in identifying material errors that may exist in our financial statements.
We cannot make assurances that we will not identify additional material weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting
in the future. Management plans
 as capital becomes available to us
 to increase the accounting and financial reporting staff
and provide future investments in the continuing education and public company accounting training of our accounting and financial
professionals.

that any system of controls
 however well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 and not absolute
 assurance that
the objectives of the system are met. In addition
 the design of any control system is based in part upon certain assumptions
about the likelihood of future events. Because of these and other inherent limitations of control system
 there can be no assurance
that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions
 regardless of how remote.

does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting.
Management&rsquo;s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities
and Exchange Commission that permit us to provide only management&rsquo;s report in this annual report.


control over financial reporting to ensure we continue to work towards an effective internal control environment.&nbsp; There
were no changes that occurred during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by this annual report on Form 10-K that have
materially affected
 or are reasonably likely to materially affect
 our internal control over financial reporting.


    
    







Directors
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

concerning the directors and executive officers of Greenway Technologies as of December 31
 2017:


    
    
    
Director
    Since

    
    
Chairman
                                         of the Board
 Chief Financial Officer

President
                                         and Director
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

Kent
    J. Harer
61
    
    
    


our board of directors are subject to change from time to time by the vote of the shareholders at special or annual meetings to
elect directors. Our current board of directors consists of three directors
 who have expertise in the business of Greenway Technologies.

except as otherwise provided in any resolution or resolutions of the board
 directors who are elected at an annual meeting of
shareholders
 and directors elected in the interim to fill vacancies and newly created directorships
 will hold office for the
term for which elected and until their successors are elected and qualified or until their earlier death
 resignation or removal.

of any class or classes of stock or any series thereof are entitled to elect one or more directors pursuant to any resolution
or resolutions of the board
 vacancies and newly created directorships of such class or classes or series thereof may generally
be filled by a majority of the directors elected by such class or classes or series then in office
 by a sole remaining director
so elected or by the unanimous written consent or the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of such class or
classes or series entitled to elect such director or directors. Officers are elected annually by the directors. Ransom Jones and
Kevin Jones are brother. Otherwise
 there are no other family relationships among our directors and officers.

management personnel
 as our board of directors deems necessary. Greenway Technologies has not identified or reached an agreement
or understanding with any other individuals to serve in management positions but does not anticipate any problem in employing
qualified staff.

the business experience for each of the directors and executive officers of Greenway Technologies is set forth below.

was elected a director on March 7
 2016 and president and chief financial officer on April 24
 2017. Mr. Six has served as a vice-president
of Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc.
 our wholly-owned subsidiary
 since 2013. He has also provided consulting serves to the registrant
since May 2011. He has been in the oil and gas industry for 37 years as an independent operator of oil and gas properties both
as an owner and consultant. He received a BBA in marketing from Texas Tech University in Lubbock
 Texas.

elected a director on March 7
 2016. Mr. Wright has served as the president of Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc. since August 2012.
Mr. Wright was a co-founder of DFW Genesis in 2009
 where he began working on the GTL process and worked through 2012
 when he
and Conrad Greer formed Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc. to continue working on the GTL process. Previously
 Mr. Wright worked
with Dallas based Texas Instruments (TI) operations where he managed and opened up new markets for TI in England. He developed
and built a materials manufacturing facility for TI&rsquo;s European operation and introduced TI&rsquo;s light sensor technology
in Europe.


    
    


was appointed interim chief executive officer on January 14
 2016
 director on March 7
 2016
 and president on August 4
 2016.
Mr. Jones was replaced as president by D. Patrick Six on April 24
 2017. Mr. Jones has over 40 years of diverse business experience.
He is a retired partner of KPMG Peat Marwick and former chief financial officer of two publicly traded corporations
 Western Preferred
Corporation and El Paso Refining
 Inc. He has also served as an officer of some of the largest and most prestigious global financial
institutions including Goldman Sachs
 Citicorp
 ABN-AMRO Bank and AIG. After resigning from AIG
 Mr. Jones created a very successful
small business for life insurance lending. He graduated from the University of Texas at El Paso in 1971 with a BBA
 Accounting.

served a director of Greenway Technologies since its incorporation in March 2002. Mr. Takacs served as president and chief executive
officer of our predecessor
 Dynalyst Manufacturing Corporation
 from March 2002 until his resignation in August 2009. Prior to
Dynalyst
 Mr. Takacs worked for Institutional Capital Management
 where he served as the firm&rsquo;s technology analyst. Mr.
Takacs received his BBA in Business Management in 1984 from Texas A&amp;M University.

elected a director on March 7
 2016. Mr. Jones founded All Commercial Floors in 1999 and is responsible for its overall operation.
Under his leadership ACF has grown from a two-person business in the corner of his garage to one of the largest and
 we feel
one of the most respected commercial flooring companies in the country with offices throughout the United States
 and with annual
sales exceeding $40 million. Mr. Jones attended Texas Tech University in Lubbock
 Texas.

elected a director on February 3
 2017. Since 1996
 he has served as Senior Account Manager for Air Liquide Industries US LP
an affiliate of Air Liquide
 S.A.
 a large French multinational industrial gas company.


the officers and directors described above
 on October 31
 2017
 effective as of September 18
 2017
 Thomas Phillips was elected
as Vice President of Operations for Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc.
 a Nevada corporation
 and a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
registrant.

plans
 contracts or arrangements (whether or not written) with respect to Mr. Phillips&rsquo; election as Vice President of Operations
for Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc. Any such plans
 contracts or arrangements
 if any
 will be worked out at a later date.

 age
50
 holds a Bachelor of Science in Industrial Engineering from Texas A&amp;M University. In addition
 Mr. Phillips has been designated
a Distinguished Alumnus of Texas A&amp;M University.

a highly experienced and accomplished deal making executive with a very successful acquisition and divestiture track record. He
has developed and executed strategies for profitable business plans across a wide range of industries (
 banking
 finance
private equity
 technology
 real estate
 oil and gas). After starting his career with Lone Star Gas building and operating pipelines
and natural gas processing plants
 Mr. Phillips joined JP Morgan FCS/Financial Computer Software (a spinoff of Highland Capital
Management)
 where he built and managed a sales team that allowed the company to grow revenues from $2.5 MM annually to over $85
MM. Soon after the company was purchased
 Mr. Phillips was asked to join senior management at BCR Environmental/NuTerra Management
LLC
 a municipal wastewater treatment technology company and related solutions provider. A transaction of roughly $11 million
was completed involving a shift in the ownership of the firm to provide liquidity and expansion capital. Early in 2017
 Mr. Phillips
was brought aboard to guide the registrant&rsquo;s operations with Raymond Wright
 the president of Greenway Innovative Energy
Inc. Presently
 Mr. Phillips is working with the Conrad Greer Lab professors at the University of Texas at Arlington to optimize
the registrant&rsquo;s GTL process and move the registrant from a research and developmental stage to a commercial production
stage.


have any committees of our board of directors. However
 we do plan to adopt various committees in the near future.


    
    


of the committees to be adopted in the future are currently are fulfilled by our board of directors and all of our directors participate
in such responsibilities
 only two of whom are &ldquo;independent&rdquo; as defined under Rule 4200(a)(15) of the NASD&rsquo;s
listing standards described below
 as our financial constraints have made it extremely difficult to attract and retain other qualified
independent board members. Since we do not have any committees
 our entire board of directors participates in all of the considerations
with respect to our audit
 compensation and nomination deliberations.

listing standards defines an &ldquo;independent director&rdquo; as a person other than an executive officer or employee of the
company or any other individual having a relationship which
 in the opinion of the issuer&rsquo;s board of directors
 would interfere
with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. The following persons shall not
be considered independent:

A
                                         director who is
 or at any time during the past three years was
 employed by the company;

A
                                         director who accepted or who has a Family Member who accepted any compensation from the
                                         company in excess of $120
000 during any period of twelve consecutive months within the
                                         three years preceding the determination of independence
 other than the following: (i)
                                         compensation for board or board committee service; (ii) compensation paid to a Family
                                         Member who is an employee (other than as an executive officer) of the company; or (iii)
                                         benefits under a tax-qualified retirement plan
 or non-discretionary compensation. Provided
                                         however
 that in addition to the requirements contained in this paragraph
 audit committee
                                         members are also subject to additional
 more stringent requirements under Rule 4350(d).

A
                                         director who is a Family Member of an individual who is
 or at any time during the past
                                         three years was
 employed by the company as an executive officer;

A
                                         director who is
 or has a Family Member who is
 a partner in
 or a controlling shareholder
                                         or an executive officer of
 any organization to which the company made
 or from which
                                         the company received
 payments for property or services in the current or any of the
                                         past three fiscal years that exceed five percent of the recipient&rsquo;s consolidated
                                         gross revenues for that year
 or $200
000
 whichever is more
 other than the following:
                                         (i) payments arising solely from investments in the company&rsquo;s securities; or (ii)
                                         payments under non-discretionary charitable contribution matching programs.

A
                                         director of the issuer who is
 or has a Family Member who is
 employed as an executive
                                         officer of another entity where at any time during the past three years any of the executive
                                         officers of the issuer serve on the compensation committee of such other entity; or

A
                                         director who is
 or has a Family Member who is
 a current partner of the company&rsquo;s
                                         outside auditor
 or was a partner or employee of the registrant&rsquo;s outside auditor
                                         who worked on the company&rsquo;s audit at any time during any of the past three years.

qualified independent members of our board of directors at a later date
 depending upon our ability to reach and maintain financial
stability.


of directors performs the functions of an audit committee
 but no written charter governs the actions of the board when performing
the functions of what would generally be performed by an audit committee. The board approves the selection of our independent
accountants and meets and interacts with the independent accountants to discuss issues related to financial reporting. In addition
the board reviews the scope and results of the audit with the independent accountants
 reviews with management and the independent
accountants our annual operating results
 considers the adequacy of our internal accounting procedures and considers other auditing
and accounting matters including fees to be paid to the independent auditor and the performance of the independent auditor. At
the present time
 D. Patrick Six
 our chief executive officer and chief financial officer
 and Ransom Jones
 one of our directors
are considered to be our experts in financial and accounting matters.

    
    



size of our board
 at this time
 do not require a separate nominating committee. When evaluating director nominees
 our directors
consider the following factors:

The
                                         appropriate size of our board of directors;

Our
                                         needs with respect to the particular talents and experience of our directors;

The
                                         knowledge
 skills and experience of nominees
 including experience in finance
 administration
                                         or public service
 in light of prevailing business conditions and the knowledge
 skills
                                         and experience already possessed by other members of the board;

Experience
                                         in political affairs;

Experience
                                         with accounting rules and practices; and

The
                                         desire to balance the benefit of continuity with the periodic injection of the fresh
                                         perspective provided by new board members.

brings together a variety of perspectives and skills derived from high quality business and professional experience. In doing
so
 the board will also consider candidates with appropriate non-business backgrounds.

there are no stated minimum criteria for director nominees
 although the board may also consider such other factors as it may
deem are in our best interests as well as our shareholders. In addition
 the board identifies nominees by first evaluating the
current members of the board willing to continue in service. Current members of the board with skills and experience that are
relevant to our business and who are willing to continue in service are considered for re-nomination. If any member of the board
does not wish to continue in service or if the board decides not to re-nominate a member for re-election
 the board then identifies
the desired skills and experience of a new nominee in light of the criteria above. Current members of the board are polled for
suggestions as to individuals meeting the criteria described above. The board may also engage in research to identify qualified
individuals. To date
 we have not engaged third parties to identify or evaluate or assist in identifying potential nominees
 although
we reserve the right in the future to retain a third-party search firm
 if necessary. The board does not typically consider shareholder
nominees because it believes that its current nomination process is sufficient to identify directors who serve our best interests.

Reporting Compliance

Act requires our officers
 directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10% of our common stock to file reports of ownership
and changes in ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons also are required to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a)
forms they file. Based solely on the reports received by us
 the transaction report of Company transactions supplied by our transfer
agent and our shareholders list as of December 31
 2017
 to the best of our knowledge all required directors
 officers and greater
than 9.99% percent shareholders complied with applicable filing requirements during the fiscal year ended December 31
 2017.



other interested parties may contact any of our directors by writing to them at Greenway Technologies
 Inc. at 8851 Camp Bowie
West
 Suite 240
 Fort Worth
 Texas 76116
 Attention: Corporate Secretary.

a process for handling letters received by us and addressed to any of our directors. Under that process
 one of our officers will
review all such correspondence and regularly forwards to the directors a summary of all such correspondence
 together with copies
of all such correspondence that
 in the opinion of such officer
 deal with functions of the board or committees thereof or that
he otherwise determines requires their attention. Directors may at any time review a log of all correspondence received by us
that are addressed to members of the board and request copies of such correspondence.

    
    



real or apparent conflicts of interest
 we have adopted written policies and procedures which require that:

The
                                         fact of the relationship or interest giving rise to the potential conflict be disclosed
                                         or known to the directors who authorize or approve the transaction prior to such authorization
                                         or approval;

The
                                         transaction be approved by a majority of our disinterested outside directors; and

The
                                         transaction be fair and reasonable to us at the time it is authorized or approved by
                                         our directors.

Code of Ethics for Senior Executive Officers and Senior
Financial Officers

for Senior Executive Officers and Senior Financial Officers that applies to our president
 chief executive officer
 chief operating
officer
 chief financial officer
 and all financial officers
 including the principal accounting officer. The code provides as
follows:

Each
                                         officer is responsible for full
 fair
 accurate
 timely and understandable disclosure
                                         in all periodic reports and financial disclosures required to be filed by us with the
                                         Securities and Exchange Commission or disclosed to our shareholders and/or the public.

Each
                                         officer shall immediately bring to the attention of the audit committee
 or disclosure
                                         compliance officer
 any material information of which the officer becomes aware that
                                         affects the disclosures made by us in our public filings and assist the audit committee
                                         or disclosure compliance officer in fulfilling its responsibilities for full
 fair
 accurate
                                         timely and understandable disclosure in all periodic reports required to be filed with
                                         the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Each
                                         officer shall promptly notify our general counsel
 if any
 or the president or chief
                                         executive officer as well as the audit committee of any information he may have concerning
                                         any violation of our Code of Business Conduct or our Code of Ethics
 including any actual
                                         or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships
 involving
                                         any management or other employees who have a significant role in our financial reporting
                                         disclosures or internal controls.

Each
                                         officer shall immediately bring to the attention of our general counsel
 if any
 the
                                         president or the chief executive officer and the audit committee any information he may
                                         have concerning evidence of a material violation of the securities or other laws
 rules
                                         or regulations applicable to us and the operation of our business
 by us or any of our
                                         agents.

Any
                                         waiver of this Code of Ethics for any officer must be approved
 if at all
 in advance
                                         by a majority of the independent directors serving on our board of directors. Any such
                                         waivers granted will be publicly disclosed in accordance with applicable rules
 regulations
                                         and listing standards.

Ethics on our website. We will provide to any person without charge
 upon request
 a copy of our Code of Ethics. Any such request
should be directed to our corporate secretary at the address listed below in the next paragraph. The information contained in
our website shall not constitute part of this report.



Compensation

 Greenway Technologies has
two executive officers
 Messrs. Six and Wright.

    
    


Compensation Table

 for
our named executive officers for the two completed fiscal years ended December 31
 2017
 and December 31
 2016:


Name
    and
    
    
Salary
    
Bonus
    
Stock
    Awards 
Option
    Awards 
Non-Equity
    Incentive Plan Compensation 
    
        
        
        
        
All
    Other Compensation 
    
        

Patrick
    Six (1)
    
135
000
    
1
400
000
    
    
    
    
1
535
000

R.
    Jones (2)
    
40
000
    
490
000
    
    
    
    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;530
000

    
    
20
400
    
37
500
    
    
    
    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;57
900

R.
    J. Halden (3)
    
48
985
    
    
    
    
    
    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;48
985

Ray
    Wright (4)
    
150
000
    
1
400
000
    
    
    
    
1
550
000

    
    
180
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
&nbsp;&nbsp;180
000

R.
    Moseley (5)
    
40
000
    
    
    
    
    
    
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;40
000



Mr. Six was elected as our chief executive officer on April 24
                                         2017. On January 4
 2017
 Mr. Six received 10
000
000 shares of our common stock valued
                                         at $0.14 per share.

Mr. Jones was our interim chief executive officer
 effective January
                                         14
 2016
 and president from August 4
 2016
 through April 24
 2017. On January 4
 2017
                                         Mr. Jones received 3
500
000 shares of our common stock valued at $0.14 per share. On
                                         October 2
 2016
 Mr. Jones received 375
000 shares of our common stock valued at $0.10
                                         per share.

Mr. Halden was our former president and a director. He resigned
                                         from both positions on January 14
 2016.

Mr. Wright was elected as our corporate secretary on January 4
                                         2017. On January 4
 2017
 Mr. Wright received 10
000
000 shares of our common stock valued
                                         at $0.14 per share.

Mr. Moseley was our former chief financial officer and a former
                                         director. He resigned from both positions on November 21
 2016.


Year-End


provides information for each of our named executive officers as of the end of our last completed fiscal year
 December 31
 2017:


    
Option
    Awards (1)
Stock
    Awards

    
Number
    of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) 
Number
    of Securities Underlying Unexercised Options (#) 
Equity
    Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Securities Underlying Unexercised Unearned 
Option
    Exercise 
Option
    Expiration 
Number
    of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not 
Market
    Value of Shares or Units of Stock That Have Not 
Equity
    Incentive Plan Awards: Number of Unearned Shares
 Units or Other Rights That Have Not 
Equity
    Incentive Plan Awards: Market or Payout Value of Unearned Shares
 Units or Other Rights That Have Not 

Patrick
    Six (1)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

R.
    Jones (2)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Ray
    Wright (3)
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    



Mr. Six was elected as our chief executive officer on April
                                         24
 2017.

Mr. Jones was our interim chief executive officer
 effective
                                         January 14
 2016
 and president from August 4
 2016
 through April 24
 2017.

Mr. Wright was elected as our corporate secretary on January
                                         4
 2017.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
                                         and Related Stockholder Matters.


regarding the beneficial ownership of all shares of our common stock and preferred stock as of December 31
 2017
 by:


Each
                                         person who owns beneficially more than five percent of the outstanding shares of our
                                         common stock;

Each
                                         director;

Each
                                         named executive officer; and

All
                                         directors and officers as a group.



    
    






    
Shares
    of Common Stock 

Name
    of Beneficial Owner (1)
    
    

    
    
&nbsp;&nbsp;15
700
000
    

    
18
000.000
    

    
3
157
563
    

    
3.375
000
    

    
19
000
000
    

    
    
    

All
    directors and officers as a group (six persons)&#9;
59
232
563
    

    
22
178
302
    

    
16
500
279
    

    
21
250
000
    



Unless otherwise indicated
 the address for each of these
                                         shareholders is c/o Greenway Technologies
 Inc.
 at 8851 Camp Bowie West
 Suite

 Fort Worth
 Texas 76116. Also
unless otherwise indicated
 each person named in the table above has the sole voting and investment power with respect to our
shares of common stock which he beneficially owns.

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the
                                         rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. As of December 31
 2017
 there were
                                         outstanding 287
681
826 shares of our common stock.

Mr. Six is our chairman of the board
 chief executive officer
                                         chief financial officer
 and director.

Mr. Wright is our corporate secretary and director
 and president
                                         of Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc.
 our wholly-owned subsidiary.



Mr. Ransom Jones is a director and was formerly our interim
                                         chief executive officer
 effective January 14
 2016
 and president from August 4
 2016
                                         through April 24
 2017. Ransom Jones and Kevin Jones are brothers.

Mr. Kevin Jones is a director. Kevin Jones and Ransom Jones
                                         are brothers.



Mr. Moseley was our former chief financial officer and a former
                                         director. He resigned from both positions on November 21
 2016.

Mr. Halden was our former president and a director. He resigned
                                         as president on January 14
 2016 and as a director on February 1
 2017.

herein
 there are no arrangements or understandings
 known to us
 including any pledge by any person of our securities:

The
                                         operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in control of the registrant;
                                         or

With
                                         respect to the election of directors or other matters.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director
                                         Independence.

 there are no
other agreements with any of our officers and directors.

and advances to the Company in the amounts of $219
509 (Tunstall Canyon Group $166
667
 Kevin Jones $51
342 and Pat Six $1
500)
and $141
040 (Kevin Jones $121
040 and Tunstall Canyon Group $20
000) during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.&nbsp;
During the year ended December 31
 2107
 a shareholder Richard Halden purchased 2
250
000 shares of class A common stock for $225
000
($0.010 per shares and Kevin Jones received repayment of $59
690 loan. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 Tunstall Canyon
elected to convert advances of $51
500 to shares of class A common stock at an average value of $0.0775 per share and Kevin Jones
received repayment of $151
000 loan. A shareholder forgave $30
077 of advances during the year ended December 31
 2016.




for professional services rendered by SolesHeyn CPA
 our independent auditors for the audit of our financial statements for the
years ended December 31
 2017
 and December 31
 2016:


    
    
    

    
28
700
26
300

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
28
700
26
300



    
    

 were for professional
services for auditing and reviewing our financial statements
 as well as for consents and assistance with and review of documents
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Pre-Approval Policy for Services of Greenway Technologies
Inc. Independent Auditors

Form 10-Q and Form 10-K filings before their filing. In addition
 our board of directors reviews the audit plans and anticipated
fees for audit and tax work prior to the commencement of that work. All fees paid to the independent auditors are pre-approved
by our board of directors. These services may include audit services
 audit-related services
 tax services and other services.


Exhibits
 Financial Statement Schedules.

All
                                         financial statements are included in Item 8 of this report.

All
                                         financial statement schedules required to be filed by Item 8 of this report and the exhibits
                                         contained in this report are included in Item 8 of this report.

The
                                         following exhibits are attached to this report:


Exhibit
    No.
Identification
    of Exhibit

    
Combination
    Agreement executed as of August 18
 2009
 between Dynalyst Manufacturing Corporation and Universal Media Corporation
 filed
    as Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number
    000-55030.

    
Articles
    of Incorporation of Dynalyst Manufacturing Corporation filed with the Secretary of State of Texas on March 13
 2002
 filed
    as Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number
    000-55030.

    
Articles
    of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation of Dynalyst Manufacturing Corporation filed with the Secretary of State of Texas
    on June 7
 2006
 filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
    Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Articles
    of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation of Dynalyst Manufacturing Corporation filed with the Secretary of State of Texas
    on August 28
 2009
 changing the corporate name to Universal Media Corporation
 filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the registrant&rsquo;s
    registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Articles
    of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation of Universal Media Corporation filed with the Secretary of State of Texas on March
    23
 2011
 changing the corporate name to UMED Holdings
 Inc.
 filed as Exhibit 3.4 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration
    statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Articles
    of Amendment of Certificate of Formation of UMED Holdings
 Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of Texas on June 23
 2017
    changing the corporate name to Greenway Technologies
 Inc.
 filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant&rsquo;s Form 8-K/A on July
    20
 2017
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Bylaws
    of Dynalyst Manufacturing Corporation
 filed as Exhibit 3.5 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G
    on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Articles
    of Incorporation of Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc. filed with the Secretary of State of Nevada on July 6
 2012
 filed as
    Exhibit 3.7 to the registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-Q/A
 amendment No. 1
 on September 21
 2017
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Bylaws
    of Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc.
 filed as Exhibit 3.8 to the registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-Q/A
 amendment No. 1
 on September
    21
 2017
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Code
    of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers
 filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G
    on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.



    
    




    
Purchase
    Agreement dated as of May 1
 2012
 between Universal Media Corporation and Mamaki Tea &amp; Extract
 Inc.
 filed as Exhibit
    10.3 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Addendum
    and Modification to Purchase Agreement dated as of December 31
 2012
 between Universal Media Corporation and Mamaki of Hawaii
    Inc. formerly Mamaki Tea &amp; Extract
 Inc.
 filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form
    10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Second
    Addendum and Modification to Purchase Agreement dated as of December 31
 2012
 between Universal Media Corporation and Mamaki
    of Hawaii
 Inc. formerly Mamaki Tea &amp; Extract
 Inc.
 filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement
    on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Purchase
    Agreement dated August 29th
 2012
 between Universal Media Corporation and Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc.
 filed as Exhibit
    10.6 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Purchase
    Agreement dated as of February 23
 2012
 between Rig Support Services
 Inc. and UMED Holdings
 Inc.
 filed as Exhibit 10.7
    to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Asset
    Purchase Agreement dated as of October 2
 2011
 between Jet Regulators
 L.C.
 R/T Jet Tech
 L.P. and UMED Holdings
 Inc.
    filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File
    Number 000-55030.

    
Employee
    Agreement dated May 27
 2011
 between UMED Holdings
 Inc. and Kevin Bentley
 filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the registrant&rsquo;s
    registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Employee
    Agreement dated May 27
 2011
 between UMED Holdings
 Inc. Randy Moseley
 filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the registrant&rsquo;s
    registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Employee
    Agreement dated May 27
 2011
 between UMED Holdings
 Inc. and Richard Halden
 filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the registrant&rsquo;s
    registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Employee
    Agreement dated August 29
 2012
 between UMED Holdings
 Inc. and Raymond Wright
 filed as Exhibit 10.12 to the registrant&rsquo;s
    registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Employee
    Agreement dated August 29
 2012
 between UMED Holdings
 Inc. and Conrad Greer
 filed as Exhibit 10.13 to the registrant&rsquo;s
    registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Consulting
    Agreement dated May 27
 2011
 between UMED Holdings
 Inc. and Jabez Capital Group
 LLC
 filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the registrant&rsquo;s
    registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Promissory
    Note in the amount of $850
000 dated August 17
 2012
 executed by Mamaki Tea
 Inc. payable to Southwest Capital Funding
 Ltd.
    filed as Exhibit 10.15 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File
    Number 000-55030.

    
Modification
    of Note and Liens effective as of October 1
 2012
 between Southwest Capital Funding
 Ltd. and Mamaki Tea
 Inc.
 filed as
    Exhibit 10.16 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Second
    Modification of Note and Liens effective as of December 20
 2012
 between Southwest Capital Funding
 Ltd.
 Mamaki Tea
 Inc.
    and Mamaki of Hawaii
 Inc.
 filed as Exhibit 10.17 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August
    29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Promissory
    Note in the amount of $150
000 dated August 17
 2012
 executed by Mamaki Tea
 Inc. payable to Robert R. Romer
 filed as Exhibit
    10.18 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Addendum
    and Modification to Purchase Agreement dated as of December 31
 2012
 between Rig Support Services
 Inc. and UMED Holdings
    Inc.
 filed as Exhibit 10.19 to the registrant&rsquo;s registration statement on Form 10-12G on August 29
 2013
 Commission
    File Number 000-55030.




    
    




    
Securities
    Purchase Agreement dated September 18
 2014
 between UMED Holdings
 Inc. and Tonaquint
 Inc.
 filed as Exhibit 10.19 to the
    registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-Q/A
 amendment No. 1
 on September 21
 2017
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Promissory
    Note in the amount of $158
000 dated September 18
 2014
 executed by UMED Holdings
 Inc. payable to Tonaquint
 Inc.
 filed
    as Exhibit 10.20 to the registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-Q/A
 amendment No. 1
 on September 21
 2017
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Warrant
    dated September 18
 2014
 for $47
400 worth of UMED Holdings
 Inc. shares issued to Tonaquint
 Inc.
 filed as Exhibit 10.21
    to the registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-Q/A
 amendment No. 1
 on September 21
 2017
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Office
    Lease Agreement dated October 2015
 between UMED Holdings
 Inc. and The Atrium Remains the Same
 LLC
 filed as Exhibit 10.22
    to the registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-Q/A
 amendment No. 1
 on September 21
 2017
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Warrant
    dated October 31
 2015
 for 4
000
000 shares issued to Norman T. Reynolds
 Esq
 filed as Exhibit 10.23 to the registrant&rsquo;s
    Form 10-Q/A
 amendment No. 1
 on September 21
 2017
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Promissory
    Note in the amount of $36
000 dated March 8
 2016
 executed by UMED Holdings
 Inc. payable to Peter C. Wilson
 filed as Exhibit
    10.24 to the registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-Q/A
 amendment No. 1
 on September 21
 2017
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Convertible
    Promissory Note in the amount of $224
000 dated May 4
 2016
 executed by UMED Holdings
 Inc. payable to Tonaquint
 Inc.
 filed
    as Exhibit 10.25 to the registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-Q/A
 amendment No. 1
 on September 21
 2017
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Severance
    and Release Agreement by and between UMED Holdings
 Inc. and Randy Moseley dated November 11
 2016
 filed as Exhibit 10.26
    to the registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-Q/A
 amendment No. 1
 on September 21
 2017
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Settlement
    and Mutual Release Agreement dated January 13
 2017
 executed by UMED Holdings
 Inc. in connection with Cause No. DC-16-004718
    in the 193rd District Court
 Dallas County
 Texas against Mamaki of Hawaii
 Inc.
 Hawaiian Beverages
 Inc.
 Curtis Borman
    and Lee Jenison
 filed as Exhibit 10.27 to the registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-Q/A
 amendment No. 1
 on September 21
 2017
 Commission
    File Number 000-55030.

    
Warrant
    dated February 1
 2017
 for 2
000
000 shares issued to Richard J. Halden
 filed as Exhibit 10.28 to the registrant&rsquo;s
    Form 10-Q/A
 amendment No. 1
 on September 21
 2017
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Warrant
    dated February 1
 2017
 for 4
000
000 shares issued to Richard J. Halden
 filed as Exhibit 10.29 to the registrant&rsquo;s
    Form 10-Q/A
 amendment No. 1
 on September 21
 2017
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Severance
    and Release Agreement by and between UMED Holdings
 Inc. and Richard Halden dated February 1
 2017
 filed as Exhibit 10.30
    to the registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-Q/A
 amendment No. 1
 on September 21
 2017
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Assignment
    Agreement dated December 27
 2010
 between Melek Mining
 Inc.
 4HM Partners
 LLC
 and UMED Holdings
 Inc.
 filed as Exhibit
    10.31 to the registrant&rsquo;s Form 10-Q/A
 amendment No. 1
 on September 21
 2017
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Consulting Agreement by and between the registrant and
        Chisos Equity Consultants
 LLC
 as

 2018
 and March 19
 2018
 filed
        as Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant&rsquo;s Form 8-K
 on March 21
 2018
 Commission File Number 000-55030.

    
Promissory
    Note in the amount of $100
000 dated November 13
 2017
 executed by Greenway Technologies
 Inc. payable to Wildcat Consulting
    Group LLC.

    
Subordinated
    Convertible Promissory Note in the amount of $166
667 dated December 20
 2017
 executed by Greenway Technologies
 Inc. payable
    to Tunstall Canyon Group LLC.

    
Warrant
    dated November 30
 2017 for 1
000
000 shares issued to MTG Holdings
 LTD

    
Greer
    Family Trust Promissory Note and Settlement




    
    




    
Certification
    of D. Patrick Six
 Chief Executive Officer of Greenway Technologies
 Inc.
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect;1350
 as adopted pursuant
    to &sect;302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

    
Certification
    of D. Patrick Six
 Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of Greenway Technologies
 Inc.
 pursuant to 18
    U.S.C. &sect;1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect;302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

    
Certification
    of D. Patrick Six
 Chief Executive Officer of Greenway Technologies
 Inc.
 pursuant to 18 U.S.C. &sect;1350
 as adopted pursuant
    to &sect;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

    
Certification
    of D. Patrick Six
 Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer of Greenway Technologies
 Inc.
 pursuant to 18
    U.S.C. &sect;1350
 as adopted pursuant to &sect;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.







of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the
undersigned
 thereunto duly authorized.

 INC.

 2018.


 President and Chief Executive Officer




 Chief Financial Officer and



Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended
 this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated.


    
    
    
    
    

/s/
    D. Patrick Six
    
    
Chairman
    Chief Executive Officer
 and Director
    
April
    5
 2018

/s/
    Craig Takacs
    
    
    
    
April
    5
 2018

/s/
    Ransom Jones
    
    
    
    
April
    5
 2018

/s/
    Kevin Jones
    
    
    
    
April
    5
 2018

/s/
    Kent Harer
    
    
    
    
April
    5
 2018

    
        RAYMOND WRIGHT
        
        
    
Secretary
    and Director
    
April
    5
 2018


    
    




Greenway Technologies
 Inc.



Years Ended December&nbsp;31
 2017 and 2016





Financial
    Statements:
    
    

    
    

Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
&nbsp;
    F- 1

Balance
    Sheets
    
F-
    2

Statements
    of Operations
    
F-
    3

Statements
    of Stockholders' Deficit
    
F-
    4

Statements
    of Cash Flows
    
F-
    5

Notes
    to Financial Statements
    
F-
    6













    
    

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM



 Inc.

 Texas


sheets of Greenway Technologies
 Inc. (the Company) as of December 31
 2017 and 2016 and the related statements of income
 comprehensive
income
 stockholders&rsquo; equity
 and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion
 the financial statements present
fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company as of December 31
 2017 and 2016
 and the results of its
operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 in conformity with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.


prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As of December 31
 2017
 the Company had accumulated losses of
approximately $23
624
000
 has generated limited profit
 and may experiences losses in the near term. These factors and the need
for additional financing in order for the Company to meet its business plan
 raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue
as a going concern. Management's plan to continue as a going concern is also described in Note 2. The financial statements do
not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty.


of the Company&rsquo;s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company&rsquo;s financial statements based
on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required
to have
 nor were we engaged to perform
 an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
 we
are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 but not for the purpose of expressing an
opinion on the effectiveness of the Company&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly
 we express no such
opinion.

to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management
 as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion.




/s/ Soles
 Heyn &amp; Company
 LLP

 Heyn &amp; Company
 LLP

    
    

We
    have served as the Company&rsquo;s auditor since 2015.

    
    

West
    Palm Beach
 Florida

    
    


 2018

    
    

GREENWAY TECHNOLOGIES
 INC.




    





    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
91
518
67
964

    
157
500
13
476

    
249
018
81
440

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
4
015
4
015

    
4
015
3
666

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
20
000
5
000


    Assets
269
018
86
789

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
140
039
86
518

    
1
500
59
690

    
1
666
602
1
916
602

    
153
841
13
500

    
778
760
250
522


 net of discounts of $81
833 and
    $13
647
150
834
120
753

    
105
643
56
057


    Current Liabilities
2
997
219
2
503
642


 less current portion
    of $66
000
84
000
    

    
3
081
219
2
503
642

    
    
    

    
    
    


 20
000
000 shares authorized
 par value
    $0.0001

    
    


 2017 and
    
    


938 at December 31
 2016
    
    


000
000 shares authorized
 par value
    $0.0001

    
    


681
826 and 231
118
372 issued and outstanding at
    
    


 2017 and December 31
 2016
 respectively
28
771
23
114

    
20
782
630
12
036
225

    
(23
623
602
(14
476
205


    Stockholders' Deficit
(2
812
201
(2
416
853


    Deficit
269
018
86
789



statements

&nbsp;

    
    

GREENWAY TECHNOLOGIES
 INC.

For the years ended December 31
 2017 and
2016&nbsp;


    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
8
262
988
1
050
101

    
867
052
967
348

    
    
    

    
9
130
389
2
017
845

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(9
130
389
(2
017
845

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
30
076

    
    
(8
500

    
(15
933
(7
129

    
(1
075
(14
676

    
(17
008
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(9
147
397
(2
018
074

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(9
147
397
(2
018
074

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
273
028
802
202
062
054



statements



    
    


GREENWAY TECHNOLOGIES
 INC.
Consolidated Statement of Stockholders'
Deficit
For the years ended December 31
 2017 and
2016


    
Class
Number
                                         of
Par
                                         Value
Class
Number
                                         of
Par
                                         Value
    
    
    

December
                                         31
 2015
15
126
938
1
513
183
882
132
18
389
10
167
670
(12
458
131
(2
270
559

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
31
055
955
3
107
1
751
913
    
1
755
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(15
000
000
(1
500
1
500
000
1
500
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

shareholders'
                                         advances to common stock
    
    
664
285
    
51
434
    
51
500

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
516
000
    
41
228
    
41
280

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
200
000
    
23
980
    
24
000

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
(2
018
074
(2
018
074

December
                                         31
 2016
126
938
    
231
118
372
23
114
12
036
225
(14
476
205
(2
416
853

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(126
938
    
693
932
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
21
004
716
2
100
2
189
650
    
2
191
750

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
346
000
    
898
205
    
898
940

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
35
856
666
3
586
4
965
064
    
4
968
650

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
(8
337
860
    
(68
673
    
(69
507

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
27
083
    
27
083

Warrants
                                         issued for services
    
    
    
    
735
133
    
735
133

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
(9
147
397
(9
147
397

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


 2017
    
    
287
681
826
28
771
20
782
630
(23
623
602
(2
812
201


 See accompanying notes to consolidated
financial statements


    
    



GREENWAY TECHNOLOGIES
 INC.

For the years ended December 31
 2017 and
2016



    
    
    

    
    
    

    
(9
147
397
(2
018
074

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
5
650
938
41
280

    
1
412
286
8
500

    
3
744
    

    
    
30
076

    
8
908
7
129

    
    
    

    
(144
024
(13
476

    
(15
000
(5
000

    
53
521
    

    
(250
000
122
985

    
40
678
    

    
159
244
(20
759

    
    
    

    
(2
226
753
(1
845
765

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
    


    common stock
    
118
500

    
(58
190
(94
024

    
151
342
13
500

    
(11
000
    

    
166
667
224
000

    
(120
754
(89
600

    
(69
508
    

    
    
(13
647


    of common stock
2
191
750
1
755
000

    
2
250
307
1
913
729

    
    
    

    
23
554
67
9644

    
67
964
    

    
91
518
67
964

    
    
    

    
    
    

    
    
14
537

    
    
    


    A common stock
    
1
500




of these financial statements&nbsp;



    
    

GREENWAY TECHNOLOGIES
 INC.

December 31
 2017







 Inc. (&quot;Greenway&rdquo;
or the &quot;Company&quot;) was organized on March 13
 2002 under the laws of the State of Texas as Dynalyst Manufacturing Corporation.&nbsp;&nbsp;On
August 18
 2009
 in connection with a merger with Universal Media Corporation
 a privately held Nevada company
 the Company changed
its name to Universal Media Corporation (&quot;UMC&quot;).&nbsp;&nbsp;The company changed its name to Greenway Technologies
 Inc.
on March 23
 2011.&nbsp;

through the acquisition of businesses as wholly-owned subsidiaries that meet some key requirements: (1) solid management that
will not have to be replaced in the near future (2) the ability to grow with steady growth to follow and (3) an emphasis on emerging
core industry markets
 such as energy and&nbsp;metals.&nbsp;&nbsp;It is the Company&rsquo;s intention to add experienced personnel
and select strategic partners to manage and operate the acquired business units.

 the Company acquired 1
440 acres of placer
mining claims on Bureau of Land Management land in Mohave County
 Arizona. Due to the Company not producing any revenues from
its BLM mining leases since its acquisition of the leases
 achieving a position of producing cash flow levels to fund the development
of its BLM mining leases in December 2010 and not having current resources for an appraisal
 we recognized an impairment charge
of $100
000 during the year ended December 31
 2014.

 the Company acquired 100% of Greenway Innovative
Energy
 Inc. (sometimes
 &ldquo;GIE&rdquo;) which owns patents and trade secrets for a proprietary process and related technology
to convert natural gas into synthesis gas (syngas). Syngas is an important intermediate gas used by industry in the production
of ammonia
 methane
 liquid fuels
 and other downstream products. The Company&rsquo;s unique process is called Fractional Thermal
Oxidation&trade; (FTO). When combined with Greenway Technologies&rsquo; Fischer-Tropsch (FT) system
 we offer a new economical
relatively small scale (125 to 2
475 bbls/day) method of converting gas-to-liquids (GTL) that can be located in field locations
where needed.






include the financial statements of Greenway and its wholly-owned subsidiaries. The Company entered into an agreement with Jet
Regulators at December to return its ownership interest for the return of 300
000 shares of the Company's common stock. All significant
inter-company accounts and transactions were eliminated in consolidation.


include the accounts of the following entities:



Name
    of Entity
    
    
    
    
    

Greenway Technologies
 Inc.
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    

Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc.
    
    
    
    
    

Logistix Technology Systems
 Inc.
    
    
    
    
    





    
    



statements have been prepared on a going concern basis
 which contemplates realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities
in the normal course of business. As shown in the accompanying consolidated financial statements
 the Company sustained a loss
of approximately $9 million for the year ended December 31
 2017 and has a working capital deficiency of approximately $2.7 million
and liabilities in excess of assets of approximately $2.8 at December 31
 2017. The ability of the Company to continue as a going
concern is in doubt and dependent upon achieving a profitable level of operations or on the ability of the Company to obtain necessary
financing to fund ongoing operations. Management believes that its current and future plans enable it to continue as a going concern
for the next twelve months.

several oil and gas companies and other organizations regarding joint venture funding for its first gas-to-liquids (GTL) plant
using the Company&rsquo;s unique GTL system. Should an agreement be made
 the joint venture relationship will provide funding
at a level of $20M with an ongoing profit-sharing arrangement between the Company and the partner organizations and/or individuals
with an economic profile previously not achievable in the GTL industry segment. While there are no assurances that financing for
the first plant will be obtained on acceptable terms and in a timely manner
 the failure to obtain the necessary working capital
may cause the Company to move in one or more alternate directions to shepherd this revolutionary GTL system into production. Several
alternate paths are under consideration in conjunction with the joint venture/profit sharing approach.

statements do not include any adjustment to the recorded assets or liabilities that might be necessary should the Company have
to curtail operations or be unable to continue in existence.


the presentation of the consolidated financial statements are as follows.


at cost. Major additions and improvements are capitalized. The cost and related accumulated depreciation of equipment retired
or sold
 are removed from the accounts and any differences between the undepreciated amount and the proceeds from the sale or
salvage value are recorded as a gain or loss on sale of equipment. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over
the estimated useful life of the assets.


of long-lived assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable
 in
accordance with Accounting Standards Codification
 ASC Topic 360

 Plant and Equipment
asset group is considered impaired if its carrying amount exceeds the undiscounted future net cash flow the asset or asset group
is expected to generate.&nbsp;&nbsp;If an asset or asset group is considered impaired
 the impairment to be recognized is measured
by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds its fair value.&nbsp;&nbsp;If estimated fair value is less than
the book value
 the asset is written down to the estimated fair value and an impairment loss is recognized.



guidance on the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers in May 2014 with amendments in 2015 and 2016. Revenue recognition
will depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the
entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance also requires disclosures regarding the nature
amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The guidance permits two methods
of adoption: retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented
 or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially
applying the guidance recognized at the date of initial application (the cumulative catch-up transition method). The company will
adopt the guidance on January 1
 2018 and apply the cumulative catch-up transition method. The transition adjustment to be recorded
to stockholders&rsquo; equity upon adoption of the new standard is not expected to be material.


    
    


to date
 generated any revenues.



in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements and the reported amount of revenue and expenses during the reported period.&nbsp;&nbsp;Actual results
could differ materially from the estimates.


investments purchased with an original maturity of three-months or less to be cash equivalents.&nbsp;&nbsp;There were no cash
equivalents at December 31
 2017
 or December 31
 2016.


in accordance with FASB ASC 740
 &ldquo;Income Taxes
&rdquo; which requires that the Company recognize deferred tax liabilities
and assets based on the differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax bases of assets and liabilities
using enacted tax rates in effect in the years the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred income tax benefit (expense)
results from the change in net deferred tax assets or deferred tax liabilities. A valuation allowance is recorded when it is more
likely than not that some or all deferred tax assets will not be realized.

. The ASC clarifies the accounting for uncertainty in income
taxes recognized in an enterprise&rsquo;s financial statements.&nbsp;&nbsp;The ASC prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement
attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
ASC provides guidance on de-recognition
 classification
 interest and penalties
 accounting in interim periods
 disclosure and
transition.&nbsp;&nbsp;Open tax years
 subject to IRS examination include 2014 &ndash; 2017.
Net Loss Per Share
 basic and diluted

by dividing net loss available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period.
Shares issuable upon the exercise of warrants (12
810
625) have been excluded as a common stock equivalent in the diluted loss
per share because their effect would be anti-dilutive.


instruments in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 815


which establishes accounting and reporting standards for derivative instruments
 including certain derivative instruments embedded
in other contracts
 and for hedging activities.&nbsp;&nbsp;They require that an entity recognize all derivatives as either assets
or liabilities in the balance sheet and measure those instruments at fair value.

 a derivative
may be specifically designated as a hedge
 the objective of which is to match the timing of gain or loss recognition on the hedging
derivative with the recognition of (i) the changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to
the hedged risk or (ii) the earnings effect of the hedged forecasted transaction. For a derivative not designated as a hedging
instrument
 the gain or loss is recognized in income in the period of change.

payable and warrants.


    
    





 2008
 fair value
measurements are determined by the Company&rsquo;s adoption of authoritative guidance issued by the FASB
 with the exception of
the application of the statement to non-recurring
 non-financial assets and liabilities
 as permitted. Fair value is defined in
the authoritative guidance as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in the principal
or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement
date. A fair value hierarchy was established
 which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value into three levels as follows:

quoted market prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

observable inputs (other than level one prices)
 quoted market prices for similar assets such as at the measurement date; quoted
prices in the market that are not active; or other inputs that are observable
 either directly or indirectly.

are supported by little or no market activity
 therefore requiring management&rsquo;s best estimate of what market participants
would use as fair value.


the Company provides the debt holder with an original issue discount (&ldquo;OID&rdquo;).&nbsp;&nbsp;An OID is the difference
between the original cash proceeds and the amount of the note upon maturity. The Note is originally recorded for the total amount
payable. The OID is amortized into interest expense pro-rata over the term of the Note.

of the fair value measurement is based on inputs from different levels of the fair value hierarchy
 the level in the fair value
hierarchy within which the entire fair value measurement falls is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
value measurement in its entirety. The Company&rsquo;s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value
measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the asset or liability. The valuation of the Company&rsquo;s
notes recorded at fair value is determined using Level 3 inputs
 which consider (i) time value
 (ii) current market and (iii)
contractual prices.

and liabilities
 such as cash and cash equivalents
 receivables
 accounts payable
 notes payable and other payables
 approximate
their fair values because of the short maturity of these instruments.

and liabilities by level measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31
 2017 and 2016:



    
    
Level
    1
    
    
Level
    2
    
Level
    3
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
105
643
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
56
057
    


are measured on the balance sheets at fair value on a recurring basis utilizing significant unobservable inputs or Level 3 assumptions
in their valuation. The following tables provide a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances of the liabilities:


measured at fair value on a recurring basis and classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy are recognized in other
interest income&nbsp;and expense in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.


    
    


&nbsp;The change in the notes payable at fair value for the
year ended December 31
 2017
 is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    

    

 
    
    
    

 2017

    
    
    
    
    
    

    
(56
057
(49
586
    
    
(105
643




718-10
 (&ldquo;ASC 718-10&rdquo;) which requires that all share-based payments to both employees and non-employees
be recognized in the income statement based on their fair values.

 2017
 the Company did not have any outstanding
stock options.


 which potentially
subject the Company to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash. The Company places its cash with high credit quality
institutions.&nbsp;&nbsp;At times
 such&nbsp;deposits may be in excess of the FDIC insurance limit.


development costs in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification subtopic 730-10
 (&ldquo;ASC
730-10&rdquo;). Under ASC 730-10
 all research and development costs must be charged to expense as incurred. Accordingly
 internal
research and development costs are expensed as incurred. Third-party research and development costs are expensed when the contracted
work has been performed or as milestone results have been achieved as defined under the applicable agreement. Company-sponsored
research and development costs related to both present and future products are expensed in the period incurred. The Company incurred
research and development expenses of $867
052 and $967
348 during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.


by the Company at market values.



guidance on the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers in May 2014 with amendments in 2015 and 2016. Revenue recognition
will depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the
entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. The guidance also requires disclosures regarding the nature
amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. The guidance permits two methods
of adoption: retrospectively to each prior reporting period presented
 or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of initially
applying the guidance recognized at the date of initial application (the cumulative catch-up transition method). The company will
adopt the guidance on January 1
 2019 and apply the cumulative catch-up transition method. The transition adjustment to be recorded
to stockholders&rsquo; equity upon adoption of the new standard is not expected to be material.

other recently issued
 but not yet effective accounting pronouncements
 if adopted
 would have a material effect on the accompanying
consolidated financial statements.


    
    

NOTE 4 &ndash; PROPERTY
 PLANT
AND EQUIPMENT


 plant and equipment
 their estimated useful lives
 and
related accumulated depreciation at December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 are summarized as follows:


    
        
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
2
032
    
    
    
2
032
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
1
983
    
    
    
1
983
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
4
015
    
    
    
4
015
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
(4
015
    
    
    
(3
666
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Depreciation expense for the year ended December 31
 2017 and
    2016.
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    





 2017
and 2016;


    
    
    
    
    
    
        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

Unsecured note payable dated March 8
 2016 to
        an individual at 5% interest
 payable upon
        
    
    
2
500
    
    
    
13
500
    

Unsecured note payable dated November 13
 2017
        to a corporation at $10
000 lump

 2018
    
    
100
000
    
    
    
    
    

Unsecured note payable dated December 28
 2017 to a corporation
    payable on January 8
 2018
    
    
51
342
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
153
842
    
    
    
229
763
    




    
    
    
    
    
    
    


The
                                         Company negotiated a $15
500 reduction of the note in November 2016 for 200
000 shares
                                         of common stock valued at $0.12 per share of $24
000. The Company recognized a $8
500
                                         loss on the settlement.




667 convertible
promissory note bearing interest at 4.50% per annum to an accredited investor
 payable in equal installments of $6
000 commencing
February 1
 2018 plus interest at rate of 4% per annum on December 20
 2018 and $80
000 plus accrued interest on December 20
2019.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The holder has the right to convert the note into common stock of the Company at a conversion price of
$0.08 per share for each one dollar of cash payment which may be due (which would be 1
083
333 shares for the $86
667 payment
and 1
000
000 shares for the $80
000 payment.&nbsp;

the convertible note in accordance with ASC 815-40
 Contracts in Entity&rsquo;s Own Equity
 and concluded that the Convertible
Note did not resulted in a derivative. The Company evaluated the terms of the convertible note and concluded that there was a
beneficial conversion feature since the convertible note was convertible


    
    


to the market value of the common stock. The discount related to the beneficial conversion feature on the note was valued at $27
083
based on the $0.013 difference between the market price of $0.093 and the conversion price of $0.08 times the 2
083
325 conversion
shares. The discount related to the beneficial conversion feature will amortized over the term of the debt beginning in 2018.


000 convertible
promissory note bearing interest at 4.50% per annum to an accredited investor
 payable in equal installments of $6
000 plus accrued
interest until the principal and accrued interest are paid in full.&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;The holder has the right to convert the note
into common stock of the Company at a conversion price of equal to 70% of the prior twenty (20) days average closing market price
of the Company&rsquo;s common stock.&nbsp;

the convertible note in accordance with ASC 815-40
 Contracts in Entity&rsquo;s Own Equity
 and concluded that the Convertible
Note resulted in a derivative. The Company evaluated the terms of the convertible note and concluded that there was a beneficial
conversion feature since the convertible note was convertible into shares of common stock at a discount to the market value of
the common stock. The discount related to the beneficial conversion feature on the note was valued at $58
494 based on the difference
between the fair value of the 1
578
947 convertible shares at the valuation date and the $150
000 note value. The discount related
to the beneficial conversion feature will amortized over the term of the debt beginning in 2018. The discount related to the beneficial
conversion feature on the note was valued at $150
. The derivative ($58
494) was will
be amortized over the term of the debt (25 months) beginning in 2018 and was computed as follows;&nbsp;&nbsp;



    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    


NOTE 7 &ndash; MAY 4
 2016 CONVERTIBLE PROMISSORY NOTE



 2016
 the Company issued
a $224
000 convertible promissory note bearing interest at 10.0% per annum to an accredited investor
 payable beginning November
10
 2016
 in monthly installments of $44
800 plus accrued interest and a cash premium equal to 10.0% of the installment amount.&nbsp;&nbsp;The
convertible promissory note was paid in full on March 4
 2017. &nbsp;The holder had the right under certain circumstances to convert
the note into common stock of the Company at a conversion price equal to 70% of the average of the 3 lowest volume weighted average
trading prices during the 20-day period ending on the latest complete trading day prior to the conversion date.

the convertible note in accordance with ASC 815-40
 Contracts in Entity&rsquo;s Own Equity
 and concluded that the Convertible
Note resulted in a derivative. The Company evaluated the terms of the convertible note and concluded that there was a beneficial
conversion feature since the convertible note was convertible into shares of common stock at a discount to the market value of
the common stock. The discount related to the beneficial conversion feature on the note was valued at $224

Model
829) was amortized over the term of the debt (10 months).&nbsp;&nbsp;For
the year ended December 31
 2017
 the Company recognized interest expense of $9
327 related to the amortization of the discount.

000 note
 the
Company recorded debt issue cost and discount as follows:



    
    
$20
000 original issue discount and $4
000 debt
        issue cost
 which was amortized over 10 months
 with amortization

000 for twelve-months ended December 31
        2017.




    
    
The convertible promissory note was paid in full
        on March 10
 2017
 reducing the embedded derivative for the

        31
 2017.



    
    



000 convertible
promissory note in 2014 (repaid in July 2015)
 the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of common stock.



    
    
Warrants &ndash; recorded at fair value ($79
537)
        upon issuance
 and marked -to-market on the balance sheet at $47
149

 2017
 and $20
820 as of December
        31
 2016
 which was computed as follows:




    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    





 2017
and 2016;


    
    
    
    
    
    
        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
249
500
    
    
    
249
500
    

    
    
    
330
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
180
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
12
000
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
7
260
    
    
    
1
022
    

    
    
    
778
760
    
    
    
250
522
    





000
000
shares of class A common stock with a par value of $.0001 per share and 20
000
000 shares of class B stock with a par value of
$.0001 per share.&nbsp;&nbsp;Each common stock share has one voting right and the right to dividends
 if and when declared by
the Board of Directors.




 2017
 there were 287
681
826
shares of class A common stock issued and outstanding.


 2017
 the
Company: issued 21
004
716 shares of restricted class A common stock to sixty-five individuals through private placements for
cash of $2
191
750 at average of $0.104 per share.



356
666 shares of restricted common stock for consulting
services of $838





346
000 of restricted common stock to eight shares in settlement
of Shareholder disputes for a total value of $898





500
000 shares of restricted class A common stock to five
directors and valued the shares at $0.14 per share for a total value of $4
130


337
860 of treasury shares recorded at $69




    
    





932 shares of class A stock in exchange for 126
938 class




 2016
 the
Company: issued 31
055
955 shares of restricted class A common stock to forty-two individuals through private placements for cash
of $1
755
000 at average of $0.057 per share.



000 shares of restricted common stock for consulting services
of $32





000 shares of restricted common stock to a creditor for
rent expense of $8





285 shares of restricted common stock for conversion of
$51





000 shares of restricted common stock in partial settlement
of a note payable valued at $24





000
000 shares of class A stock in exchange
for 15
000






 2017 and 2016
 there were
0 and 126
938 shares of class B stock issued and outstanding
 respectively.


 2017
 the Company; exchanged
630
000 shares of class A common stock for 62
986 class B shares with a shareholder who held class B shares from the 2009 merger
agreement between the Company and Dynalyst Manufacturing Corporation which set a conversion rate of 15 to 1. The Company negotiated
the 630
000 shares when the class B shareholder elected to convert.



932 shares of class A common stock for 63
932
class B shares with shareholders who acquired the class B shares after the 2009 merger agreement between the Company and Dynalyst


During the year ended December
31
 2016
 the Company issued 15
000
000 shares of class A shares in exchange for 15
000
000 class B shares issued in 2011.

Stock options
 warrants and other rights


 2017
 the Company has not adopted any employee
stock option plans.

 2017
 the Company issued
6
000
000 warrants (4
000
000 at $0.35 for two years and 2
000
000 at $0.45 for three years) as part of a separation agreement
with a co-founder and former president. The Company valued the warrants as of March 31
 2017
 at $639

Model
 expected volatility rate of 455%
 expected conversion term of two and three years
and risk-free interest rate of 1.75%.

 2017
 the Company issued
1
000
000 warrants at $0.30 for three years as part of a settlement of a shareholder dispute with MTG Holdings
 Inc. he Company
valued the warrants as of December 31
 2017
 at $95
 with expected dividend rate of 0%
expected volatility rate of 116%
 expected conversion term of two and three years and risk-free interest rate of 1.37%.


    
    






of $219
509 (Tunstall Canyon Group $166
667
 Kevin Jones $51
342 and Pat Six $1
500) and $141
040 (Kevin Jones $121
040 and Tunstall
Canyon Group $20
000) during the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.&nbsp; During the year ended December 31
2107
 a shareholder Richard Halden purchased 2
250
000 shares of class A common stock for $225
000 ($0.010 per shares and Kevin
Jones received repayment of $59
690 loan. During the year ended December 31
 2016
 Tunstall Canyon elected to convert advances
of $51
500 to shares of class A common stock at an average value of $0.0775 per share and Kevin Jones received repayment of $151
000
loan. A shareholder forgave $30
077 of advances during the year ended December 31
 2016.




 2017 and 2016
 the Company
had approximately $9.5 million and $5.6 million
 respectively
 of net operating losses (&quot;NOL&quot;) carry forwards for federal
and state income tax purposes.&nbsp;&nbsp;These losses are available for future years and expire through 2034.&nbsp;&nbsp;Utilization
of these losses may be severely or completely limited if the Company undergoes an ownership change pursuant to Internal Revenue
Code Section 382.&nbsp;&nbsp;


of the following components for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016:



    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;Total tax provision for (benefit from) income
    taxes
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




statutory rate of 34% for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016 the Company's effective rate is as follows:



    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

State tax
 net of federal benefit
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    






    
    



financial statements consist of the following amounts at December 31
 2017 and December 31
 2016:&nbsp;


    
    
    
    
    
    
        
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
16
403
873
    
    
    
4
921
910
    

    
    
    
821
572
    
    
    
860
947
    

    
    
    
2
900
734
    
    
    
1
756
142
    

    
    
    
581
639
    
    
    
383
964
    

    
    
    
20
707
818
    
    
    
7
922
963
    

    
    
    
(20
707
818
    
    
    
(7
922
963
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    

    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    




was $12
784
855 and $2
018
074 for the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively.&nbsp; The Company has recorded a
100% valuation allowance related to the deferred tax asset for the loss from operations
 interest expense
 interest income and
other income subsequent to the change in ownership
 which amounted to $23
623
602 and $14
476
205 at December 31
 2017 and 2016
respectively.&nbsp;


Company&rsquo;s net operating losses may be subject to substantial annual limitation if the Company experiences a 50% change in
ownership
 as provided by the Internal Revenue Code and similar state provisions. &nbsp;Such an ownership change would substantially
increase the possibility of net operating losses expiring before complete utilization.


is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible.
Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities
 historical taxable income including available net operating
loss carry forwards to offset taxable income
 and projected future taxable income in making this assessment.






 the Company entered into employment
agreements with its chief executive officer
 president and chief financial officer.&nbsp;&nbsp;The Agreements were for a term
of 5 years
 ending on May 31
 2016.&nbsp;&nbsp;The employment agreements also provide for the officers to receive 1
250
000 shares
of restricted common stock annually for each year of the employment agreement.&nbsp;&nbsp;The agreements were not renewed. During
the year ended December 31
 2016
 the Company accrued $150
000
 respectively
 as management fees for the president and chief financial
officer.


 the Company entered into employment
agreements with the president and chairman of the board of Greenway Innovative Energy
 Inc. for a term of 5 years with compensation
of $90
000 per year. In June of 2014
 the president's employment agreement was amended to increase his annual pay to $180
000.&nbsp;
During the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 respectively
 the Company paid and accrued a total of $180
000 and $191
250
respectively
 towards the employment agreement.&nbsp;

    
    


Energy
 Inc.
 the Company agreed to issue an additional 7
500
000 shares of restricted common stock when the first GTL unit is
built and becomes operational and is capable of producing 2
000 barrels of diesel or jet fuel per day and pay Greenway Innovative
Energy a 2% royalty on all gross production sales on each unit placed in production.




 2017
 the Company entered into a three-year consulting
agreement with Chisos Equity Consultants
 LLC for public relations
 consulting and corporate communications services. The initial
payment was 1
800
000 shares of the Company&rsquo;s restricted common stock. Additional payments upon the Company&rsquo;s common
stock reaching certain price points as follows;



000 shares at the time the Company&rsquo;s common stock reaches $0.25 per share during


000 shares at the time the Company&rsquo;s common stock reaches $0.45 per share during


000
000 shares at the time the Company&rsquo;s common stock reaches $0.90 per share during


000
000 shares at the time the Company&rsquo;s common stock reaches $1.50 per share during


000
000 shares at the time the Company&rsquo;s common stock reaches $2.00 per share during


000000 shares at the time the Company&rsquo;s common stock reaches $10.00 per share during





 the Company signed a new
two-year lease for new office space of approximately 1
800 square feet at the rate of $2
417 for the first twelve months and $2
495
for the second twelve months.&nbsp; During the years ended December 31
 2017 and 2016
 the Company expensed $35
000 and $33
512
respectively
 in rent expense.


 Inc. rents approximately
600 square feet of office space at 1511 North Cooper St.
 Suite 207
 Arlington
 Texas 76011
 at a rate of $1
369 per month.


600
in annual maintenance fees on its Arizona BLM mining leases
 in addition to 10% royalties based on production.




a co-defendant in an action brought against the Company and Mamaki Tea
 Inc.
 alleging
 among other things
 that the Company was
named as a co-guarantor on an $850
000 foreclosed loan. Management does not believe the ultimate resolution will have an adverse
impact on the Company&rsquo;s financial condition or results of operations.


    
    



 2016
 Greenway Technologies filed
suit under Cause No. DC-16-004718
 in the 193rd District Court
 Dallas County
 Texas against Mamaki of Hawaii
 Inc. (&ldquo;Mamaki&rdquo;)
Hawaiian Beverages
 Inc.(&ldquo;HBI&rdquo;)
 Curtis Borman and Lee Jenison for breach of a Stock Purchase Agreement dated October
29
 2015
 wherein we sold our shares in Mamaki to HBI for $700
000 (along with the assumption of certain debt). The Defendants
failed to make payments of $150
000 each on November 30
 2015
 December 28
 2015 and January 27
 2016. On January 13
 2017
 we
executed a Settlement and Mutual Release Agreement with the Defendants. However
 the Defendants defaulted in their payment obligations
under Settlement and Mutual Release Agreement. Due to the bankruptcy proceedings involving Curtis Borman
 all action in this matter
has been stayed.

 2017
 in The Third
Judicial District Court of Salt Lake City
 Utah
 Tonaquint
 Inc.
 a Utah corporation
 filed suit against Greenway Technologies
Inc. (F.K.A. UMED Holdings
 Inc.) under Case No. 170905756. Pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement (the &ldquo;Purchase Agreement&rdquo;)
between Tonaquint and the Company
 as buyer
 and UMED
 as seller
 Tonaquint acquired a Convertible Promissory Note (the &quot;Note&quot;)
issued by UMED
 and a Warrant to Purchase Shares of Common Stock (the &ldquo;Warrant&rdquo;). The suit asserts that the Warrant
allegedly provided Tonaquint with the right to purchase at any time on or after September 18
 2014
 a number of fully paid and
non-assessable shares of UMED's common stock equal to $47
400 divided by the Market Price (as defined in the Note
 as of September
18
 2014)
 as such number may be adjusted from time to time pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Warrant. As of the date
of this report
 the parties have agreed to settle the dispute by a dismissal of this action with prejudice in return for a mutual
release of claims and a one-time issuance from Greenway Technologies of 1
600
000 shares of our common stock subject to a weekly
leak out restriction equal to the greater of $10
000.00 and 8% of the weekly trading volume. Further
 the issuance of stock will
be done in connection with a legal opinion pursuant to Rule 144.




 2018 through
March 31
 2018
 the Company issued&nbsp;5
065
000 shares of restricted class A common stock to 11 individuals for $751
500 at
average price of $0.1484 per share.


 2018
 a former executive returned
8
633
164 to the Company to be cancelled.


 2018
 the Company issued&nbsp;3
000
000
shares of restricted class A common stock and a $150
000 promissory note (payable over 25 months) to the Greer Family Trust as
part of a settlement agreement.


 2018
 the Company issued 4
000
000
warrants (exercisable on or before January 8
 2021 at a price of $.10 per shares) to Kent Harer
 a member of the Company&rsquo;s
Board of Directors.


2018
 operational activation of the first 125 BPD G-reformer was completed at the manufacturer in Fort Worth
 Texas. The results
of the activation confirmed our expectation for syn-gas production in the field. &nbsp;



    
    





















     








Greenway
Technologies
 Inc.
8851 Camp Bowie West
Suite 240
Fort Worth
 TX 76116
Wildcat
Consulting Group LLC PO Box 81175
Las Vegas
 NV 89180-1175
I.



000.00

PO
Box 81175
 Las Vegas
 NV 891801175
Il.



February 28
 2018
the Borrower agrees to honor its commitment to pay the $4
000.00 monthly consulting fee due Lender
 beginning with the November
1
 2017 payment. Borrower agrees to bring current the August 1
 2017 through October 1
 2017 payments totaling $12
000.00 that
are past due.

111.


of $110
000.00 by more than five (5) days from the time set forth herein
 then Borrower shall issue an additional 500 Warrants
at $.30 each to Lender
 along with an additional 500 Warrants for every whole or partial thirty (30) day period thereafter
 until
the $110
000.00 is paid in full. In addition
 the Borrower shall issue an additional 500 Warrants for every whole or partial month
after February 28
 2018
 until the August through October 2017 past due amount of $12
000.00 in consulting fees is paid in full.
No pre-payment penalties will apply in either case.


    
    



Costs

Note
 Borrower will pay to
Lender
such further amount as will be sufficient to cover the cost and expenses of collection
 including
 without limitation
 reasonable
attorney's fees
 expenses
 and disbursements. These costs will be added to the outstanding principal and will become immediately
due.
V.


of this Note by Lender or by any subsequent holder of this Note
 agrees to remain bound by the terms of this Note subsequent to
any transfer
 and agrees that the terms of this Note may be fully enforced by any subsequent holder of this Note.

Modification; Waiver

 modification or waiver of any
provision of this Promissory Note or consent to departure therefrom shall be effective unless by written agreement signed by both
Borrower and Lender.
VII.


Note shall inure to the benefit of and be binding jointly and severally upon the successors
 assigns
 heirs
 survivors and personal
representatives of Borrower and shall inure to the benefit of any holder
 its legal representatives
 successors and assigns.
VIll.


Note shall be deemed waived unless it is waived in writing. No course of dealing and no delay on the part of Lender in exercising
any right will operate as a waiver thereof or otherwise prejudice Lender's rights
 powers
 or remedies. No right
 power
 or remedy
conferred by this Promissory Note upon Lender will be exclusive of any other rights
 power
 or remedy referred to in this Note
or now or hereafter available at law
 in equity
 by statute
 or otherwise.


    
    





Law

 construction and performance
of this Promissory Note will be governed by the laws of Texas
 excluding that body of law pertaining to conflicts of law. Borrower
hereby waives presentment
 notice of non-payment
 notice of dishonor
 protest
 demand and diligence.

below that they have read and agree with the terms and conditions of this agreement in its entirety.


 Inc.



of Acknowledgment of Notary Public


known
to me (or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence) to be the person whose name is subscribed to the within instrument
and acknowledged to me that he or she executed the same in his or her authorized capacity and that by his or her signature on the
instrument
 the person
 or the entity upon behalf of which the person acted
 executed the instrument.

    
    





Expires 01-20-2019 Notary 12849777-7















begin 644 image_088.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  
 @, @
# P
$ P
$!0@%!00$
M!0H'!P8(# H
# L*PL-#A(0#0X1#@L+$!80$1,4%145# \7&!84&!(4%13_
MVP!# 0,$! 4$!0D%!0D4#0L-%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04
M%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!3_P  1  !  $# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#[EHHHH __
!V0$!
end








begin 644 image_089.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#V:DQ2T4 )


\UFZIJ4R3QV&GA9+R49^8_+$O=FK/FTV/3K_ $J7


L:
M=!




YS6Y0 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4A&:6B@!*







\[B*-0-S




M6[Q7DET-'G9Y)/

MHH H_;KO_H%S?]_$_P :7[9=?] V;_OXG^-7:* *1O;D?\PV?_OM/\::+ZZ)
M_P09/\ ]]I_C5^B@E]MNO^@;/_ -]I_C2?;;K_ *!DX_X&G^-7J* *)O;H

$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!# 0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[



%W$P*3(&&*

MTUN-V]$#






MD




.GO3 U+V]%JB!%\R65]D2 ]6_P




:;)ID;/\ K
_)^OZ5#-HNIZ;!/!I$XELYLD6\CE6A)ZA

MX+N

DC0DHCJ2=R#[I/OBC2[)M/%Q;C'V?S2\('\(



&SZ=


=V
DC*


P66&--K(#_$I)YQZ4 ;%
M%)1F@!:*3(HH 6BDXHS0 M%)FEH **** BBB@@;.^))&J2#T'DIQ^E(;*^
M/_


#5IOJ8D/]*:UA?D\:Q

S^S+W&/[:N


M_P =H.GWG_06N/\ OA/\*T** 
\:?==]5N#_ 




$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!# 0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#V:BBB@ HH
MI#0!6O+^WLD#3,=S'(HRSGT JJ/[0NU:2X86
&
[%.9







M?\ MF*8&$8--@NI;^QU.&[? )+ H4' 0CT'KUI%2R-])/)K42P2/YK0HX'

MK_S[0_\ ?L4[#&?VE8_\_D'_ '\%+_:%GC/VJ'_OL4_[);?\^\7_ 'P*46MN
M.EO$/^ D!'_ &C9#_EZA_[[%-_M33\9^VP ?]=!4WV:#_GC'_WR*#;6YZP1
M_P#? H @_M;3O^?ZW_[^C^U]/'_ ^P?]]BIC:6QZV\7_? H^RVX_Y=XO\
MO@4 5_[9TW&?MT'_ 'V*/[:TOOJ%N/\ MH*L?9;?_GWB_P^!1]CM3_R[1?]



$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!# 0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[



!(QOVYW-]
G]* .GHHI* %I
XK.FU0O
UO80FZF0X

':,2L
MT@Z(J$EOI0!*MX9-6DM%'RPQ!G/NQX'YKE8.C_:+S5M0O)-T$8D5! 0-WC
MEC^/2MV@!:*2C- T4F:


ML-6DO+:;[9;GR=YYA(P2



H?_  '_ /KT44 )]EU?

!Q_C2_9-6R#_:L




end








begin 644 image_093.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#V:BBB@ HH

^YY_*M5V5%+


M4R8^8J


#C3;
8)'IGG%
M1:X1_9
Z=Y0(Q_P(@?UJ:]G%AITTX'$
1('T'% $%EFYU&ZNR3L4^1&/I]X_

M)W

Y_P6M'M0!F-J\T$LW5A)D\
M@C1O
5B&/3(%:8K)MC#J&K232

D-


C=4

M;=WZEOTK2H S1IU\1F35YMV.=D:@?AQ3]&N)[FR



M))M\L
_M&?3A!9^=% +CS,MMG(VX]<CK59_%[W$




M*5
@]QUSS6M##Y7_ UDD_WSF@6BBJOVP&_^QH
R+&)'/8*20/QXH M44F:
MJK=&:\
$)RL7
K8R

N/:J$]C8V-N)KB+[7-N50\O+.Q.!]*;)KBQ7B07+QVFU%:42DDDD9POL
M.F:JW^LV,VJV,2&2X2+?,1#&6RP&%_\ 0C^E &K:/#//<QU2
6[A
X'S?*#


M9+

86M[HD'&Y825/T-20:C974K0



M

M)]=V1
T.G7TKC^#R2


W


+Q%)@2&#$'M]*DT/5?[8LI+H!-BSO&A0Y#*#




MO?\ OR:='KFF2V+7R7D9MU.TOGH?3ZU5O?$-LNE/?6$D=R$E2-AGIN8#G\Z







1R1&!DVX)((X]S38+N\_




4\U9B2&'7K

+=@:G.KPNI

M
T 9HU:UVA?LMSM'0?9SBG?VO /^6%U_WX:G:??O?
[K&%@W$1-GEP#C/TJ_
M0!EOKUK$



M

ME(H FHI





H8Y+Z30
MK734 NH)5
JB



UWNT$8(!% 50




M+QK6Q-N4CGB@#*'W?
I!''UK2TBZL=)L((H9I[I;R[98R8]I+'DD#^[WKHL+
MC&T8]

M37+F\GT4/Y



1POGQV
9-KJ2S0W5W_I%TUKE(#M_A7ISQS4$-JMU#'
MX:ZMWUM3NDCVB12G)QCI7H'E1A-FQ=OICBEVJ.PH X[4;5;'Q+(6NTTZV:V5
M8#]G#IP3N4





4S $




5
VA6Y.?M-[_ .!+?XU ?#VG6XEE

M4:80
?;;H_5QQ^E $6LWG]EZ/-+$Q$B)B$8W$MV&.]2Z8ACT^$O*9GD42/(3


BT/_?S_ .M3
MSXDVKG[+WQ_K/_K4 ;E%87_2_*6^R=/^FG_ -:F_P#3X(!L^HS_K/_ *U
M&]16!_PD_7_0_P#R)_\ 6IR^)2REOL@Q_P!=/_K4 ;N:*P?^$FX)^Q?^1?\

MNTE8I\0
N/\ 1!_W]_\ K4'Q VT$6HY_Z:?_ %J -JBL;^WI6Z6J?]_#_A2?
MV]+GBU3_ +^G_@#:HK#/B&7D?8T_P_Q_\ B:;_ 

M+Y%PS;$&2WR&I].OIM7UU9CF&&V@_P!4LA(9F.
G@= *U;W38KVYM)Y&8&UD
M+J!T)(QS^= &]]JY@TE?MT0EU*9M[QQAEC3:2%'KCUJ(ZQJEO//I/VI9;DW
MJ017+(,JC+N)(Z9%:MOX:M[:XADBGE$5O.TT4/&UP(('MS3[GP[;7
MS
TL

MBSTT[_*LY!(C9^8D'//UI:#
];G6KFXOH/[1$#6=K')\L0.YRF3G/;(K9TZ[
MFU+PW#=.1'-/;[B5'1L=:E72X5N[RYW-NO$5''8 #''YU)86
6GZ?#8QEFCA


MO9#'+;B



$ASC)ZXSSB@![:SK*VU]?^=;FW

&=

$

IXM0_MK

MJD]PMCGR(V50 
8YQUX[UH:KIJZI9_9VE:)@ZR)(O56!R#0(RUDU:\U&XT^+



M.U;XVRPF+@KNVY)ZY%.O-?U#16U&VN)ENI8EB

M9-C7/VC=QG=NW8^E.O/#]I?7%U/


P[76]6U&YL+

M)9R1/(6M%D +'[Y?EB??-6[.PCLI+IXV)-S

'OTK4N?#QFO+N:
M*^EABO5VW$(4$
=NT$$]*GET.&5-/1Y&*V'W01]_Y=O- '/6/BC4+B6TN 7F

CMSUKH]3TT
M7XA=9F@GMWWQ2J


begin 644 image_094.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-
M#AT5%A$8(Q\E)(?(B$F*S<O)BDT*2$B
$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!# 0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[




MO.GN76&\:.
F,_@<4IT;5+?5+N\L+^&-+K8622$M@J,=<T
^\@:ANU.
MRO9=-$BW$99A$?XMX!SGWIDZ12BPFA%YJ&B+&W$3LSA\\;AU('3VK7-GXA2


M'TI].%S+/


MTZX\T 62

.M:&L:B^GQ1NLUI$&.UU(5'X8Y-5K2QU&XU:WU&\NK9

 9XJ/4+*TN+V[O$U6W2:8PO!DYV-'Z^H.: +-I)



MA(3:0P_
^U %&YUQ]3TJ4

MN3M
MW)QD^U8

1!K!KBV5761)CY+*3



M  
4W[':_P#/M#_WP*/L=MQ_H\7'3Y!0 Y;FW8[5GC)] XHIOV*VR#]GCX.?

#SI/G/W4499OH!0 Z[^T?






1
MU11W8X% &,3?3',.@V\?'+7#KG\@#2+H]W+@R+I\'J(K;=_.K;:O$Y9;.&:[
M8=/+7_]]'BDV:O=+\\D=BI[1CS'_

&GZ

Q-$\-6V
MEF69DC:6?ED5?D3V4'^=;2HJ?=4+]!3J*04M%% !24M% !1110 4E+10 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%)FC- T4F:6@ HHI* %I**#0!EF]?4KJ:ULIO+2

[_P!Z9B_\ZN*B



M_

M

J87_B91\^ML/\ XJBBD,<8M3'_ #$8_P#P''^-(5U(8_XF?\

^_

M3&1F]U(2!?M$&#_TP/\ \54GVC4CTNH1_P!L/_LJ**=D(1Y]37&+N#IWMS_\
M54 U#4_
U#(XML'_IFW_Q52+KEZ2<B#C_8/^-%% #AK=WMSMASG^Z?
L\:?_ &Q=X)Q#P,_=/^-%%.PBQI6IS7TLJ2JBA -H/?\:U***0PHHHH _]D!
end








begin 644 image_004.gif


 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt/95% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt/95% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt/95% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt/95% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt/107% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt/107% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 WIDTH=100% STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 WIDTH=100% STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 WIDTH=100% STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 WIDTH=100% STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 WIDTH=100% STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 WIDTH=100% STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 WIDTH=100% STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 WIDTH=100% STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/107% Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/93% Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt/107% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/107% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt/107% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt/107% Times New Roman
 Times




<P STYLE=font: 10pt/107% Times New Roman
 Times

 @,# P,$ P,$!0@%!00$
M!0H'!P8(# H,# L*PL-#A(0#0X1#@L+$!80$1
4%145# \7&!84&!(4%13_
MVP!# 0
$! 4$!0D%!0D4#0L-%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04


$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24


end








begin 644 image_097.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  
 @, @
# P
$ P
$!0@%!00$
M!0H'!P8(# H
# L*PL-#A(0#0X1#@L+$!80$1,4%145# \7&!84&!(4%13_
MVP!# 0,$! 4$!0D%!0D4#0L-%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04
M%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!3_P  1  (  D# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#L?C?+\5T^

end








begin 644 image_098.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-

end








begin 644 image_099.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TZBBBF(__
!V0$!
end








begin 644 image_100.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  
 @, @
# P
$ P
$!0@%!00$
M!0H'!P8(# H
# L*PL-#A(0#0X1#@L+$!80$1,4%145# \7&!84&!(4%13_
MVP!# 0,$! 4$!0D%!0D4#0L-%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04
M%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!3_P  1  !  $# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#]!:***L@_

$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!# 0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[


$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24


end








begin 644 image_103.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  
 @, @
# P
$ P
$!0@%!00$
M!0H'!P8(# H
# L*PL-#A(0#0X1#@L+$!80$1,4%145# \7&!84&!(4%13_
MVP!# 0,$! 4$!0D%!0D4#0L-%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04
M%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!3_P  1  !  $# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#] Z***L@_

$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24


end








begin 644 image_105.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  
 @, @
# P
$ P
$!0@%!00$
M!0H'!P8(# H
# L*PL-#A(0#0X1#@L+$!80$1,4%145# \7&!84&!(4%13_
MVP!# 0,$! 4$!0D%!0D4#0L-%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04
M%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!3_P  1  !  $# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#] Z*** /_
!V0$!
end








begin 644 image_108.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!# 0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[





HMFDD/N/X1^M-\ZQTY4NIM(O[R9C\DUX
QC*6\03<<LW5F/J3U-6,4AG)66GZEX9U(I;[5+.:' 5F!V.#

 @,# P,$ P,$!0@%!00$
M!0H'!P8(# H,# L*PL-#A(0#0X1#@L+$!80$1
4%145# \7&!84&!(4%13_
MVP!# 0
$! 4$!0D%!0D4#0L-%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#]**** /_
!V0$!
end








begin 644 image_110.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#V:BBH;BZ@
MM$\RXFCB3U=@* )J*HV^K6MUM

M:BL^'6K&XU 6
4I:4J6'R':0.N#T-:% !2

C':EHH S;61K:\DT^3E57S(6

6J&/);
M;(Q923Z*3C-8EMIUWXM<3)=/TQ#B



\

RQV:1^5;$C * _
WXGI]*

)HH 6BBB@#__9
end








begin 644 image_005.gif


M P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$
M P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$
M P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ PC_  $ P$:PH

ME46+$C-JW

F0%UL)6BGH2LN5%$_*G$FSILF1-G/JU!BS
MHDJ5
 6E]FH8,^=2),J_8ASJ5.G*UU2/(H0X].K6+,:;*JU*TF++-2]4JV
M[$FN9M.*O6)5K=NW-M%J'0O78





EKEWT$3:O2OEF&N)J
PQ*%FK=]@OS6

M14T_I!P6VHKZ=7$O;YWAKACRNFB7LK_#:5S@(ZX(+!FIX6VU'?=^BHV;3?T
MM'4'BGUD7S!Y3!'
8Z%;K[=(M1YX6:I*'A\.#
^KFND35W4UDQR:+4@+;0R


TSM+G8945H

)OH.5WDT
MJL?@Q2S:-2*<A

@\7LJJ5=R-#@@







M.-
7P0DLJ;2DE  Z79A:@


M*Y?.XA)$M




M&3G'




E

MODHEW5P2$-O
*KF8,5@+!([L+!BNLF%;D* ?9\013?;Q'KLGZHC\J HI]X'D6X7
M?[8Z*C:)E?01A$U7S<O1]T@6&1(2=&.=CYEO6B^.R*;%Y5_EAE74-!&D&

M/HC$M5 K]%P 9D_[  M0BA7A3&FIGOM&KJ'GLC;\K:3TFRA3Y5W*'?#1
(

M05@AJK)?E10WMDB%X54K-B5%60TQR^^+E?8$1L%]$@$8E;E9&!ZQ6ZY%Q/3
M=6!8WA7

E /](* 5&3V!Q36



?!0:

MF?^4-%G$(BX3$UAP+S!1*S #%(D2BESB$OFC%P7C2VZX&U?@*3:234PG;KHT
M


M-/N48H
)$[580WPUA4)4)I5I42:9*K72+-]!)QKCD:YA66Q&%9[B4VI#AA#9
M&K3W;K1E@''Y7V!F'\5A;FT18M9S
I R9P1BFT4Q


&Z90G.[PSJ+YZ 5(K+)#P*
MXQA T8[5B4'LDW/*QIK]!V
4D--Q#:S=X8$P0+%N! #EQ4;TA ?DN1HS?
M1IW
@7;5-:*H


<BODY STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt/91% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt/91% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/91% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt/90% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt/90% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt/90% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt/90% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/90% Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/90% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/90% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/92% Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/94% Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt/91% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt/90% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/92% Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/92% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/92% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/92% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/92% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt/91% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt/91% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt/90% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt/94% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/94% Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/91% Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/91% Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/91% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/91% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/90% Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/90% Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/94% Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt/94% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/94% Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/94% Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/92% Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/94% Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/94% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/94% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times

 @,# P,$ P,$!0@%!00$
M!0H'!P8(# H,# L*PL-#A(0#0X1#@L+$!80$1
4%145# \7&!84&!(4%13_
MVP!# 0
$! 4$!0D%!0D4#0L-%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04


X5H1$1N58Y!(5P<#G'7





D#
M002$[MRYP





-+&WCCCB3RT<88(2


end








begin 644 image_112.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-

 $4# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4


M=YYJ
Y*G$<8 /<YS127-RUO)Y:*FT=
K138C_]D!
end








begin 644 image_113.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!# 0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#V:HY98XAF
M1PH]S3B:S+G0[:_NGFU#-RN0(HF)1CZ \GW- &C'/'*



'&2.Y/O2$=+#=0SDB.16(
MZ@&LG4_%FEZ8&\R8.ZNR%%Y.1UZ5G:TEEX:U6PU&W MHY7=+B&/ 5P%)!QZY
M'ZURFC








S5M%AU
)('
%W$

'%%%% '__V0$!
end








begin 644 image_115.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#T[-%'YT51

end








begin 644 image_116.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TR=OW\G/\
M9_G1230EIY#ZL3^M%418M


([HHHHH$?_]D!
end








begin 644 image_117.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#V:BJE_J=K



#L2




/ANS?_2[Y@)
?

M%4CB
IJQBBX$5I;1VE
MK#;1#]W@1?H!BBIJ*0%#4])L]5C5+J/+1G='(IVO&?4'M7
/J5_IIEMTO))

$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!# 0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[

LKJYNK(2'S(+E?G,8
M/WEQ3L/0]I*AL[J.]M(KF%MT<JAE/UJ/4K^'3;:\G;1*6Z]?:D(LE@IY(




?OR=D_+-=5K6H1Z%HDUWM $*;8U]^@%<[HG@NUO-&2XU03
MZNG
\ACE*'GH./:DA$FI^)8[NQM](TG

*B# %%]

E8Q-7TBVUFWCM[K?LCE60!#C)'8^U7L=***0!2T44 %%%% '_V0$!
end








begin 644 image_119.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#T:Z\4K:SW


@_6BP'6IJ5D\[P)=1-+&








T

M(HS%(DD#;70^]%M0OH:;:K/H\
5K?%[^^E9S&ENGS
@[D=N*2+Q79W'V#R8I
M2+V1HP2
;&'4-[UB/)JC75IJ0AN7OX=Z



M'9_ZN3RY6


P+[0JCW]:Q;G5;K7YM

+
&1@RGV)ZBF66C7UG/





QPJJQSGUJKI^OS:/X;M
MTVA[JXO)8P6)*KAN3ZFI3X5U#[%8P)NCELF9DN$F ;#')7I2#PI?C3EM$C(

M FDV NT3_+NYR/Y5G1^'=7'V-FDW2VDQF#M-NW

T2_X444P+ MH!R((Q_P 4+!!Q$@^BB


%GPN3G Q6K113&S_V0$!
end








begin 644 image_120.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4


MM82ZQ/



8XI%R%(Y)Z8QZYKU*[U&WOM*NI)VCFN;@
M*+-1D
^OO7/ZIK+:=+X?LVM6F

MLU&3'GH /[U4-&Y9S

MU222)HW6)H(I.



M8*%

GPWHG]AZ6+=Y/-N)'
D\G]YSU_#M6M1TI:0'
6=O!8
M^-;^:=FCFN$5XCGY9$P 1]01^M=US B[FE4 #KFJ6N:?:WVGR&YB#M"T;
MD%3CL1S7%Z+:QZI?FVOFEGA!MC2MC/YU5KBNC;UO58M=MYM'TRU^WR2##L#

$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!# 0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[


MXL#9H8 JS_:(W




M^P]:DB\
-#:1VPD8&5IHI!.V]&(YYQT--F\-7$PN,MQGE24LTC;D=1@%3B
WM:DW3AW!9L @8XXHL!B$W-


RL?DP
 D$=

T=J1)



ZR30^8VR1EZ$C'6FW'AR]N'OC)+#MOG1Y KL-I

$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!# 0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[

*ETNXDL;#4(9H;AI+J621EL^%W=CQ



M5[9


M.[ 7']:='XNAB-XE['&DEM$)0()1(&4G&
^N:R6L;F73+K39EN&M?

MMBT8





98GBM/[/K
M/_/W'^5*PR'0O^0OJ_\ UV']:W:**'N)!1114@@I:**!B4444 %%%%
3$K$\

$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!# 0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[


A_A8=:@\6B6?38+&%RAO+E(6(_NG




 #  [47$4-?L9M2T*\L[=E66:/:A8X&:B\

MR



M P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$
M P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$
M P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ PC_  $('$BPH
&!V!(J7

JO*;0
ME4.?
W%BXYDSHDQL1Z5)!





4DE#!J.==H@D@#9;K3U4JA





S+1I'K5(%

_)WFMF'1:CU)4CDJ:/?DIO^N1KQ02ZF[2PK5V
MF+Y7)

M-YB-L$!5R5$*8% 4IG_11L8TAW/Z)4FRDI






M*D+:'\]SH:&)2(]7\ +*DD:8 _5O:-N#UZ(^%4#3A:8FY9$-$Q.2M@8:SVQX



WH
M!EG
@[%G/K!S35Y3$MK 
'0P.Q

8APQ/98@5




')^\4[V+!$KWX7*\7IRJ):29$5*




G@Z;URSH8#BY:JI:
59;6K,3-1'I[DYOM8Y^9QQ%M]H4\!R7%=,TNL8%
M4V1)72QA 6W9R66%9GQ)#&Y[[S4




:R!?\PVYZ%#;!4B8N!H-QAT\B(M06LS\4YQ(B8A)6H^


U&UP2#DIY J2(FKK
MT6P]D1R
EU]H*!)J&!('_W(P

M

%:M:+0#:*9 @NF60Z+F9IOE
N

S4T




M-=BP!X#1@2UPD6/8EWR1D/VV&KEVCW$66RX%%']$;#*58B[Q
SYX
D2B*JGA

08HDCL27PQA

M
MX 6OL3($@VF9HUG6V9*MD2M2 SDR4I_8$P51817R

M.9X\4TN_&8?K%$\4^&O%.$.0N7@+.57$XB74I1NQ5SX&04P88L&J#4!SOR
M\G 1%FSM)A%HT:(_Y$0O:CLHD9ZP\RIJ)-QB62F(AK5PB:GT))M,@,L\*;

ML1C1$0UC&AH=8::Y\7




MIQ -IFF0E(;IV!(.46JIGH:IWJO?$ARI$U_4

M

W(,K_2
942WM@:[2



%H8M=$18,+,$.7, QMR?H
M.F4/+'H-[']DR)FCM2%99V0&VI-:61%O)L 0 :;F(4Y[X0JKFO*^!
&R1P)


42
W@C++A!?:-Q/2
M@!IO*JI1Z:5)2R

LP=188(ZZ8HIXQ$@3VRHSJ8L

K&3L?DH1:
M+O4W2[

M?TIPN#




\S
:BC0U
).3:V.U59AG3EQ2Q'+_L;

%
M E6!S;UL-QC(L:/= V^03=*V(2A\)2HV72!8$(NT!2-AV$%)-QKFH5'8DXEA
MA;#P$S\U :0N\3TQ\ZZLTS
FM71M(F][.!^^

42Z7
M


M#O


 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt/107% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt/107% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

    <TD STYLE=width: 91%; padding-top: 0.35pt; font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Calibri
 Helvetica
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Calibri
 Helvetica

    <TD STYLE=width: 9%; padding-top: 0.35pt; font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times

 Helvetica

<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 15pt/107% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Calibri
 Helvetica
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Calibri
 Helvetica
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Calibri
 Helvetica

<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/107% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 WIDTH=100% STYLE=font: 9pt/106% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 9pt/106% Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 WIDTH=100% STYLE=font: 9pt/106% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/107% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/107% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 13pt/107% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/107% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/94% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt/107% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLSPACING=0 CELLPADDING=0 STYLE=font: 12pt Times New Roman
 Times
<FONT STYLE=font-family: Calibri
 Helvetica

<P STYLE=font: 17pt/107% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times
(a)<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/107% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/107% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/105% Times New Roman
 Times
(b)<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times
(c)<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times
(d)<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<TABLE CELLPADDING=0 CELLSPACING=0 WIDTH=100% STYLE=font: 10pt/107% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/107% Times New Roman
 Times
4.<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times
5.<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times
6.<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times
7.<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times
16.<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times
17.<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times
18.<FONT STYLE=font-family: Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt/107% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/107% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/107% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 12pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/103% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/107% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 11pt/107% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 13pt/107% Times New Roman
 Times


<P STYLE=font: 10pt/199% Times New Roman
 Times

begin 644 image_124.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-
M#AT5%A$8(Q\E)(?(B$F*S<O)BDT*2$B
$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!# 0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[


begin 644 image_125.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-
M#AT5%A$8(Q\E)(?(B$F*S<O)BDT*2$B
$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!# 0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#T:XOY[73[
M:1)'9=[AA]XY&?YFJ^MWFH6VI

$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!# 0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[


$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!# 0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[


M! $     + 

M P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$
M P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$
M P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ PC_  $(' @@42)7V!(J7



6KEB1*FNKJ#VW[DP[

J26?2=SEA%9I?'V&#559 0=66:O%U19ZS$T8UG/,@8<90MZ--%U-
M2IV5$X56T2(=<A-.B%I:QV4TV'^#1'60%U$EV-Q6QT$7(GX,9)16N !9EF/
M81U47%P\%=9B*SD-LAB51AX(F&'




M9Y;=EI!0G GE+U@(\X770M$DC(VWJ6D$


MO1Y'V..U(EFD+4D28=P0Q# [Y/+(^XIV5


:UF']248X;52)5QEQ;RND


MI$LA+RQ90D^J_VJ$&


L\XYBN!.5



M9=_
93A)1LI@7,A,SL*Q#AV+9NXLV+6V@A1'N:1=,IL9*F*Y3CQ1?_+H+&S
M7KS4.?V2


3/]Q


M.Z
8F!8O4H\*SHP8E$*;6DJJA9'.I_KBO-7_+$NPA^0* =6G)0!Y3%%IK5W=

M&IX@QE [*
1(8LK3/A/E4TQ1P4)QF@;Y#1&,6(%&BQP:/A1J6^.IM;G?C'









\[L(*QGORN;RO$K?P.JHU8.]+\4[5




F&:Y%A%SLCBWLA%*PA%O
4-JMTMVX4M=PDD[QQB_\7&GLRS:
MLBDVU5=S
AZD156:T1.@X341HS'P17QV^#1%8RAY=A5V6$DQ$GM@DAS$9Q5?
M51V;E23*E1BL@X/4=1VE_R5;4Q$ZH5):1V82







A


M






=?CJL?5JJN]JJW6J@VOJHX1JMI6JMZ)JNF!H0 #L!
end








begin 644 image_128.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4


4[J9&8.Z8)W9XZ]J***U2
;L__]D!
end








begin 644 image_129.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4



D4[(S5\WD9J
M+[F.;Z\'()^12VGW@&Q_*MXD N[:
DX8L1[X%3Y0MC(W$=/:E94;&X X.1
M[4KE6T

&W<C\C6X$7.[ SZT;5]
M!1=!9F7+?NDI*R$C+C:1Z#-6;X-PKN7!'&!GIQ5B2))(V08&X$9 Z9IMO;K


9
MS6BS0PD' 4N0O _(4\(@W84#=UXZT7 Q9M:\OSBK%PD:'CMD'-6%O9))&C1\




MB&5VL


MFF&Q;1+A=+D*JQG8


begin 644 image_130.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-
M#AT5%A$8(Q\E)(?(B$F*S<O)BDT*2$B
$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!# 0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[


begin 644 image_131.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-
M#AT5%A$8(Q\E)(?(B$F*S<O)BDT*2$B
$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!# 0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[


 @,# P,$ P,$!0@%!00$
M!0H'!P8(# H,# L*PL-#A(0#0X1#@L+$!80$1
4%145# \7&!84&!(4%13_
MVP!# 0
$! 4$!0D%!0D4#0L-%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04





#TSZUX%\/_ OQ1^+&H/JUSJDFB:0]LOD-N)WY&01CJ:]




MPSX







$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!# 0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[
M.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SO_P  1  . \# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#U33M0CDL;



K1^0Y#[&*EU(Z9'O5B+1=/@0B* !B


#S__9
end








begin 644 image_134.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#T:[N9VDM)

$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!# 0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TK[=*MM:E
MI##YY;?)MW8?L*AU2ZN(+PK 3@JV/7_ #BM:T WW P

$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!# 0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[


$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!# 0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[


M[-@UI@0EURJAVR145Q/9Q






T;J%&TX.0

end








begin 644 image_138.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TBBBBJ(/_
!V0$!
end








begin 644 image_139.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#UBT#1R3-*

end








begin 644 image_140.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TB2Y_P!7
4&F^/9&=WW7#YS^5%%%:7
4C_]D!
end








begin 644 image_141.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TBYN+F1[.

XJ.:-&N6!12

 BX!'3K6FAC=G__9
end








begin 644 image_142.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4


1BXC01#&&;)Y/4FBBBFQ(_]D!
end








begin 644 image_143.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#T_2Y9%GN?

end








begin 644 image_144.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TVZOY7MOE

!@T\7


M&



M&9Y8H3&F^0L


?*8F12KRLQ'L#C\*V!T%*:5]1F7:3W%S-&6W(  2I'4$?XT^^GF2


USOD@\QCL6


end








begin 644 image_008.gif

2'^&E-O9G1W87)E.B!-:6-R;W-O9G0@3V9F:6-E 'Y
M! $     + (   Z %0 AP          
P  9@  F0  S   _P S   S
P S
M9@ SF0 SS  S_P!F  !F
P!F9@!FF0!FS !F_P9  9
P99@9F09S 9
M_P#
  #

P#
9@#
F0#
S #
_P#_  #_
P#_9@#_F0#_S #__S
  #
 
S
M9C
 F3
 S#
 _S
S #
S
S
S9C
SF3
SS#
S_S-F #-F
S-F9C-FF3-FS#-F
M_S.9 #.9
S.99C.9F3.9S#.9_S/
 #/

S/
9C/
F3/
S#/
_S/_ #/_
S/_
M9C/_F3/_S#/__V8  &8 
V8 9F8 F68 S&8 _V8S &8S
V8S9F8SF68SS&8S
M_V9F &9F
V9F9F9FF69FS&9F_V:9 &:9
V:99F:9F6:9S&:9_V;
 &;

V;
M9F;
F6;
S&;
_V;_ &;_
V;_9F;_F6;_S&;__YD  )D 
YD 9ID F9D S)D
M_YDS )DS
YDS9IDSF9DSS)DS_YEF )EF
YEF9IEFF9EFS)EF_YF9 )F9
YF9
M9IF9F9F9S)F9_YG
 )G

YG
9IG
F9G
S)G
_YG_ )G_
YG_9IG_F9G_S)G_
M_\P  
P 

P _\PS 
PS

PS_\QF 
QF
\QF

QF_\R9 
R9

R9_\S
 
S

\S
9LS

S
S
M_\S_ 
S_

S___\  /\ 
_\ 9O\ F?\ S/\ __\S /\S
_\S
M9O\SF?\SS/\S__]F /]F
_]F9O]FF?]FS/]F__^9 /^9
_^99O^9F?^9S/^9
M___
 /_

__
9O_
F?_
S/_
____ /__
___9O__F?__S/___P$ P$ P$
M P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$
M P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$
M P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ PC_  $('$BPH,&#!

MHL16%C-JW
BQHT.%($.*Q%:Q9
.*#%&2/+E2I4J)%5VM3


M:EZE@QJW6MHX$=?%:ULQOKJV





F11I*H-%V4$E:K:O]&WDD51FCE

S%2N42= N6U.S#C$+:FBM17LM
MLA%J!Q%CMOX*[$[DEFONN3BA2ZZX=C6DUD0JO5OMM#^UU9!8#=6+S6N=V9ON

MP!V7Z_%#RA8\;4
9'[7QRQIAYI!E
 ]%YG43M6R4M
3:&]-IR!X\K7.FR80O



\D



839E
M( !113
T\V!6_PI%F&K1J7H]# S+

4Z425





A
MW1O0810'1#QID)&:]N!',HW4,GG@=Z!)$/MR.6NN53]P)-:\32-OT(JBT.



+XH)
MU=#J(N0Z^7SGAWAVG045:-$Z(]:&P4ZA.$EG1 6J3JEI6E=+(NNF%YJWAM2'

M6J$


M*+9

4;$G-!_!U&=V8-5A
MK]+5%0+*'%N.-=RK6@P7[=HDY0?'[QTM3J.:=9&S[9MV-VWSB%-.).HLRE


HD]Y!U\XV!R$PFK6$5 'TA\.%2CW BE+0C.?PFKGY1E0
M(Q;3
46]LE.#=V_S1%\7YR$4U'$F 2?%53NBXE3'45
T2%7!H7&@$4&K55CJ

Z

4_NJA1

M/T9VLV=

9PE_=B[Z)G'#-Y]QA]89:.







M.7JQ4W+2/13T&Q0G(_UF/#H0L*V'0E'/+D$FO-4;,\37Z5FKDB*XS5%XR5
M'[URA201&5W# @&   =AFXN)#=&E.'F!0K^9'!=G1KNQ/ 6R-1#$86[E/8+X

M$ 2L9@LD#3JEU'^#K[MBP]TG9CUWE&
J&5#KM]I/-M9XQ]92=L9Z0X3RN
M  .F:(JNJ*

.1 \FJ9.ZI@\&@ K

begin 644 image_145.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-
M#AT5%A$8(Q\E)(?(B$F*S<O)BDT*2$B
$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!# 0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[

$RQ;&X]!FK L+4 @1GGK\Y_QJN+(3WLTD\;%5D5XLO\ *2!@''UJE(M_
M!#*WD,IW1E%$@PV<CZ59EZHTQIUH.B$?1S_ (U7O!IFGJCW.]59@H.YR!GU

M=P3TV+)TVQP28@!Z[C_C44EO8(Z0%7).
*K-P/4\TZ^27RX3M\U%R)%SC=D8



CMKY






UW*9S('0D8W#:03D?I1;S!699^PP^LO\ W];_ !I/






PLBJ++:IVW$P;L



M0GZ#%)Y%V7_X^\+CH%YJY24KL=BL()P/^/IR?=13C%/@8N#GW JQ11=A8JK%


M

0WN[FX7;
4[#_ZU.$%SCYKHY]E%6J*+A8__]D!
end








begin 644 image_146.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#U5O);32L\
MAVDL 2^3DX&:L6C.TB228.RJ 6SUK US_D!Q?]=S_

$F:/_V0$!
end








begin 644 image_147.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#U&XFN!.GS
MH


KCIZ4^2




&8^A[4DNDV

MGK15X6%NHPL8 ^7_ 

LV.2P/3\JGGDN'^TJ&E5T1B
#CU%%%
&

end








begin 644 image_148.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#V6EHHH **
M2D)Q0!5U^%E JF2:0[8HQU9JSY].DAC2^FGDENU=3D-A1D\J!Z4_32=1U&
M;4'SY41
-N.V.[?C5Z^R8XT'5I5'ZU6SL1OJ6J0!D\BJEP?M$XM5/R ;IO



MYAZ



5UK-ZIC
HR
M%/5(QT'U[UJ03+/!'

M[9A%:&*- 





MOIH5A&QP)6ZX^M6[76=*M#/-;RRS75P^1:8^96[C';FM+:6


MM?\ F&VD$@B;8S#IFN1N=
GM[^]G=FBT^SM54+G'GD#O[9K*TWQ2-)2&%%
4



]1^'6DOM7L;:!)'EC+.F^('^


M='G_ 'A4L%H345%Y\/\ SV3_ +Z% GB/25/^^A2LQW1+147VB'IYJ?\ ?0IW

P R0'//ZU4FT^\
MGAN;0K$L5Q
6+[LD*2.


M'D

M3Z_A39--N(Y)&M8XU7;&50G 8KG(/Y]:232[HWT%Q&D:I%&%:+=\K'))X]NQ
MI?

2-4%M'$BJ
 G&
]J?J-F]T /)20

;TMHRX4

M(=+1658[=0G4  8I-.L)K


+HDFFQB5WVQ@8


M4264C7XO)W4ND9C15Z $Y)JYBI;*BM HHHJPHHHI@%%%% !1BBBD 8I:**8
G!2444 5HU!OYW/4!5'TJS110Q(*6BB@8E%%% T444 %%%% '__9
end








begin 644 image_149.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#NVUZ_%P\8
M=-H)Q\E/CUN^95)D7G_9%%%:6

MFV/6_NFB9C

'


M20UK $?\?-Q^$E)_9Z@8^TW//_32BB@B20HTY?\ GXN?^_E']FI_S\W/_?TT


M&!'@'WHHHNQV%^QV^

&('\
M3111=@(=/M3C


WEGYAR-QQ111=CL*-.M0P/E]#D#/%(
M=
M6!!C.#_M&BBE=A8/[
]
M+]DM_P#GDI_BBE=CL-^Q6O'[A..G%*+2W7I@_BBB[R%^S0?\\E_*BBBB
%[%8__]D!
end








begin 644 image_009.gif


M P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$
M P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$

6#F(.33#[3%=_!@5L'0 @
M1(#!5K$'_S 1H*IWJU6MGD\4^K#JARJ-1\1269#]A#ZQ(&_8*KE/S0IYD8@7





$Z \!O

/;:F






M4(LS?3@@\
:RCLZTM[V9^$9XJC+*]CZD-%

MLSU:Z
=;$8Q2IJXDO)(PT'-F0PZI0 6B[1%E.-)A$W[Z1)T)0NE8)%316J D

Y$3S

M4'E!$$SBSUCP4C2O# UGA\R(!-^HLF5:VI^VE30_C4SH%GRDIW!U$@*B0V2
M@6UE/ M9PE6


(CT



.J^3$D.'3K
M#*#H




M

:W

-5KA/,E%6#7<9R]8?4QK)JJZ&4NHR^3Z6S
M6VYRYSEQ)G:49

C(K;AB
2(

end








begin 644 image_010.gif

2'^&E-O9G1W87)E.B!-:6-R;W-O9G0@3V9F:6-E 'Y
M! $     +    0
 $$ AP          
P  9@  F0  S   _P S   S
P S
M9@ SF0 SS  S_P!F  !F
P!F9@!FF0!FS !F_P9  9
P99@9F09S 9
M_P#
  #

P#
9@#
F0#
S #
_P#_  #_
P#_9@#_F0#_S #__S
  #
 
S
M9C
 F3
 S#
 _S
S #
S
S
S9C
SF3
SS#
S_S-F #-F
S-F9C-FF3-FS#-F
M_S.9 #.9
S.99C.9F3.9S#.9_S/
 #/

S/
9C/
F3/
S#/
_S/_ #/_
S/_
M9C/_F3/_S#/__V8  &8 
V8 9F8 F68 S&8 _V8S &8S
V8S9F8SF68SS&8S
M_V9F &9F
V9F9F9FF69FS&9F_V:9 &:9
V:99F:9F6:9S&:9_V;
 &;

V;
M9F;
F6;
S&;
_V;_ &;_
V;_9F;_F6;_S&;__YD  )D 
YD 9ID F9D S)D
M_YDS )DS
YDS9IDSF9DSS)DS_YEF )EF
YEF9IEFF9EFS)EF_YF9 )F9
YF9
M9IF9F9F9S)F9_YG
 )G

YG
9IG
F9G
S)G
_YG_ )G_
YG_9IG_F9G_S)G_
M_\P  
P 

P _\PS 
PS

PS_\QF 
QF
\QF

QF_\R9 
R9

R9_\S
 
S

\S
9LS

S
S
M_\S_ 
S_

S___\  /\ 
_\ 9O\ F?\ S/\ __\S /\S
_\S
M9O\SF?\SS/\S__]F /]F
_]F9O]FF?]FS/]F__^9 /^9
_^99O^9F?^9S/^9
M___
 /_

__
9O_
F?_
S/_
____ /__
___9O__F?__S/___P$ P$ P$
M P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$

M8$*+$;%=U
BPX+6( ^Q#B2(\6
%4UB^RBQI

MJ56#9I



6.W.&$UX^$[==@:JP!-MR/]&&SHU

@

M7:?(!:*-M



MV ^UW9+:&7&
=


M'MXTYE
B^V!=_W!B_:Q@CYT9]=#@(7)A9H3DG0Y]2*K=W.@F%*K5M5(H
MFX



M/_-*HLP.V:=X

M'VVHV6B&LD



^)'PA;19SP3#1!=
MBDF<_$TLL9*9T2X+E:#]701.$N.*^Y$(Q-Y<(Q]1.9N$?2=O+1&LX'98/PT



0EZ8;D$.%J]9E@F:VZN481+[P3(^K$)5TI9]
L4=
M$&/'(

M9R1-UO%[

MU)^_PU7/:$(;3F%GC1'#D
S4PZ=0J6JZ@!S
HWQS7I#TZ
PU(N00&;4ISFCR

YWO:M937W[^]\ #[C  0[3F?1[X A/
MN

A'3O*!SS$ )4Q/


$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!# 0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[


$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!# 0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[


M^^W^-
.E663^Y/7^^W^-%%602C3[94X1AP.DC?XT\64 ?.UO^_C?XT45-V61


M2N W_?9_QI6MX_*(PV




end








begin 644 image_152.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

@S4+6@FU.!GC(6U7*N?XB:M7-HMT4W
1LS

]O
M(DS8@B



$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!# 0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TVUNO+#1

end








begin 644 image_154.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4


1N;9Y+ @\\AA1115-D\S/_]D!
end








begin 644 image_155.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-

 !0# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#T^V4W.GS7



'844KE)G_V0$!
end








begin 644 image_156.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#T/46-IJD7

AON'^\1WYXJZUA'J(6:9Y-
MC@%H@WRFI?[
M_/

8

MN5S'
[;_ 

MF/:7


$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!# 0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[




$LX;G+$CDGFM?1

end








begin 644 image_158.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-

  \# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#T^TNQ;:;-

$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!# 0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#TS3HEUSG
MGG=O
DDD4L&(


T2)K
S^7^Z3Y[QK;KZ9P?TJ





end








begin 644 image_160.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#TMM2E?[4K
MX

'U:U(3NC_V0$!
end








begin 644 image_161.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  
 @, @
# P
$ P
$!0@%!00$
M!0H'!P8(# H
# L*PL-#A(0#0X1#@L+$!80$1,4%145# \7&!84&!(4%13_
MVP!# 0,$! 4$!0D%!0D4#0L-%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04
M%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!3_P  1  !  $# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#] **** /_
!V0$!
end








begin 644 image_162.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  
 @, @
# P
$ P
$!0@%!00$
M!0H'!P8(# H
# L*PL-#A(0#0X1#@L+$!80$1,4%145# \7&!84&!(4%13_
MVP!# 0,$! 4$!0D%!0D4#0L-%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04
M%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!04%!3_P  1  !  $# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#] Z*** /_
!V0$!
end








begin 644 image_011.gif
M1TE&.#EA

2'^&E-O9G1W87)E.B!-:6-R;W-O9G0@3V9F:6-E 'Y
M! $     +    0 R @( @         (_!(*IR^T/HYRTVHNSWKS[#X;B2)9F
L:1C!P:YN[]R3
]VC=]ZSN]^#_P)@\2AL8@\*I/
I;
)?4JCU*F5!B@  #L!
end








begin 644 image_163.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4


O7K6ED9*3(-/O[H6@MK;RVGQ))ESP<.
M1CZ58FU.^0SNOD!('C7;R=VX#//XTP^'084B-PA567]P
C/7G-#Z/
_FAKQ
M2)&#




X$ Y

end








begin 644 image_164.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#OX1]BU2!+

=]%^\=V:WO(B66?@\
/7'\JDL45M54

begin 644 image_165.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-
M#AT5%A$8(Q\E)(?(B$F*S<O)BDT*2$B
$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!# 0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[

;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!  (1 Q$ /P#T*!1:ZAM

$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!# 0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[


M 2.N


0WCC(95&?+ S@44KHM)G_V0$!
end








begin 644 image_167.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#T&T817B6E

MB)2J;F)V@CG%%I:PF1B5)
491

..)(\[%QNQG\J*.8I(_]D!
end








begin 644 image_012.gif

M! $     + $  0#F 0$ @         (4C(^IR^T/HYRTVHNSWKS[#X9B5@
!.P$!
end








begin 644 image_168.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4



MJ#T!]J=:HK:@ZE00@)4$=#[5J8D

begin 644 image_169.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-
M#AT5%A$8(Q\E)(?(B$F*S<O)BDT*2$B
$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!# 0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[


$$Q-#D[/CX^)2Y$24

MVP!# 0H+PX-#AP0$!P[*(H.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[.SL[


DL$I5=@^4J3@^XJ3^T[B/^SW8
M
(9E0
R*

M(G@'RJOI@]\4[(!+_P 2W*6]Q:7=I]DNDV



7C496.)=RQK@+GUQ114H;1=HHHI%'_]D!
end








begin 644 image_171.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  H'!P@'!@H( @+@H+#A@0#@T-

$# 2(  A$! Q$!_\0

M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#V:DI::PR


M_*GZF[W4\6F1$@2C=
P_A0?X]*JVI'-H6[&[6]@


M?&'3));52T@7Y5]/_U4[,5T:&:,US.FO)=QJLTD]G;#)9/F2D]68]OI4]R

Q_I7/:#8Q3ZE_:FHF:2:
 *9E.6?NV.P':M75;V6SDGO[



C+L/S8'
M_

M33]^G#)-J
YZ_9S_ (4K:G96\9E97C0=6
9 %5Z(E6[E\    8Q2YK G\9Z0



GA
M0!V[G)JHP?44IJVAT]M%'INFJCL%2)




M'JK#(JGI.JPZM;&6
%61MLB'G:WI5_BD[H:LR
B.,GHB#GL *Y[3M+BUJ2


MNQQ5D%%
DFBB!:214 &3N.*S)?$^E1/L6X
K]EB4MFA)O8;:1KT5G?VO'_S[


E4Y4_*V


?SI7[!;N8?AS388+S5)%C4#[3MC
MROW0!THO]6OIM9DTK2_+B:WA\V661=P]E]JOV*SV\ET6M7 EF+@[AR
5C7FC
M:M+JMR]N_D6=YM\_&/


SC:SQAB/3(K/


^M*




M! $     + (   #A :$ AP          
P  9@  F0  S   _P S   S
P S
M9@ SF0 SS  S_P!F  !F
P!F9@!FF0!FS !F_P9  9
P99@9F09S 9
M_P#
  #

P#
9@#
F0#
S #
_P#_  #_
P#_9@#_F0#_S #__S
  #
 
S
M9C
 F3
 S#
 _S
S #
S
S
S9C
SF3
SS#
S_S-F #-F
S-F9C-FF3-FS#-F
M_S.9 #.9
S.99C.9F3.9S#.9_S/
 #/

S/
9C/
F3/
S#/
_S/_ #/_
S/_
M9C/_F3/_S#/__V8  &8 
V8 9F8 F68 S&8 _V8S &8S
V8S9F8SF68SS&8S
M_V9F &9F
V9F9F9FF69FS&9F_V:9 &:9
V:99F:9F6:9S&:9_V;
 &;

V;
M9F;
F6;
S&;
_V;_ &;_
V;_9F;_F6;_S&;__YD  )D 
YD 9ID F9D S)D
M_YDS )DS
YDS9IDSF9DSS)DS_YEF )EF
YEF9IEFF9EFS)EF_YF9 )F9
YF9
M9IF9F9F9S)F9_YG
 )G

YG
9IG
F9G
S)G
_YG_ )G_
YG_9IG_F9G_S)G_
M_\P  
P 

P _\PS 
PS

PS_\QF 
QF
\QF

QF_\R9 
R9

R9_\S
 
S

\S
9LS

S
S
M_\S_ 
S_

S___\  /\ 
_\ 9O\ F?\ S/\ __\S /\S
_\S
M9O\SF?\SS/\S__]F /]F
_]F9O]FF?]FS/]F__^9 /^9
_^99O^9F?^9S/^9
M___
 /_

__
9O_
F?_
S/_
____ /__
___9O__F?__S/___P$ P$ P$
M P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$
M P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$
M P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ P$ PC_  $('$BP( !L!
J7

MX:R(*1WN=$AK)


K7\Z\.59:81=6[LJ[L
SI:)%'=LZ]



9M7




K0W8]-?C236^#58A#K+[+3@





8@^=W'83X2FW^Z
1F+6ND:%;<\]2)WQ6<LEXM1EV8
L(9#(JF.73=KVGV\0
6JC05X[!J$DYAV
M



P_UDV0T/0.^

3U'H@_^PT]R&

J$8Y0BS*&)(A

MJUCM5!%+
B0^#YE);?3B+I4^9)]3NR!5$EG5BD!)IA.)2DTQ&KFQ^K4KLVG)

YSU3C1'14@T




M.K@]79IFBN




#4
=KWVZX@KIUO6+O) TD;!.SC1QUTR@IC.@]:M.IB
+
MU'B(T

2]C_N8V$ =!B5:F#9C@<%^R




%]78-VE40A1C-*KO
Z27-6BT056M086'-6
MJ=K5B@INCAQZIAI4P)C1)48,G*+Y0=C*3%_:30XM-$D@K!O!4YN'=6F 41

P2S7931%4:9E\]%?M@5;F=F3EEQ73?G. ;#36[6&1_4AS+$+SC#


QUD8X3_5D6\=8L\IV]-*!TM
MJ2WDI7R[L682AY?+*5;'F)#M-#;EMD:\ Q2*%5HO4B= )4;IT1D( Y
M 27%

MR!#4)5I0^5G8H)SS^5H/ FB



N%Y0J9=F4


N#[;4W\R4?]'4:L\J1




+6UQXVTHYCXAX]UX$+VY': T;E%C6M
R1AZH1A<(565K(
MY&B6;;+._$@[-1A\A%S@5-:(5

=4(DIG$%%N._G&(V^B
II?$NV%6&4&-(D=2BO8O+%P@X
M.8P=C?DOYD

]:
WU5EW)S
Y
M6.5U!$-;!XPU9.-( D/(;X&]\MP=5;EZ$FMNCT@D19R$X(/
$N)=@


B
5+0]D:@ Z
M.T/:78T4

QA

J.*6H+_.4
[B$6;AE
1#')Y&K3VH2'SBS
M.U(VP

M


S]45RK



J.$M +:I(AH0F)#V?0_2X_XD-*+^4@F)3*B@(F(12-
M.+F98&.+(

M.SE[JMPP_K.!W&2YPYE '80J3O)IN88U\41K)HU&L6=JD +
\9GJX@+!;A%'
MV&'BL\Z2TW%FC*/0W


WAYQ'W3@3C7G?2




0OMSTV78C&7%*LSR)&/]BJ
 S;F



MS3D&C\H*&]:BP0\RV#84Z3N


:Q(OJ;*NP-4&./!+'G69DLLGI4#R1Q-%LNN\T+Z[[
MT4F4#.+H2A;_BY'*X3(2D# N^YOPP):PP8)%\.;JB








8G=02FB8S(1R4N
0!LH042


6
M

%C2#&M
M]FE(ZVIL1?)5/P8P 'L4P$)O&P !) *WM



WOS%WH2'49?%+%!CN9(
M)?W&+RBBTBS-*-9I A7.)D&7OATGJP:QELJ&M
]0=





M)U9\V#[_JML+

%9\DGYG5@C+XGWBYY(QL
MGSWMMY?ZU;

B:I<F3UR(6_XLM &27<Y)
MRW
B?+K VC

M&DH)F3@^E]&[J5HPY$

M\1LG^.

M$)/ ()2B(:

M%PT$CL:00IDX#%?TBYX9/\JB:0RQ5T,BM0K$).LSFS$QG!#=WADK;:1#F[
Z
M^PR*6191N9.%,,2DNP*0^ KM$BS$ )ZGB(X9:*L&ZX_^$A#=V,&Z.!ZTP$0'
M,TC)@Y*P,K.NPZ59M),C(IT8N9+^2#IU1(B0)*9RRO2V E=M!?_T!UF/ F]
C=:'
JA1AB.DID$IG^^(D
MP*/#Z*S%H,)6$ 64#^VE

MF4LS+



ML6J%UTP$J?3(V?R4.Y0.


M!GU.%
$MMZC1
^
M5P@N 3HV$Q@@Z/ CPKPMG^2YYJI&F*LSDRLZZ3-!/7/2
M DJ@E
.S(.FO;90YDWLYF7LU3!N$*AW(VKC2DHLU:]O25\LK9N
G_P!C-!:5

C-F5[Q? YKB



MR\/Q.

L)VNS&DC9V;91+Y



#BI$+5;$1H(GA:13^U(!!I0+
5XHV]Z9;FBD@0E





U<Q3-7:98I-DH


Y5QD5YN'8

end









     








SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002

Annual Report on Form 10-K of Greenway Technologies
 Inc. for the fiscal year ending December 31
 2017
 I
 D. Patrick Six
 Chief
Executive Officer of Greenway Technologies
 Inc.
 hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 to the best of my knowledge and belief
 that:

Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31
 2018
 fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31
 2018
 fairly presents
 in all
material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of Greenway Technologies
 Inc.

 2018.


 Chief Executive
Officer












     






AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

 D. Patrick Six
 certify that:

have reviewed this Form 10-K of Greenway Technologies
 Inc.;

on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report;

on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods present in
this report;

registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and

in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and

registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):

significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and

fraud
 whether or not material
 that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.

 2018.


 Chief Executive Officer












     






AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002

 D. Patrick Six
 certify that:

have reviewed this Form 10-K of Greenway Technologies
 Inc.;

on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
 not misleading with respect to
the period covered by this report;

on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
 the periods present in
this report;

registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
Act Rules 13-a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by
others within those entities
 particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision
 to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

the effectiveness of the registrant&rsquo;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
 as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and

in this report any change in the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&rsquo;s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&rsquo;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
or is reasonably likely to materially affect
 the registrant&rsquo;s internal control over financial reporting; and

registrant&rsquo;s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting
 to the registrant&rsquo;s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant&rsquo;s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions):

significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which
are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&rsquo;s ability to record
 process
 summarize and report financial information;
and

fraud
 whether or not material
 that involved management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant&rsquo;s
internal control over financial reporting.

 2018.


 Chief Financial Officer













     








SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002

Annual Report on Form 10-K of Greenway Technologies
 Inc. for the fiscal year ending December 31
 2017
 I
 D. Patrick Six
 Chief
Financial Officer of Greenway Technologies
 Inc.
 hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
 as adopted pursuant to Section
906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 to the best of my knowledge and belief
 that:

Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31
 2018
 fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

information contained in such Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December 31
 2018
 fairly presents
 in all
material respects
 the financial condition and results of operations of Greenway Technologies
 Inc.

 2018.


 Chief Financial
Officer







