

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000910406-21-000033
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		134
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20210630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20210826
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20210826
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000910406
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		IRS NUMBER:				223240619
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22818
		FILM NUMBER:		211212427
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1111 MARCUS AVENUE
		CITY:			LAKE SUCCESS
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11042
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5165875000
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1111 MARCUS AVENUE
		CITY:			LAKE SUCCESS
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11042
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HAIN FOOD GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19941219
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KINERET ACQUISITION CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19931021
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	21ST CENTURY FOOD PRODUCTS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930830









g:c31d3a3a-3434-4a98-9a06-0d08f9a7ed5c

Washington
 D.C. 20549
THE HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP
 INC.
Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
Common Stock
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;smaller reporting company
If an emerging growth company
closing price of the registrant&#8217;s common stock
 as quoted by The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC on December&#160;31
 2020
 the last business day of the registrant&#8217;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter

356
228
As of August&#160;19
 2021

479
s outstanding of the registrant&#8217;s Common Stock
Portions of The Hain Celestial Group
THE HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP
Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Directors
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
This Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2021 (the &#8220;Form 10-K&#8221;) contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
 relating to our business and financial outlook
 which are based on our current beliefs
 assumptions
 expectations
 estimates
 forecasts and projections about future events only as of the date of this Form 10-K
Many of our forward-looking statements include discussions of trends and anticipated developments under the &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; and &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221; sections of this Form 10-K.  In some cases
 you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as the use of &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;should
&#8221; &#8220;expects
&#8221; &#8220;plans
&#8221; &#8220;anticipates
&#8221; &#8220;believes
&#8221; &#8220;estimates
&#8221; &#8220;projects
&#8221; &#8220;intends
&#8221; &#8220;predicts
&#8221; &#8220;potential
&#8221; or &#8220;continue&#8221; and similar expressions
 or the negative of those expressions. These forward-looking statements include
 among other things
 our beliefs or expectations relating to our business strategy
 growth strategy
 market price
 brand portfolio and product performance
 the seasonality of our business and our results of operations and financial condition.  These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of our future performance and involve risks
 uncertainties
 estimates and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore
 our actual outcomes and results may differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements. Further
 any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date hereof
 unless it is specifically otherwise stated to be made as of a different date. We undertake no obligation to further update any such statement
 or the risk factors described in Item 1A under the heading &#8220;Risk Factors
&#8221; to reflect new information
The forward-looking statements in this filing do not constitute guarantees or promises of future performance. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences may include
 but are not limited to
 challenges and uncertainty resulting from the impact of competition; challenges and uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic; our ability to manage our supply chain effectively; disruption of operations at our manufacturing facilities; reliance on independent contract manufacturers; changes to consumer preferences; customer concentration; reliance on independent distributors; the availability of organic ingredients; risks associated with our international sales and operations; risks associated with outsourcing arrangements; our ability to execute our cost reduction initiatives and related strategic initiatives; our reliance on independent certification for a number of our products; the reputation of our Company and our brands; our ability to use and protect trademarks; general economic conditions; input cost inflation; the United Kingdom&#8217;s exit from the European Union; cybersecurity incidents; disruptions to information technology systems; the impact of climate change; liabilities
 claims or regulatory change with respect to environmental matters; potential liability if our products cause illness or physical harm; the highly regulated environment in which we operate; pending and future litigation; compliance with data privacy laws; compliance with our credit agreement; the discontinuation of LIBOR; concentration in the ownership of our common stock; our ability to issue preferred stock; the adequacy of our insurance coverage; impairments in the carrying value of goodwill or other intangible assets; and other risks described in Part I
 Item 1A
THE HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP
The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (collectively
 along with its subsidiaries
 the &#8220;Company
&#8221; and herein referred to as &#8220;Hain Celestial
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us&#8221; and &#8220;our&#8221;)
 was founded in 1993 and is headquartered in Lake Success
 New York. The Company&#8217;s mission has continued to evolve since its founding
 with health and wellness being the core tenet. The Company continues to be a leading marketer
 manufacturer and seller of organic and natural
 &#8220;better-for-you&#8221; products by anticipating and exceeding consumer expectations in providing quality
 innovation
 value and convenience. The Company is committed to growing sustainably while continuing to implement environmentally sound business practices and manufacturing processes. Hain Celestial sells its products through specialty and natural food distributors
 supermarkets
 natural food stores
 mass-market and e-commerce retailers
 food service channels and club
The Company manufactures
 markets
 distributes and sells organic and natural products under brand names that are sold as &#8220;better-for-you&#8221; products
. Hain Celestial is a leader in many organic and natural product categories
ny recognized brands in the various market categories it serves
 including
 Clarks
 Cully &amp; Sully
 Earth&#8217;s Best
 Ella&#8217;s Kitchen
 Frank Cooper&#8217;s
 Gale&#8217;s
 Garden of Eatin&#8217;
 Hain Pure Foods
 Hartley&#8217;s
 Health Valley
 Imagine
 Joya
 Lima
 (under license)
 MaraNatha
 Natumi
 New Covent Garden Soup Co.
 Robertson&#8217;s
 (under license)
 Sensible Portions
 Spectrum
 Sun-Pat

 The Greek Gods
 Yorkshire Provender
 Avalon Organics
 JASON
 Live Clean
discontinuing uneconomic investment
 realigning resources to coincide with brand importance
 reducing unproductive stock-keeping units (&#8220;SKUs&#8221;) and brands and reassessing current pricing architecture. As part of this initiative
The Company&#8217;s &#8220;Get Bigger&#8221; brands represent its strongest brands with high margins
 which compete in categories with strong growth potential. The Company has concentrated its investment in marketing
 innovation and other resources to prioritize spending for these brands
 in an effort to reinvigorate profitable topline growth
The Company&#8217;s &#8220;Get Better&#8221; brands are the brands in which the Company is primarily focused on simplification and expansion of profit margin. Some of these brands have historically been low margin
As part of the Company&#8217;s overall strategy
 the Company may seek to dispose of businesses and brands that are less profitable or are otherwise less of a strategic fit within our core portfolio. During fiscal 2019
 tofu
 seitan and tempeh businesses. In fiscal 2020
 the Company divested its Tilda business and its Arrowhead Mills
 SunSpire
 Europe's Best
 Casbah
 
 brands. In fiscal 2021
 business
 its United Kingdom fruit and fruit juice businesses
 Foods Limited business and associated brands
 and its WestSoy
One of the key pillars of the Company&#8217;s strategy seeks to identify areas of operating efficiencies and cost savings to expand profit margins and cash flow. In furtherance of this key pillar
 we have undertaken multiple productivity and transformation initiatives
 including (1) consolidating certain of the Company&#8217;s manufacturing plants
 (2) implementing broader supply chain operational improvements
 (3) integrating the operations of our U.S. and Canadian businesses
 (4) product rationalization initiatives which are aimed at eliminating underperforming SKUs and (5) outsourcing certain functions in our North American business
 including order management
 billing
 accounts receivable and accounts payable
We incur costs as part of these productivity and transformation initiatives with the objective of obtaining longer term operating efficiencies and cost savings. The costs include consulting and severance costs
On August 27
 2019
 the Company and Ebro Foods S.A. (the &#8220;Purchaser&#8221;) entered into
 and consummated the transactions contemplated by
On February 15
 2019
 the Company completed the sale of substantially all of the assets used primarily for the Plainville Farms business
 a component of the Company&#8217;s Hain Pure Protein Corporation (&#8220;HPPC&#8221;) operating segment. On June 28
 2019
 the Company completed the sale of the remainder of HPPC and Empire Kosher which included the FreeBird and Empire Kosher businesses. These dispositions were undertaken to reduce complexity in the Company&#8217;s operations and simplify the Company&#8217;s brand portfolio
 in addition to allowing additional flexibility to focus on opportunities for growth and innovation in the Company&#8217;s more profitable and faster growing core businesses. Collectively
These dispositions represented strategic shifts that had a major impact on the Company&#8217;s operations and financial results and therefore
5
Dispositions
Environmental
We are focused on growing our business sustainably by delivering long-term value for our customers
 suppliers
 stockholders
 employees and the communities where we live and work. As part of our vision to maximize stakeholder value
 we are committed to incorporating environmental
 social and related governance (&#8220;ESG&#8221;) principles into our business strategies and organizational culture. The Healthier Way Framework (Healthier People
 Products
We are making improvements to our ESG reporting to make it easier for our stockholders and other constituents to find details on our ESG commitments and progress
Our prior Sustainability Reports and
 when issued
 the fiscal year 2021 ESG Report
 are not
 and shall not be deemed to be
As of June 30
 2021
 we had approximately 3
087 employees
 with approximately 45% located in North America and approximately 55% located outside of North America. Approximately 63% of our employees in North America and approximately 61% of our employees outside of North America were based in our production facilities. Substantially all of our employees are full-time
Our employees are critical to our success. The following programs
Our Culture and Our Vision
Our culture is shaped by our vision
 mission and values. Our vision is to inspire healthier living for all. To achieve this aspiration
 our mission is to build enduring health and wellness brands that are known and loved by consumers and enrich the lives of employees and all of our stakeholders. We live by our values of teamwork
 integrity and entrepreneurship &#8211; we think and act with a broad company perspective
 we do the right thing
People have always been our greatest asset. They are the very heart of our Company
 and we believe everyone should feel encouraged
Diversity and inclusion drives success
 and we believe that our employees&#8217; diverse backgrounds and experiences are essential to helping us all to continue to thrive internally and deliver innovative products to our customers. We promote fairness by practicing equal opportunity in all decisions about hiring
 compensation
 training
We have established a permanent Diversity &amp; Inclusion (D&amp;I) Council in North America to create and foster a workplace that reflects and contributes to the diverse
 global communities in which we do business. During fiscal 2021
 our D&amp;I Council launched unconscious bias training for all non-production employees to expand our perspectives and foster collective growth. We are also working to build our D&amp;I efforts into recruitment
As of June 30
 2021
 our global workforce was 59% male and 41% female. In the United States
 on an employee self-reported basis
 the racial/ethnic composition of our workforce was approximately 43% White
 35% Hispanic or Latino
 13% Black or African American
Employee safety is always front and center. We invest in the health
 safety
 development and well-being of our employees. In an effort to ensure workplace safety
 we train employees on how to follow our detailed
 written safety standards and procedures
 and the law
 and to watch for and report anything potentially harmful. Our safety key performance indicators are reviewed weekly
As an example of our commitment to health and safety
 from the outset of the COVID-19 pandemic
 our priority continued to be the well-being of our employees and consumers. We continue to consistently meet or exceed government regulations for addressing the health and safety of our employees during the pandemic. During the early part of the pandemic
 we created the Hain Helping Hain Fund to provide assistance to employees globally who experience severe financial hardship due to the pandemic or another catastrophic event. In addition
 we have developed and implemented programs to assist employees with incremental expenses they may be incurring due to childcare
We offer a number of programs that help North American based employees progress in their careers&#8212;including a variety of training resources via LinkedIn Learning
In the United Kingdom
 we have various employee development programs named &#8220;Hain Pathway.&#8221; One program introduces employees to key skills to support management development
 followed by an intermediate level as the learning journey evolves. Another Hain Pathway program supports leadership development for employees who have been identified as leadership candidates. In addition to the Hain Pathway programs
 we offer U.K. employees self-paced online training relating to compliance
 policy
 leadership and management development
 IT
Medical
 Dental
Paid Parental Leave including births
programs and policies in place to encourage open communications with management and Human Resources about employees&#8217; ideas
During fiscal 2021
 we sold our organic
 natural
 and &#8220;better-for-you&#8221; products primarily in the following categories: tea; snacks; personal care; and grocery. We continuously evaluate our existing products for quality
 taste
 brand
 we currently offer more than 100 varieties of herbal
 green
 black
 wellness
7% of our consolidated net sales in fiscal 2021
 6% in fiscal 2020
Our snack products include a variety of potato
 root vegetable and other exotic vegetable chips
 straws
 tortilla chips
 whole grain chips
 of our consolidated net sales in fiscal 2021
Our personal care products cover a variety of personal care categories including hand
 skin
 hair and oral care
 deodorants
 washes
tions. Personal care products accounted for approximately 10% of our consolidated net sales in each of fiscal 2021
Grocery products include infant formula
 infant
 toddler and kids&#8217; foods
(such as soy
 rice
 oat
 almond and coconut)
 condiments
 cooking and culinary oils
 cereal bars
 canned
 chilled fresh
 aseptic and instant soups
 yogurts
 nut butters
 juices
 hot-eating desserts
 cookies
 refrigerated and frozen plant-based meat-alternative products
 jams
 fruit spreads
 jelly
 honey
 natural sweeteners and marmalade products
 of our consolidated net sales in fiscal 2021
Certain of our product lines have seasonal fluctuations in demand. Hot tea
 hot-eating desserts and soup sales are stronger in colder months
 while sales of snack foods
 sunscreen and certain of our personal care products are stronger in the warmer months. As such
 our results of operations and our cash flows for any particular quarter are not indicative of the results we expect for the full year
 and our historical seasonality may not be indicative of future quarterly results of operations. In recent years
For information relating to our cash flows from operations and working capital items
Our organization structure consists of two geographic based reportable segments: North America and International. Our North America reportable segment consists of the United States and Canada as operating segments. The International reportable segment is made of three operating segments: United Kingdom
expenses (which are a component of selling
 general and administrative expenses)
 impairment and acquisition related expenses
 restructuring
The following table presents the Company&#8217;s net sales by reportable segment for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2021
 2020 and 2019 (amounts in thousands
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
1
104
1
171
1
195
866
882
908
1
970
2
053
2
104
Our products are sold throughout the United States. Our customer base consists principally of specialty and natural food distributors
 supermarkets
 natural food stores
 mass-market and e-commerce retailers
 food service channels and club
 drug and convenience stores. Our products are sold through a combination of direct sales people
 brokers and distributors. We believe that our direct sales people combined with brokers and distributors provide an effective means of reaching a broad and diverse customer base. Brokers act as agents for us within designated territories
 usually on a non-exclusive basis
 brand and include more than 100 varieties of herbal
 green
 black
 wellness
 rooibos and chai teas
 with well-known names and products such as Sleepytime
 Lemon Zinger
 Red Zinger
Cinnamon Apple Spice
 Bengal Spice
 varieties of root vegetable chips
 potato chips
 and other exotic vegetable chips
 tortilla chips
 Sensible Portions
Our Personal Care products include hands
 skin
 hair and oral care products
 sun care products and deodorants under the Alba Botanica
 Avalon Organics
 JASON
Our Grocery products include Yogurt
Baby Food products include infant and toddler formula
 infant cereals
 jarred baby food
 baby food pouches
 culinary oils
 vinegars and condiments
 nutritional oils and supplements
 nut butters
 broths
 soups and gravies
 condiments
 cereal bars and soups
Our products are sold throughout Canada. Our customer base consists principally of grocery supermarkets
 mass merchandisers
 club stores
 natural food distributors
 personal care distributors
 drug store chains and food service distributors. Our products are sold through our own retail direct sales force. We also utilize third-party brokers who receive commissions and sell to food service and retail customers. We utilize a third-party merchandising team for retail execution. As in the United States
 refrigerated and frozen meat-alternative products
 vegetables and lentils
 infant formula
 nut butters
 cooking and culinary oils
 aseptic soups
 teas
 snack products. Our personal care products include skin
 hair and oral care products
 sun care products and deodorants under the Alba Botanica
 Avalon Organics
 JASON
In the United Kingdom
 our products include soups
 plant-based and meat-free products
 as well as ambient products such as jams
 fruit spreads
 jellies
 honey
 marmalades
 nut butters
 sweeteners
chilled soups
 hot-eating desserts
 (under license) chilled and frozen plant-based meals
 chilled soups and ready meals
 jams
 fruit spreads and jellies
nut butters
 honey
 Clarks&#8482; natural sweeteners and Robertson&#8217;s
 (under license) marmalades. We also provide a comprehensive range of private label products to many retailers
 convenience stores and food service providers in the following categories: fresh soup
 chilled desserts
Our products are principally sold throughout the United Kingdom and Ireland
 but are also sold in other parts of the world as well. Our customer base consists principally of retailers
 convenience stores
 food service providers
 business to business
 natural food and ethnic specialty distributors
Our products sold by the Europe operating segment include
 among others
 products sold under the Joya
 brand includes a wide range of organic products such as soy sauce
 plant-based beverages and grain cakes
 as well as grains
 pasta
 cereals
 miso
 snacks
 sweeteners
 spreads
 brand includes plant-based beverages
 including rice
 soy
 brand includes soy
 oat
 rice and nut-based drinks as well as plant-based yogurts
 desserts
 jams
 fruit spreads and jellies
varieties of root vegetable and potato chips
teas
 (under license) chilled and frozen plant-based meals
Our products are sold in grocery stores and organic food stores throughout Europe
Two of our customers each accounted for at least 10% of our consolidated sales in certain of the last three fiscal years
 respectively. United Natural Foods
 Inc.
 a distributor of products to natural foods supermarkets
 independent natural retailers and other supermarkets and retailers
 accounted for approximately 8%
 9% and 10% of our consolidated sales for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2021
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 which were primarily related to the United States operating segment. Walmart Inc. and its affiliates together accounted for approximately 11%
years ended June&#160;30
 2021
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 which were primarily related to the United States
52%
fiscal 2021
 2020 and 2019
We aim to meet the consumer at multiple points in their journey
 both pre-shop and during purchase
 both in-store and online. We use a combination of trade and consumer advertising and promotion. Trade advertising and promotion includes placement fees
 cooperative advertising
Consumer advertising and promotion is used to build brand awareness and equity
 drive trial to bring in new consumers and increase consumption. Paid social and digital advertising and public relations programs are the main drivers of brand awareness. Trial and conversion tactics include
 but are not limited to
 product search on Google and e-commerce sites
 digital coupons
 product sampling
 direct mail and e-consumer relationship programs. Additionally
 brand specific websites and social media pages are used to engage consumers with lifestyle
We also utilize partnerships to help create awareness and advocacy. We partner with various influencers to help increase brand reach and relevance. For example
 in the United States
 brand has an agreement with PBS Kids and Sesame Workshop
 has a full year partnership with USA Olympic and World Tour Surfer
 Caroline Marks. In addition
 several of our brands are proud supporters of Folds of Honor
Innovation
 including new product development
 is a key component of our growth strategy. We continuously seek to understand our consumers and develop products that address their desire for organic
 natural and better-for-you alternatives to conventional packaged foods and personal care products. We have a demonstrated track record of extending our product offerings into other product categories. A team of professional product developers
 including microbiologists
 nutritionists
 food scientists
 chefs and chemists
 work to develop products to meet changing consumer needs. Our research and development staff incorporates product ideas from all areas of our business in order to formulate new products. In addition to developing new products
 the research and development staff routinely reformulates and improves existing products based on advances in ingredients
 packaging and technology. In addition to our Company-sponsored research and development activities
 in order to quickly and economically introduce our new products to market
During fiscal 2021
 2020 and 2019
 approximately 
 59% and 58%
 respectively
Boulder
 Colorado
Mountville
 Pennsylvania
Bell
 California
 which produces Alba Botanica
 Avalon Organics
Trenton
 Ontario
Vancouver
 British Columbia
Mississauga
 Ontario
Histon
 England
 which produces our ambient grocery products including Hartley&#8217;s
 Frank Cooper&#8217;s
 Robertson&#8217;s
Grimsby
 England
Clitheroe
 England
Fakenham
 England
Troisdorf
 Germany
 which produces Natumi
 Lima
Oberwart
 Austria
 plant-based foods and beverages
 creamers
Schwerin
 Germany
In addition to the products manufactured in our own facilities
 independent third-party contract manufacturers
 who are referred to in our industry as co-manufacturers or co-packers
 manufacture many of our products. In general
 utilizing co-packers provides us with the flexibility to produce a large variety of products and the ability to enter new categories quickly and economically. Our contract manufacturers have been selected based on their production capabilities
 capitalization and their specific product category expertise
 and we expect to continue to partner with them to improve and expand our product offerings.&#160;During fiscal 2021
 2020 and 2019
 approximately 
 41% and 42%
 respectively
applicable regulations and our quality and food safety program requirements
 and compliance is verified through auditing and other activities. Additionally
Agricultural commodities and ingredients
 including almonds
 corn
 dairy
 fruit and vegetables
 oils
 rice
 grains and soybeans
 are the principal inputs used in our food products. Plant-based surfactants
Our certified organic and natural raw materials as well as our packaging materials are obtained from various suppliers around the world. The Company works with its suppliers to ensure the quality and safety of their ingredients and that such ingredients meet our specifications and comply with applicable regulations. These assurances are supported by our purchasing contracts
 supplier expectations manual
 supplier code of conduct
 and technical assessments
 including questionnaires
 scientific data
 certifications
 affidavits
 certificates of analysis and analytical testing
 where required. Our purchasers and quality team visit major suppliers around the world to procure competitively priced
We maintain long-term relationships with many of our suppliers. Purchase arrangements with ingredient suppliers are generally made annually. Purchases are made through purchase orders or contracts
 and price
Agricultural commodities and ingredients are subject to price volatility which can be caused by a variety of factors. Our input costs began to increase significantly beginning in the latter part of fiscal 2021
We operate in a highly competitive environment. Our products compete with both large mainstream conventional packaged goods companies and natural and organic packaged foods companies. Many of these competitors enjoy significantly greater resources. Large mainstream conventional packaged goods competitors include Campbell Soup Company
 Conagra Brands
 Inc.
 Danone S.A.
 General Mills
 Inc.
 The Hershey Company
 The J.M. Smucker Company
 Kellogg Company
 Mondelez International
 Inc.
 Nestle S.A.
 PepsiCo
 Inc. and Unilever
 and conventional personal care products companies with whom we compete include
 but are not limited to
 The Clorox Company
 Colgate-Palmolive Company
 Johnson &amp; Johnson
&amp; Gamble Company and S. C. Johnson &amp; Son
 Inc. Certain of these large mainstream conventional packaged foods and personal care companies compete with us by selling both conventional products and natural and/or organic products. Natural and organic packaged foods competitors include Amy&#8217;s Kitchen
 Chobani LLC and Yogi Products. In addition to these competitors
 in each of our categories we compete with many regional and small
 local niche brands. Given limited retailer shelf space and merchandising events
 competitors actively support their respective brands with marketing
 advertising and promotional spending. In addition
 most retailers market similar items under their own private label
Competitive factors in the packaged foods industry include product quality and taste
 brand awareness and loyalty
 product variety
 interesting or unique product names
 product packaging and package design
 shelf space
 reputation
 price
 advertising
We believe that brand awareness is a significant component in a consumer&#8217;s decision to purchase one product over another in highly competitive consumer products industries. We generally register our trademarks and brand names in the United States
 Canada
 the European Union
 and the United Kingdom and/or other foreign countries depending on the area of distribution of the applicable products
 and we intend to keep these filings current and seek protection for new trademarks to the extent consistent with business needs. We also copyright certain of our artwork and package designs. We own registered trademarks for our principal products
 including Alba Botanica
 Avalon Organics
 Celestial Seasonings
 Cully &amp; Sully
 Earth&#8217;s Best
 Ella&#8217;s Kitchen
 Frank Cooper&#8217;s
 Gale&#8217;s
 Garden of Eatin&#8217;
 Hain Pure Foods
 Hartley&#8217;s
 Health Valley
 JASON
 Joya
 Lima
 Live Clean
 MaraNatha
 Natumi
 New Covent Garden Soup Co.
 Queen Helene
 Robertson&#8217;s
 Sensible Portions
 Spectrum
 Sun-Pat
 Terra
 The Greek Gods
. We also have registered trademarks for many of our best-selling Celestial Seasonings teas
 including Country Peach Passion
 Lemon Zinger
 Mandarin Orange Spice
 Raspberry Zinger
 Red Zinger
 Sleepytime
We also market products under brands licensed under trademark license agreements
 including Linda McCartney&#8217;s
 Rose&#8217;s
 products
We are subject to extensive regulations in the United States by federal
 state and local government authorities. In the United States
 the federal agencies governing the manufacture
 marketing and distribution of our products include
 among others
 the Federal Trade Commission (&#8220;FTC&#8221;)
 the United States Food &amp; Drug Administration (&#8220;FDA&#8221;)
 the United States Department of Agriculture (&#8220;USDA&#8221;)
 the United States Environmental Protection Agency (&#8220;EPA&#8221;) and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (&#8220;OSHA&#8221;). Under various statutes
 these agencies prescribe and establish
 among other things
 the requirements and standards for quality
Internationally
 we are subject to the laws and regulatory authorities of the foreign jurisdictions in which we manufacture and sell our products
 including the Food Standards Agency in the United Kingdom
 the Canadian Food Inspection Agency in Canada and the European Food Safety Authority which supports the European Commission
 as well as individual country
 province
We utilize a comprehensive food safety and quality management program
 which employs strict manufacturing procedures
 expert technical knowledge on food safety science
 employee training
 ongoing process innovation
In the United States
 each of our own food manufacturing facilities has a Food Safety Plan (&#8220;FSP&#8221;)
 which focuses on preventing food safety risks and is compliant with the requirements set forth under the Food Safety and Modernization Act (&#8220;FSMA&#8221;). In addition
Consortium (&#8220;BRC&#8221;). These standards are integrated food safety and quality management protocols designed specifically for the food sector and offer a comprehensive methodology to manage food safety and quality. Certification provides an independent and external validation that a product
In addition to third-party inspections of our co-packers
 we have instituted audits to address topics such as allergen control; ingredient
 packaging and product specifications; and sanitation. Under FSMA
 each of our contract manufacturers is required to have a FSP
 a Hazard Analysis Critical Control Plant (&#8220;HACCP&#8221;) plan or a hazard analysis critical control points plan that identifies critical pathways for contaminants and mandates control measures that must be used to prevent
In the United States
 our organic products are certified in accordance with the USDA&#8217;s National Organic Program through Quality Assurance International (&#8220;QAI&#8221;)
 a third-party certifying agency. For products marketed as organic outside of the United States
 we use accredited certifying agencies to ensure compliance with country-specific government regulations for selling organic products or reciprocity
We also work with other non-governmental organizations such as NSF International
 which developed the NSF/ANSI 305 Standard for Personal Care Products Containing Organic Ingredients and provides third-party certification through QAI for our personal care products. In addition
 we work with other nongovernmental organizations such as the Gluten Free Intolerance Group
 Fair Trade USA
 Environmental Working Group
 The Skin Cancer Foundation
 Leaping Bunny
Currently all of our Hain-owned food facilities are GFSI compliant and audited by external certification bodies.&#160;When including our co-manufacturers&#8217; facilities
The following information can be found
 free of charge
our annual report on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K
our policies related to corporate governance
 including our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (&#8220;Code of Ethics&#8221;) applying to our directors
the charters of the Audit
 Compensation
 Corporate Governance and Nominating
If the Company ever were to amend or waive any provision of its Code of Ethics that applies to the Company&#8217;s principal executive officer
 principal financial officer
 principal accounting officer or any person performing similar functions
 the Company intends to satisfy its disclosure obligations
 if any
. In addition
Our business
 operations and financial condition are subject to various risks and uncertainties. The most significant of these risks include those described below; however
 there may be additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial. If any of the following risks and uncertainties develop into actual events
 our business
financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In such case
 the trading price of our common stock could decline
Risks Related to Our Business
We operate in highly competitive geographic and product markets. Numerous brands and products compete for limited retailer shelf space
 where competition is based on product quality
 brand recognition
 brand loyalty
 price
 product innovation
 promotional activity
 availability and taste among other things. Retailers also market competitive products under their own private labels
Some of our markets are dominated by multinational corporations with greater resources and more substantial operations than us. We may not be able to successfully compete for sales to distributors or retailers that purchase from larger competitors that have greater financial
 managerial
 sales and technical resources. Conventional food companies
 including but not limited to Campbell Soup Company
 Conagra Brands
 Inc.
 Danone S. A.
 General Mills
 Inc.
 The Hershey Company
 The J.M. Smucker Company
 Kellogg Company
 Mondelez International
 Inc.
 Nestle S.A.
 PepsiCo
 Inc. and Unilever
 and conventional personal care products companies
 including but not limited to The Clorox Company
 Colgate-Palmolive Company
 Johnson &amp; Johnson
 The Procter &amp; Gamble Company and S. C. Johnson &amp; Son
 Inc.
 may be able to use their resources and scale to respond to competitive pressures and changes in consumer preferences by introducing new products or reformulating their existing products
 reducing prices or increasing promotional activities. We also compete with other organic and natural packaged food brands and companies
 which may be more innovative and able to bring new products to market faster and may be better able to quickly exploit and serve niche markets. As a result of this competition
 retailers may take actions that negatively affect us. Consequently
 we may need to increase our marketing
 advertising and promotional spending to protect our existing market share
The COVID-19 pandemic creates near-term and longer-term challenges and uncertainty
Although the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a net increase in overall demand for our products
 the pandemic continues to create challenging and unprecedented conditions. Effective vaccines for COVID-19 have not yet allowed a return to normal economic activity and business operations
 and the presence of new variants and increasing case figures in many countries create additional uncertainty about the duration and extent of the impact from the pandemic. The pandemic and the measures being taken by governments
manufacturing and supply chain challenges resulting from health and safety precautions among our employees and the general population as well as macroeconomic factors resulting from the pandemic
In addition to the potential effects of the COVID-19 pandemic described above
 the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic could exacerbate conditions in our other risk factors noted in this Item 1A
 &#8220;Risk Factors.&#8221; If we are unable to successfully manage our business through the challenges and uncertainty created by the COVID-19 pandemic
 some of which is not within our control
If we do not manage our supply chain effectively or if there are disruptions in our supply chain
The success of our business depends
 in part
 on maintaining a strong sourcing and manufacturing platform and efficient distribution channels. The inability of any supplier of raw materials
 independent contract manufacturer or third-party distributor to deliver or perform for us in a timely or cost-effective manner could cause our operating costs to increase and our profit margins to decrease
We must also manage our third-party distribution
 warehouse and transportation providers to ensure they are able to support the efficient distribution of our products to retailers. A disruption in transportation services could result in an inability to supply materials to our or our co-manufacturers&#8217; facilities or finished products to our distribution centers or customers. Activity at third-party distribution centers could be disrupted by a number of factors
 including labor issues
 failure to meet customer standards
 natural disasters or financial issues affecting the third-party providers. In particular
 the COVID-19 pandemic and recent labor market shortages impacting our industry have created operating challenges in making our products available to customers and consumers
If we are unable to manage our supply chain efficiently and ensure that our products are available to meet consumer demand and customer orders
For the fiscal years ended June 30
 2021
 2020 and 2019
 approximately 61%
 59% and 58%
 respectively
 of our sales were derived from products manufactured at our own manufacturing facilities. A disruption of or the loss of operations at one or more of these facilities
 which may be caused by disease outbreaks or pandemics
 labor issues
 natural disasters or governmental actions
 could delay or postpone production of our products
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition. The COVID-19 pandemic and recent labor market shortages have impacted
 and may continue to impact
During fiscal 2021
 2020 and 2019
 approximately 39%
 41% and 42%
 respectively
 of our sales were derived from products manufactured at independent contract manufacturers
 or co-manufacturers. In some cases
 an individual co-manufacturer may produce all of our requirements for a particular brand. We believe there are a limited number of competent
 high-quality co-manufacturers in the industry
 and many of our co-manufacturers produce products for other companies as well. Therefore
 if we lose or need to change one or more co-manufacturers or fail to retain co-manufacturers for newly acquired or developed products or brands
 production of our products may be delayed or postponed and/or the availability of some of our products may be reduced or eliminated
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
Our growth and continued success depend upon consumer preferences for our products
Our business is primarily focused on sales of organic
 natural and &#8220;better-for-you&#8221; products which
 if consumer demand for such categories were to decrease
 could harm our business. During an economic downturn
 factors such as increased unemployment
 decreases in disposable income and declines in consumer confidence could cause a decrease in demand for our overall product set
 particularly higher priced better-for-you products. While we continue to diversify our product offerings
 developing new products entails risks
 and demand for our products may not continue at current levels or increase in the future. The success of our innovation and product improvement effort is affected by our ability to anticipate changes in consumers&#8217; preferences
 the level of funding that can be made available
 the technical capability of our research and development staff in developing
 formulating and testing product prototypes
 including complying with governmental regulations
In addition
 we have seen a shift in consumption towards the e-commerce channel during the COVID-19 pandemic and may see a more substantial shift in the future. Some products we sell via the e-commerce channel have lower margins than those sold in traditional brick and mortar retailers and present unique challenges in order fulfillment. If we are unsuccessful in implementing product improvements or introducing new products that satisfy the demands of consumers
In addition
 we have other product categories that are subject to evolving consumer preferences. Consumer demand could change based on a number of possible factors
 including dietary habits and nutritional values
 concerns regarding the health effects of ingredients and shifts in preference for various product attributes. A significant shift in consumer demand away from our products could reduce the sales of our brands or our market share
A significant percentage of our sales is concentrated among a small number of customers
Our growth and continued success depend upon
 among other things
 our ability to maintain and increase sales volumes with existing customers
 our ability to attract new customers
products that appeal to customers at the right price. Customers
 such as supermarkets and food distributors in North America
 the United Kingdom and the European Union
 continue to consolidate. This consolidation has produced larger
 more sophisticated organizations with increased negotiating and buying power that are able to resist price increases or demand increased promotional programs
 as well as operate with lower inventories
 decrease the number of brands that they carry and increase their emphasis on private label products
A significant percentage of our sales is concentrated among a small number of customers. The loss of any large customer
For example
 two of our customers each accounted for more than 10% of our consolidated net sales in certain of the last three fiscal years
 respectively. Sales to Walmart Inc. and its affiliates approximated 11%
 12% and 11% of sales during the fiscal years ended&#160;June&#160;30
 2021
&#160;2020&#160;and&#160;2019
 respectively. Sales to United Natural Foods
 Inc. and its affiliates approximated 8%
&#160;9%&#160;and&#160;10%&#160;of sales during the fiscal years ended&#160;June&#160;30
 2021
&#160;2020 and&#160;2019
In our United States operating segment
 we rely upon sales made by or through non-affiliated distributors to customers. Distributors purchase directly for their own account for resale. The loss of
 or business disruption at
 one or more of these distributors may harm our business. If we are required to obtain additional or alternative distribution agreements or arrangements in the future
Our ability to ensure a continuing supply of organic ingredients at competitive prices depends on many factors beyond our control
 such as the number and size of farms that grow organic crops
 climate conditions
 increased demand for organic ingredients by our competitors
 changes in national and world economic conditions
The organic ingredients that we use in the production of our products (including
 among others
 fruits
 vegetables
 nuts and grains) are vulnerable to adverse weather conditions and natural disasters
 such as floods
 droughts
 water scarcity
 temperature extremes
 frosts
 earthquakes and pestilences. Natural disasters and adverse weather conditions can lower crop yields and reduce crop size and crop quality
 which in turn could reduce our supplies of organic ingredients or increase the prices of organic ingredients. Such natural disasters and adverse weather conditions can be caused or exacerbated by climate change
 and the spate of recent extreme weather events
 including the current drought conditions in the Western United States
 the extreme cold
 snow and ice experienced in Texas in February 2021 and the heat wave in the Pacific Northwest in June 2021
 presents an alarming trend. If our supplies of organic ingredients are reduced
 we may not be able to find enough supplemental supply sources on favorable terms
 if at all
 which could impact our ability to supply products to our customers and adversely affect our business
We also compete with other manufacturers in the procurement of organic product ingredients
We are subject to risks associated with our international sales and operations
 including foreign currency
For the fiscal years ended June 30
 2021
 2020 and 2019
 approximately 52%
 51% and 50%
 respectively
Our non-U.S. sales and operations are subject to risks inherent in conducting business abroad
 many of which are outside our control
difficulties in managing a global enterprise
compliance with U.S. laws affecting operations outside of the United States
difficulties associated with operating under a wide variety of complex foreign laws
 treaties and regulations
 including compliance with antitrust and competition laws
 anti-modern slavery laws
 anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws
 data privacy laws
 including the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (&#8220;GDPR&#8221;)
 tax laws and regulations and a variety of other local
tariffs
 quotas
 trade barriers or sanctions
 other trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements imposed by governments that might negatively affect our sales
 including
 but not limited to
movements in currency exchange rates
 as our consolidated financial statements are presented in United States Dollars requiring us to translate our assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses into United States Dollars
 and as a result changes in the values of currencies may unpredictably and adversely impact our consolidated operating results
pandemics
 such as COVID-19 or the flu
periodic economic downturns and the instability of governments
 including default or deterioration in the credit worthiness of local governments
 geopolitical regional conflicts
 terrorist activity
 political unrest
 civil strife
 acts of war
 public corruption
We are outsourcing certain functions in our North American business to third-party service providers
We are in the process of outsourcing certain functions in our North American business
 including order management
 billing
 accounts receivable and accounts payable
 to third-party service providers. We are also implementing new procurement technology solutions as part of this initiative
 which we expect to complete during the third quarter of fiscal year 2022. While we expect these outsourcing arrangements and the associated technology implementation to accelerate process simplification and provide efficiencies
Once the outsourcing arrangements are fully implemented
 we face risks associated with third parties managing these functions for us. For example
 we will have diminished control over the quality and timeliness of the outsourced services
 including the cyber security protections implemented by these third parties. As a result of these outsourcing arrangements
 we may experience interruptions or delays in our order-to-cash and procure-to-pay processes
 loss or theft of sensitive data or other cyber security issues
 compliance issues
 challenges in maintaining and reporting financial and operational information
 and increased costs to remediate any unanticipated issues that arise
 any of which could materially and adversely affect our business
In fiscal 2019
 we implemented a strategy that includes as one of its key pillars identifying areas of cost savings and operating efficiencies to expand profit margins and cash flow. This strategy is ongoing
 and we continue to identify and implement such initiatives. As part of our identification of operating efficiencies
We may not be successful in fully implementing our productivity plans or realizing our anticipated savings and efficiencies
 including potentially as a result of factors outside our control. Additionally
 we may not be able to identify or negotiate divestiture opportunities on terms acceptable to us. If we are unable to fully realize the anticipated savings and efficiencies of our cost reduction initiatives and related strategic initiatives
We rely on independent third-party certification
 such as certifications of our products as &#8220;organic
&#8221; &#8220;Non-GMO&#8221; or &#8220;kosher
&#8221; to differentiate our products from others. We must comply with the requirements of independent organizations or certification authorities in order to label our products as certified organic. For example
 we can lose our &#8220;organic&#8221; certification if a manufacturing plant becomes contaminated with non-organic materials
 or if it is not properly cleaned after a production run. In addition
 all raw materials must be certified organic. Similarly
 we can lose our &#8220;kosher&#8221; certification if a manufacturing plant and raw materials do not meet the requirements of the appropriate kosher supervision organization. The loss of any independent certifications could adversely affect our market position as an organic and natural products company
Risks Related to Our Reputation
If the reputation of our Company or our brands erodes significantly
 including as a result of concerns regarding product quality or safety or perceptions about our ESG practices
Our financial success is directly dependent on the perception of our Company and our brands among our customers
 consumers
 employees and other constituents. Our results could be negatively impacted if our Company or one or more of our brands suffers substantial damage to its reputation due to real or perceived issues related to the quality or safety of our products. Further
In addition
 customers and consumers are increasingly expressing their expectations that companies and brands act responsibly in their ESG practices. Any failure to meet such customer or consumer expectations
 or any negative publicity regarding our ESG practices
 could impact our reputation with customers
 consumers and other constituents
We believe that brand awareness is a significant component in a consumer&#8217;s decision to purchase one product over another in the highly competitive food
 beverage and personal care industries. Although we endeavor to protect our trademarks and tradenames
 these efforts may not be successful
 and third parties may challenge our right to use one or more of our trademarks or tradenames. We believe that our trademarks and tradenames are significant to the marketing and sale of our products and that the inability to utilize certain of these names could have a material adverse effect on our business
In addition
 we market products under brands licensed under trademark license agreements
 including Linda McCartney&#8217;s
 Rose&#8217;s
 products. We believe that these trademarks have significant value and are instrumental in our ability to market and sustain demand for those product offerings. These trademark license agreements may not remain in effect or be enforceable
 and our license agreements
 upon expiration
Adverse and uncertain economic and market conditions
 particularly in the locations in which we operate
 may impact customer and consumer demand for our products and our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our customers
 suppliers and creditors. Consumers may shift purchases to lower-priced or other perceived value offerings during economic downturns
 which may adversely affect our results of operations. Consumers may also reduce the number of organic and natural products that they purchase where there are conventional alternatives
 given that organic and natural products generally have higher retail prices than do their conventional counterparts. In addition
 consumers may choose to purchase private label products rather than branded products
Prolonged unfavorable economic conditions may have an adverse effect on any of these factors and
 therefore
Many aspects of our business have been
 and may continue to be
 directly affected by volatile commodity costs and other inflationary pressures. Our input costs began to increase significantly beginning in the latter part of fiscal 2021
Agricultural commodities and ingredients are subject to price volatility which can be caused by commodity market fluctuations
 crop yields
 seasonal cycles
 weather conditions
 temperature extremes and natural disasters (including due to the effects of climate change)
 pest and disease problems
 changes in currency exchange rates
 imbalances between supply and demand
 and government programs and policies among other factors. Volatile fuel costs translate into unpredictable costs for the products and services we receive from our third-party providers including
 but not limited to
While we seek to offset increased input costs with a combination of price increases to our customers
 purchasing strategies
 cost savings initiatives and operating efficiencies
 we may be unable to fully offset our increased costs or unable to do so in a timely manner. If we are unable to fully offset such cost increases
A significant portion of our business has exposure to continued uncertainty and burdens in the United Kingdom following its exit from the European Union
In fiscal years 2021 and 2020
 approximately 31% and 32%
 respectively
 of our consolidated sales were generated in the United Kingdom
t with the European Union following Brexit. Brexit has caused and
 despite the completion of a trade and cooperation agreement
 may continue to cause disruptions to and create uncertainty surrounding our business
 including affecting our relationships with our existing and future customers and suppliers
 which could have an adverse effect on our business
 financial results and operations. In addition to ongoing general market uncertainty caused by Brexit
 the importing and exporting of goods and ingredients now involves additional administrative burdens
We depend on information systems and technology
 including public websites and cloud-based services
 in substantially all aspects of our business
 including communications among our employees and with suppliers
 customers and consumers. Such uses of information systems and technology give rise to cybersecurity risks
 including system disruption
 security breach
 ransomware
 theft
 espionage and inadvertent release of information. We have become more reliant on mobile devices
 remote communication and other technologies during the COVID-19 pandemic
 enhancing our cybersecurity risk. Our business involves the storage and transmission of numerous classes of sensitive and/or confidential information and intellectual property
 including customers&#8217; and suppliers&#8217; information
 private information about employees
 and financial and strategic information about the Company and its business partners. Further
 as we pursue new initiatives that improve our operations and cost structure
 we are also expanding and improving our information technologies
 resulting in a larger technological presence and increased exposure to cybersecurity risk. If we fail to assess and identify cybersecurity risks associated with new initiatives
We have experienced cyber security threats and vulnerabilities in our systems and those of our third party providers. To date
 such prior events have not had a material impact on our financial condition
 results of operations or financial condition. The potential consequences of a future material cybersecurity attack include reputational damage
 litigation with third parties
 government enforcement actions
 penalties
 disruption to systems
 unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information
 corruption of data and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs
 which in turn could adversely affect our competitiveness
 results of operations and financial condition. Due to the evolving nature of such security threats
The efficient operation of our business depends on our information technology systems. We rely on our information technology systems to effectively manage our business data
 communications
 supply chain
 order entry and fulfillment
 and other business processes. The failure of our information technology systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and could result in transaction errors
 processing inefficiencies and the loss of sales and customers
 causing our business and results of operations to suffer. In addition
circumstances beyond our control
 including fire
 natural disasters
There is concern that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere may have an adverse impact on global temperatures
 weather patterns and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. The spate of recent extreme weather events
 including the current drought conditions in the Western United States
 the extreme cold
 snow and ice experienced in Texas in February 2021 and the heat wave in the Pacific Northwest in June 2021
In the event that such climate change has a negative effect on agricultural productivity
 we may be subject to decreased availability or less favorable pricing for certain commodities that are necessary for our products
 such as corn
 oats
 rice
 wheat and various fruits and vegetables. As a result of climate change
 we may also be subjected to decreased availability of water
 deteriorated quality of water or less favorable pricing for water
Liabilities
As with other companies engaged in similar businesses
 the nature of our operations exposes us to the risk of liabilities and claims with respect to environmental matters
 including those relating to the disposal and release of hazardous substances. Furthermore
 our operations are governed by laws and regulations relating to workplace safety and worker health
 which
 among other things
 regulate employee exposure to hazardous chemicals in the workplace. Any material costs incurred in connection with such liabilities or claims could have a material adverse effect on our business
The increasing global focus on climate change and the need for corporate change may lead to new environmental laws and regulations that impact our business. Any such laws or regulations enacted in the future
 or any changes in how existing laws or regulations will be enforced
 administered or interpreted
 may lead to an increase in compliance costs
 cause us to change the way we operate or expose us to additional risk of liabilities and claims
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
Risks Related to Litigation
The sale of products for human use and consumption involves the risk of injury or illness to consumers. Such injuries may result from inadvertent mislabeling
 tampering by unauthorized third parties or product contamination or spoilage. Under certain circumstances
 we may be required to recall or withdraw products
 suspend production of our products or cease operations
 which may lead to a material adverse effect on our business. In addition
 customers may cancel orders for such products as a result of such events. Even if a situation does not necessitate a recall or market withdrawal
 product liability claims might be asserted against us. While we are subject to governmental inspection and regulations and believe our facilities and those of our co-manufacturers and suppliers comply in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations
 if the consumption of any of our products causes
 or is alleged to have caused
 an illness or physical harm
 we may become subject to claims or lawsuits relating to such matters. For example
 as discussed in Note 19
 
 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K
 we are subject to consumer class actions
 and other lawsuits alleging some form of personal injury
 baby food products. Even if a claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued
 the negative publicity surrounding any assertion that our products were mislabeled
 unsafe or caused illness or physical harm could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential customers and consumers and our corporate and brand image. Although we maintain product liability and product recall insurance in an amount that we believe to be adequate
 we may incur claims or liabilities for which we are not insured or that exceed the amount of our insurance coverage. A product liability judgment against us or a product recall could have a material adverse effect on our business
Government regulation could subject us to civil and criminal penalties
We operate in a highly regulated environment with constantly evolving legal and regulatory frameworks. Consequently
 we are subject to a heightened risk of legal claims
 government investigations and other regulatory enforcement actions. We are subject to extensive regulations in the United States
 United Kingdom
 Canada
 Europe
 Asia
 including India
 and any other countries where we manufacture
 distribute and/or sell our products. Our products are subject to numerous product safety and other laws and regulations relating to the registration and approval
 sourcing
 manufacturing
 storing
 labeling
 marketing
 advertising and distribution of these products. Enforcement of existing laws and regulations
 changes in legal or regulatory requirements and/or evolving interpretations of existing requirements may result in increased compliance costs or otherwise make it more costly or challenging to manufacture and sell our products
 which could materially adversely affect our business
Moreover
 a failure to maintain effective control processes could lead to violations
 unintentional or otherwise
 of laws and regulations. Legal claims
 government investigations or regulatory enforcement actions arising out of our failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to civil and criminal penalties that could materially and adversely affect our product sales
 reputation
 financial condition and operating results. In addition
We are
 or may become
 party to various lawsuits and claims arising in the normal course of business
 which may include lawsuits or claims relating to contracts
 intellectual property
 product recalls
 product liability
 the marketing and labeling of products
 employment matters
 environmental matters
 data protection or other aspects of our business as well as any securities class action and stockholder derivative litigation. For example
 as discussed in Note 19
 
 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K
 we are currently subject to class actions and derivative complaints arising out of or related to the Company&#8217;s prior internal accounting review. Certain of our former officers and former members of our Board of Directors
 as individual defendants
 are also subject to lawsuits related to such accounting review
 and we may have an obligation to indemnify them in relation to these matters. Additionally
 as discussed further in Note 19
 we are subject to consumer class actions
 and other lawsuits alleging some form of personal injury
Even when not merited
 the defense of these lawsuits may divert our management&#8217;s attention
 and we may incur significant expenses in defending these lawsuits. The results of litigation and other legal proceedings are inherently uncertain
 and adverse judgments or settlements in some or all of these legal disputes may result in monetary damages
 penalties or injunctive relief against us
 which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Any claims or litigation
 even if fully indemnified or insured
Compliance with data privacy laws may be costly
Many jurisdictions in which the Company operates have laws and regulations relating to data privacy and protection of personal information
 including the European Union GDPR and the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (&#8220;CCPA&#8221;). Failure to comply with GDPR or CCPA requirements or other data privacy laws could result in litigation
 adverse publicity and significant penalties and damages. The law in this area continues to develop
 and the changing nature of privacy laws could impact the Company&#8217;s processing of personal information related to the Company&#8217;s employees
 consumers
 customers and vendors. The enactment of more restrictive laws
 rules or regulations or future enforcement actions or investigations could impact us through increased costs or restrictions on our business
Our credit agreement contains covenants imposing certain restrictions on our business. These restrictions may affect our ability to operate our business and may limit our ability to take advantage of potential business opportunities as they arise. The credit agreement contains restrictive covenants including
 with specified exceptions
 limitations on our ability to engage in certain business activities
 incur debt and liens
 make capital expenditures
 pay dividends or make other distributions
 enter into affiliate transactions
 consolidate
 merge or acquire or dispose of assets
 and make certain investments
 acquisitions and loans. The credit agreement also requires us to satisfy certain financial covenants
Our ability to comply with these covenants under the credit agreement may be affected by events beyond our control
 including prevailing economic
 financial and industry conditions. The breach of any of these covenants could result in a default
 which would permit the lenders to declare all outstanding debt to be due and payable
 together with accrued and unpaid interest. Our obligations under the credit agreement are guaranteed by certain existing and future domestic subsidiaries of the Company and are secured by liens on assets of the Company and its material domestic subsidiaries
 including the equity interest in each of their direct subsidiaries and intellectual property
We may be adversely impacted by the discontinuation of the London Interbank Offered Rate
We have loans under our credit facility and interest rate swap agreements that are indexed to LIBOR
While we have sought to reduce future interest rate volatility by entering into floating rate to fixed rate swap agreements with respect to a substantial portion of our outstanding indebtedness as of June 30
 2021
 the transition away from LIBOR may nonetheless cause us to incur increased costs and additional risk. Following the transition
Certain risks arise in transitioning contracts to an alternative variable rate. The method of transitioning to an alternative rate may be challenging and may require substantial negotiation with the counterparty to each contract. If a contract is not transitioned to an alternative variable rate
The ownership of our common stock could be concentrated
As of August 19
 2021
 based on information filed with the SEC and reported to us
 Engaged Capital
 LLC and certain of its affiliates (collectively
of our outstanding common stock. Engaged Capital and any other stockholders acquiring beneficial ownership of a significant amount of our outstanding common stock could have significant influence over the outcome of corporate actions requiring stockholder approval
 including the election of directors
 any merger
 consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets
Our Board of Directors is empowered to issue
 without stockholder approval
 preferred stock with dividends
 liquidation
 conversion
 voting or other rights
 which could decrease the amount of earnings and assets available for distribution to holders of our common stock and adversely affect the relative voting power or other rights of the holders of our common stock. In the event of issuance
 the preferred stock could be used as a method of discouraging
 delaying or preventing a change in control. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 5 million shares of &#8220;blank check&#8221; preferred stock with such designations
 rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by our Board of Directors. Although we have no present intention to issue any shares of our preferred stock
While we believe that the extent of our insurance coverage is consistent with industry practice
 such coverage does not cover all losses we may incur
 even in areas for which we have coverage. Our insurance policies are subject to coverage exclusions
 deductibles and caps
 and any claim we make under our insurance policies may be subject to such limitations. Any claim we make may not be honored fully
 in a timely manner
 or at all
 and we may not have purchased sufficient insurance to cover all losses incurred. If we were to incur substantial liabilities or if our business operations were interrupted for a substantial period of time
 we could incur costs and suffer losses. Additionally
 in the future
 insurance coverage may not be available to us at commercially acceptable premiums
As of June 30
 2021
 we had goodwill of $871.1 million and trademarks and other intangibles assets of $314.9 million
 which in the aggregate represented 54% of our total consolidated assets. The net carrying value of goodwill represents the fair value of acquired businesses in excess of identifiable assets and liabilities as of the acquisition date (or subsequent impairment date
 if applicable). The net carrying value of trademarks and other intangibles represents the fair value of trademarks
 customer relationships and other acquired intangibles as of the acquisition date (or subsequent impairment date
 if applicable)
 net of accumulated amortization. Goodwill and other acquired intangibles expected to contribute indefinitely to our cash flows are not amortized
 but must be evaluated by management at least annually for impairment. Amortized intangible assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of these assets may not be recoverable. Impairments to goodwill and other intangible assets may be caused by factors outside our control
 such as increasing competitive pricing pressures
 changes in discount rates based on changes in cost of capital (interest rates
 etc.)
 lower than expected sales and profit growth rates
 changes in industry Earnings Before Interest Taxes Depreciation and Amortization (&#8220;EBITDA&#8221;) multiples
 the inability to quickly replace lost co-manufacturing business
 or the bankruptcy of a significant customer. We have in the past recorded
 and may in the future be required to record
Our principal facilities
 which are leased except where otherwise indicated
Lake Success
86
Boulder
158
Mountville
160
Distribution center (Grocery
 snacks
Ontario
375
Boulder
57
Bell
125
Lancaster
119
Vancouver
 BC
76
Mississauga
 ON
61
Mississauga
 ON
81
Mississauga
 ON
136
Trenton
 ON
47
Histon
303
Clitheroe
48
Grimsby
54
Fakenham
51
Distribution (Soups
 hot desserts
 chilled products
Peterborough
55
Loipersdorf
75
Oberwart
108
Schwerin
527
Niederziers
54
Manufacturing
Troisdorf
131
We also lease space for other smaller offices and facilities in the United States
 United Kingdom
 Canada
In addition to the foregoing distribution facilities operated by us
For further information regarding our lease obligations
e 8

 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II
 Item 8 of this Form 10-K. For further information regarding the use of our properties by segments
 see Item 1
The information called for by this item is incorporated herein by reference to Note 19
 
 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II
Item 5.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Outstanding shares of our common stock
 par value $0.01 per share
f August&#160;19
 2021
We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date. The payment of all dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on
 among other things
 future earnings
 operations
 capital requirements
 contractual restrictions
 including restrictions under our credit facility
April 1
 2021 - April 30
249
242
May 1
 2021 - May 31
178
178
June 1
 2021 - June 30
257
252
685
672
On June 21
 2017
 the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $250 million of the Company&#8217;s issued and outstanding common stock. During the three months ended June&#160;30
 2021
 the Company repurchased 672
418 shares pursuant to the 2017 authorization for a total of $27.2 million
 excluding commissions
 at an average price of $40.41 per share. As of June&#160;30
 2021
 the Company had $82.4 million remaining under the 2017 authorization. In August 2021
 the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved an additional $300 million share repurchase authorization
 which is not reflected in the table above. Share repurchases under the 2021 authorization will commence after the 2017 authorization is fully utilized
 at the Company&#8217;s discretion. Repurchases may be made from time to time in the open market
 pursuant to preset trading plans
The following graph compares the performance of our common stock to the S&amp;P 500 Index
 the S&amp;P Smallcap 600 Index and the S&amp;P Packaged Foods &amp; Meats Index (in which we are included) for the period from June 30
 2016 through June&#160;30
This Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations should be read in conjunction with Item 1A and the Consolidated Financial Statements and the related notes thereto for the period ended June&#160;30
 2021 included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K are qualified by the cautionary statement included under the sub-heading
 &#8220;Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Information
The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
 (collectively
 along with its subsidiaries
 the &#8220;Company
&#8221; and herein referred to as &#8220;Hain Celestial
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us&#8221; and &#8220;our&#8221;)
 was founded in 1993 and is headquartered in Lake Success
 New York. The Company&#8217;s mission has continued to evolve since its founding
 with health and wellness being the core tenet. The Company continues to be a leading marketer
cturer and seller of organic and natural
 &#8220;better-for-you&#8221; products by anticipating and exceeding consumer expectations in providing quality
 innovation
 value and convenience. The Company is committed to growing sustainably while continuing to implement environmentally sound business practices and manufacturing processes. Hain Celestial sells its products through specialty and natural food distributors
 supermarkets
 natural food stores
 mass-market and e-commerce retailers
 food service channels and club
The Company manufactures
 markets
 distributes and sells organic and natural products under brand names that are sold as &#8220;better-for-you&#8221; products
. Hain Celestial is a leader in many organic and natural product categories
 with many recognized brands in the various market categories it serves
 including Celestial Seasonings
 Clarks&#8482;
 Cully &amp; Sully
 Earth&#8217;s Best
 Ella&#8217;s Kitchen
 Frank Cooper&#8217;s
 Gale&#8217;s
 Garden of Eatin&#8217;
 Hain Pure Foods
 Hartley&#8217;s
 Health Valley
 Imagine
 Joya
 Lima
 (under license)
 MaraNatha
 Natumi
 New Covent Garden Soup Co.
 Robertson&#8217;s
 (under license)
 Sensible Portions
 Spectrum
 Sun-Pat
 Terra
 The Greek Gods
 Yorkshire Provender
 Avalon Organics
 JASON
 Live Clean
The Company has executed this strategy
discontinuing uneconomic investment
 realigning resources to coincide with brand importance
 reducing unproductive stock-keeping units (&#8220;SKUs&#8221;) and brands and reassessing current pricing architecture. As part of this initiative
The Company&#8217;s &#8220;Get Bigger&#8221; brands represent its strongest brands with higher margins
 which compete in categories with strong growth potential. The Company has concentrated its investment in marketing
 innovation and other resources to prioritize spending for these brands
 in an effort to reinvigorate profitable topline growth
The Company&#8217;s &#8220;Get Better&#8221; brands are the brands in which the Company is primarily focused on simplification and expansion of profit margin. Some of these brands have historically been low margin
As part of the Company&#8217;s overall strategy
 the Company may seek to dispose of businesses and brands that are less profitable or are otherwise less of a strategic fit within our core portfolio. During fiscal 2019
 tofu
 seitan and tempeh businesses. In fiscal 2020
 the Company divested its Tilda business and its Arrowhead Mills
 SunSpire
 Europe's Best
 Casbah
 Rudi&#8217;s Gluten-Free Bakery&#8482;
 and Fountain of Truth&#8482; brands. In fiscal 2021
 business
 its United Kingdom fruit and fruit juice businesses (&#8220;Fruit&#8221;)
 Foods Limited business and associated brands
 and its WestSoy
The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in a net increase in overall demand for our products. The impact was particularly pronounced during the early stages of the pandemic as consumers reacted to stay-at-home measures and the uncertainty of the pandemic. The pandemic-driven demand for our products has subsided as effective vaccines have become available
governments have eased safety measures and consumer purchasing behaviors have started to return to pre-pandemic norms. Our net sales during the third quarter of fiscal 2020 through the second quarter of fiscal 2021 benefited from pandemic-driven demand
 and as a result net sales were lower in the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2021 compared to the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2020
Despite normalizing consumer demand in recent quarters
 the pandemic continues to create near-term and longer-term challenges and uncertainty as we continue our commitment to supporting the global response to the crisis. Effective vaccines for COVID-19 have not yet allowed a return to normal economic activity and business operations
 and the presence of new variants and increasing case figures in many countries create additional uncertainty about the duration and extent of the impact from the pandemic. The pandemic and the measures being taken by governments
manufacturing and supply chain challenges resulting from health and safety precautions among our employees and the general population as well as macroeconomic factors resulting from the pandemic
One of the key pillars of the Company&#8217;s strategy seeks to identify areas of operating efficiencies and cost savings to expand profit margins and cash flow. In furtherance of this key pillar
 we have undertaken multiple productivity and transformation initiatives
 including (1) consolidating certain of the Company&#8217;s manufacturing plants
 (2) implementing broader supply chain operational improvements
 (3) integrating the operations of our U.S. and Canadian businesses
 (4) product rationalization initiatives which are aimed at eliminating slow moving SKUs and (5) outsourcing certain functions in our North American business
 including order management
 billing
 accounts receivable and accounts payable
We incur costs as part of these productivity and transformation initiatives with the objective of obtaining longer term operating efficiencies and cost savings. The costs include consulting and severance costs
On August 27
 2019
 the Company and Ebro Foods S.A. (the &#8220;Purchaser&#8221;) entered into
 and consummated the transactions contemplated by
On February 15
 2019
 the Company completed the sale of substantially all of the assets used primarily for the Plainville Farms business
 a component of the Company&#8217;s Hain Pure Protein Corporation (&#8220;HPPC&#8221;) operating segment. On June 28
 2019
 the Company completed the sale of the remainder of HPPC and Empire Kosher which included the FreeBird and Empire Kosher businesses. These dispositions were undertaken to reduce complexity in the Company&#8217;s operations and simplify the Company&#8217;s brand portfolio
 in addition to allowing additional flexibility to focus on opportunities for growth and innovation in the Company&#8217;s more profitable and faster growing core businesses. Collectively
These dispositions represented strategic shifts that had a major impact on the Company&#8217;s operations and financial results and therefore
5
Dispositions
nded June&#160;30
ded June&#160;30
The following table compares our results of operations
 including as a percentage of net sales
 on a consolidated basis
 for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020 (amounts in thousands
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
1
970
2
053
(83
1
478
1
588
(109
491
465
25
Selling
299
324
(25
8
11
(2
18
48
(29
(2
2
57
27
30
107
56
51
Interest and other financing expense
8
18
(9
Other (income) expense
(10
3
(14
108
33
74
41
6
34
1
1
66
25
40
Net income (loss) from discontinued operations
11
(106
117
77
(80
157
258
199
58
ere $1.97 billion
 a decrease of $83.6 million
 or 4.1%
 from net sales of $2.05 billion in fiscal 2020 as a result of a decrease in sales in both the North America and the International reportable segments. On a constant currency basis
 adjusted for the impact of divestitures and discontinued brands
 net sales decreased approximately 0.6% from the prior comparable period. On an adjusted basis
as $491.6 million
 an increase of $25.8 million
 or 5.5%
 from gross profit of $465.8 million in fiscal 2020. Gross profit margin was 25.0% of net sales
 compared to 22.7% in the prior year. The increase in gross profit margin was mainly driven by the International reportable segment as a result of lower costs of goods sold stemming from the Fruit business divestiture in the current fiscal year
 lower trade spend and cost savings due to supply chain efficiencies which resulted in a lower cost of sales as a percentage of revenue. In addition
Selling
Selling
 general and administrative expenses were $299.1 million in fiscal 2021
 a decrease of $25.3 million
 or 7.8%
 from $324.4 million in fiscal 2020. The decrease was mainly due to reduced expenses in the North America reportable segment in the amount of $26.9 million. The decrease in the North America reportable segment was due to (1) lower broker trade expense which was a result of lower net sales
 (2) lower salaries and benefits which was primarily a result of the reorganization which resulted in headcount reductions that occurred throughout fiscal 2020 for which we are now seeing the benefits
 (3) headcount reductions due to divestitures
 (4) lower marketing expense due to a decrease in consumer advertising and public relations
 (5) lower bonus expense
 and (6) lower outside service expense. Selling
es was 15.2% in the twelve months ended June&#160;30
 2021 compared to 15.8% in the prior year
Amortization of acquired intangibles was $8.9 million in fiscal 2021
 a decrease of $2.7 million
 or 23.3%
The decrease was due to the elimination of the United Kingdom Fruit business intangible amortization since the first quarter of fiscal 2021 and finite-lived intangibles from historical acquisitions becoming fully amortized or impaired during fiscal year 2020
Productivity and transformation costs were $18.9 million in fiscal 2021
 consulting fees
 severance costs
During fiscal year 2021
 the Company received $0.6 million as payment from an insurance claim related to a litigation described in Note 19
. In July of 2019
 the Company received $7.0 million as partial payment from an insurance claim relating to business disruption costs associated with a co-packer. Of this amount
 $4.5 million was recognized in fiscal 2019 as it related to reimbursement of costs already incurred
During fiscal year 2021
rge of $57.9&#160;million
 of which $56.1 million related to the reserve recorded against the assets of the Company's United Kingdom Fruit business (see Note 5
 
and $1.6 million related to impairment of property
 plant and equipment and other non-current assets. During fiscal year 2020
 the Company recorded a pre-tax impairment charge of $27.5&#160;million of which (1) $9.5&#160;million ($4.0&#160;million related to the North America reportable segment and $5.5&#160;million related to the International reportable segment) related to certain tradenames of the Company
 (2) $4.5&#160;million related to customer relationships of certain brand divestitures within the North America reportable segment and (3) $12.3&#160;million related to a write-down of certain machinery and equipment in the United States and Europe used to manufacture certain slow moving or low margin SKUs and the write-down of buildings
Interest and Other Financing Expense
 Net
 net totaled $8.7 million in fiscal 2021
 a decrease of $9.6 million
 or 52.6%
ote 11
 
Other (Income) Expense
Other income
 net totaled $10.1 million in fiscal 2021
 an increase of $14.0 million from other expense
or income taxes includes federal
 foreign
&#160;$41.1 million and $6.2 million&#160;for fiscal 2021 and 2020
On March 27
 2020
 H.R. 748
 the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief
 and Economic Security Act (the &#8220;CARES Act&#8221;) was signed into legislation which included business tax provisions that impacted taxes related to 2018
 2019 and 2020. Under the CARES Act
 the Company carried back net operating losses generated in the June 30
 2019 tax year for five years
 resulting in a net income tax benefit of $11.2 million. The $11.2 million income tax benefit represents the federal rate differential between 35% and 21%
 net of a reserve under Accounting Standard Codification (&#8220;ASC&#8221;) 740-10 and excludes the indirect tax benefit of $6.7 million related to discontinued operations. The Company recorded a tax refund receivable of $52.5 million which was included as a component of Prepaid expenses and other current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of June 30
 2020. The Company received the tax refund
 along with $1.3 million of interest
The effective income tax rate from continuing operations was 37.8% and 18.3% of pre-tax income for the twelve months ended June 30
 2021 and 2020
 respectively. The effective income tax rate from continuing operations for the twelve months ended June 30
 2021 was primarily impacted by various discrete items including the tax impact of the Fruit business impairment and disposal
The effective income tax rate from continuing operations for the twelve months ended June 30
 2020 was primarily impacted by the geographical mix of earnings
 state taxes
 provisions in the CARES Act
Our effective tax rate may change from period-to-period based on recurring and non-recurring factors including the geographical mix of earnings
 enacted tax legislation
 12
 Taxes
equity in the net loss from our equity method investments for fiscal 2021 was $1.6 million compared to $2.0 million for fiscal 2020. See Note 15
 
 from Discontinued Operations
 from discontinued operations
 net of tax
income of $11.3 million
 or $0.11 per diluted share
 June&#160;30
 2021
 adjustment to the Tilda business primarily related to the recognition of a deferred tax benefit. Net loss from discontinued operations
 net of tax
 June&#160;30
 June&#160;30
 2020 was impacted by $15.3 million of tax related to the tax gain on the sale of the Tilda entities. See Note 5
 
Our consolidated Adjusted EBITDA was&#160;$258.9 million&#160;and&#160;$200.0 million&#160;for fiscal 2021 and 2020
 respectively
The following table provides a summary of net sales and operating income (loss) by reportable segment for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
1
104
866
1
970
1
171
882
2
053
(67
(16
(83
129
38
(59
107
95
55
(95
56
33
(17
35
51
Our net sales in the North America reportable segment for fiscal 2021 were $1.10 billion
 a decrease of $67.4 million
 or 5.7%
On a constant currency basis
 adjusted for the impact of divestitures and discontinued brands
 net sales decreased by 1.7%. The decrease of 1.7% was mainly due to lower sales in the current year compared to the prior year driven by higher at-home food consumption and hand sanitizer purchases in the prior year as a result of stay-at-home orders at the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic. Additionally
 the Company had a large program with a wholesale club in fiscal 2020 which did not recur in fiscal 2021. Further
 sales were lower in the current year due to the impact of the prior year SKU rationalization
Operating income in North America in fiscal 2021 was $129.0 million
 an increase of $33.1 million
 or 34.5%
was driven by a favorable product mix
 lower selling
 general and administrative expenses and supply chain cost efficiencies gained with the Company's productivity and transformation initiatives
Net sales in the International reportable segment for fiscal 2021 were $866.2 million
 a decrease of $16.3 million
 or 1.8%
. On a constant currency basis
 and adjusted for the impact of divestitures and discontinued brands
 fiscal 2021 was $38.0 million
 a decrease of&#160;$17.3 million
 or 31.3%
 from&#160;$55.3 million&#160;in fiscal 2020. The decrease in operating income was mainly due to an impairment loss recorded for the Fruit business amounting to $56.0 million
Our Corporate and Other category consists of expenses related to the Company&#8217;s centralized administrative functions
 which do not specifically relate to an operating segment. Such Corporate and Other expenses are comprised mainly of compensation and related expenses of certain of the Company&#8217;s senior executive officers and other employees who perform duties related to our entire enterprise as well as expenses for certain professional fees
 facilities
 were $59.7 million
 a decrease of $35.6 million or 
. This change was primarily related to a decrease in productivity and transformation costs included in Corporate and Other
 which were $10.6 million for fiscal 
 a decrease of $22.1 million
. Additionally
 21
 
Comparison of Fiscal Year Ended June&#160;30
June&#160;30
The following table compares our results of operations
 including as a percentage of net sales
 on a consolidated basis
 for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2020 and 2019 (amounts in thousands
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
2
053
2
104
(50
1
588
1
706
(117
465
398
67
Selling
324
314
10
11
13
(1
48
40
8
Former Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
30
(30
(2
(4
1
Accounting review and remediation costs
4
(4
27
33
(6
56
(32
88
Interest and other financing expense
18
22
(4
Other expense
3
2
33
(56
89
6
(3
9
1
1
25
(53
79
Net loss from discontinued operations
(106
(129
23
(80
(183
102
$199
$165
34
Net sales in fiscal 2020 were $2.05 billion
 a decrease of $50.7 million
 or 2.4%
 from net sales of $2.10 billion in fiscal 2019. Foreign currency exchange rates negatively impacted net sales by $27.5 million as compared to the prior year. On a constant currency basis
 net sales decreased approximately 1.1% from the prior year. Net sales decreased across both our North America and International reportable segments
 primarily driven by the strategic decision to no longer support certain lower margin and unprofitable SKUs
Gross profit in fiscal 2020 was $465.8 million
 an increase of $67.3 million
 or 16.9%
 from gross profit of $398.5 million in fiscal 2019. Gross profit margin was 22.7%
favorable product mix as well as cost savings from the Company&#8217;s productivity and transformation initiatives. The year-over-year increase was further due to an inventory write-down of $12.4 million&#160;in fiscal 2019
 which did not recur in fiscal 2020
Selling
Selling
 general and administrative expenses were $324.4 million in fiscal 2020
 an increase of $10.4 million
 or 3.3%
 from $314.0 million in fiscal 2019. Selling
 general and administrative expenses increased primarily due to higher marketing and advertising spend as well as higher variable compensation costs in fiscal 2020. Variable compensation costs include stock-based compensation expense
 which was higher in fiscal 2020 primarily due to the reversal in the prior year of previously accrued amounts under certain performance-based incentive plans of which achievement was no longer probable. See Note 14
 
 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further discussion. Selling
 general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales was 15.8% in fiscal 2020 and 14.9% in the prior year
 an increase of 90 basis points
Amortization of acquired intangibles was $11.6 million in fiscal 2020
 a decrease of $1.5 million
 or 11.4%
 from $13.1 million in fiscal 2019. The decrease was due to finite-lived intangibles from certain historical acquisitions becoming fully amortized subsequent to June&#160;30
Productivity and transformation costs were&#160;$48.8 million&#160;in fiscal&#160;2020
Former Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan Expense
On June 24
 2018
 the Company entered into a succession plan
 whereby the Company&#8217;s former CEO
 Irwin D. Simon
 Executive Officer succession plan were $30.2 million in fiscal 2019 compared with no expense incurred in fiscal year 2020. See Note 3
 
In July of 2019
 the Company received $7.0 million as partial payment from an insurance claim relating to business disruption costs associated with a co-packer. Of this amount
 $4.5 million was recognized in fiscal 2019 as it related to reimbursement of costs already incurred
Accounting Review and Remediation Costs
Costs and expenses associated with the internal accounting review
 remediation and other related matters were $4.3 million in fiscal 2019
During fiscal 2020
 the Company recorded $27.5&#160;million of long-lived asset and intangibles impairment charges. This included a pre-tax impairment charge of $9.5&#160;million ($4.0&#160;million related to the North America reportable segment and $5.5&#160;million related to the International reportable segment) related to certain tradenames of the Company. The Company also recorded $4.5&#160;million of pre-tax impairment charges relating to customer relationships of certain brand divestitures within the North America reportable segment. Additionally
 during fiscal 2020
 the Company recorded a $12.3&#160;million non-cash impairment charge primarily related to a write-down of certain machinery and equipment in the United States and Europe used to manufacture certain slow moving or low margin SKUs and the write-down of buildings
During fiscal 2019
 related to the International reportable segment) related to certain tradenames of the Company. Additionally
 of non-cash impairment charges primarily related to the Company&#8217;s decision to consolidate manufacturing of certain fruit-based products in the United Kingdom. Moreover
 non-cash impairment charge to write down the value of certain machinery and equipment no longer in use in the United States and United Kingdom
e 7
Property
 Plant and Equipment
 and Note 9
 
Interest and Other Financing Expense
Interest and other financing expense
 net totaled $18.3 million in fiscal 2020
 a decrease of $4.3 million
 or 18.9%
 from $22.5 million in the prior year. The decrease in interest and other financing expense
 net resulted primarily from lower interest expense related to our revolving credit facility as a result of lower variable interest rates and a lower balance of borrowings outstanding during fiscal year 2020 compared to fiscal year 2019. See Note 11
&#160;
Other Expense
Other expense
 net totaled $4.0 million in fiscal 2020
 an increase of $3.0 million from $1.0 million in the prior year. The increase in the fiscal year ended June 30
 2020 resulted from losses related to the sale of the Arrowhead
 SunSpire and Rudi&#8217;s businesses
The provision (benefit) for income taxes includes federal
 foreign
 state and local income taxes. Our income tax from continuing operations was an expense of 
On March 27
 2020
 H.R. 748
 the CARES Act was signed into legislation which includes business tax provisions that impacted taxes related to 2018
 2019 and 2020. Some of the significant tax law changes in accordance with the CARES Act were to increase the limitation on deductible business interest expense for 2019 and 2020
 allow for the five-year carryback of net operating losses for 2018-2020
 suspend the 80% limitation of taxable income for net operating loss carryforwards for 2018-2020
 provide for the acceleration of depreciation expense from 2018 and forward on qualified improvement property
back net operating losses generated in the June 30
 2019 tax year for five years
 resulting in a net income tax benefit of $11.2 million. The $11.2 million income tax benefit represents the federal rate differential between 35% and 21%
 net of a reserve under ASC 740-10 and excludes the indirect tax benefit of $6.7 million related to discontinued operations. The Company recorded a tax refund receivable of $52.5 million which was included as a component of Prepaid expenses and other current assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of June 30
On December 22
 2017
 the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation pursuant to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the &#8220;Tax Act&#8221;)
 which significantly revised the ongoing U.S. corporate income tax law by lowering the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%
 implementing a territorial tax system
 imposing a one-time tax on foreign unremitted earnings and setting limitations on deductibility of certain costs (e.g.
 interest expense and executive compensation)
In accordance with SAB No. 118
 the SEC's staff accounting bulletin issued to address complexities involved in accounting for the Tax Act
 the Company finalized the tax effects of the Tax Act during fiscal 2019. The Company recorded additional tax expense of $6.8 million related to its transition tax liability due to finalizing the Company&#8217;s foreign earnings and profits study.  The net increase reflected newly issued tax laws
 regulations
The Tax Act also includes a provision to tax GILTI of foreign subsidiaries. The Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) Staff Q&amp;A Topic No. 5
 Accounting for Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income
The effective income tax rate from continuing operations was expense of 18.3% and a benefit of 5.8% of pre-tax income for the twelve months ended June 30
 2020 and 2019
 respectively. The effective income tax rate from continuing operations for the twelve months ended June 30
 2020 was primarily impacted by the geographical mix of earnings
 state taxes
 provisions in the CARES Act
The effective income tax rate from continuing operations for the twelve months ended June 30
 2019 was primarily impacted by the Tax Act&#8217;s lowering of the corporate tax rate
 the geographical mix of earnings
 state taxes
 GILTI
 finalization of the transition tax liability
Our effective tax rate may change from period-to-period based on recurring and non-recurring factors including the geographical mix of earnings
 enacted tax legislation
See Note 12
 
Our equity in the net loss from our equity method investments for fiscal 2020 was $2.0 million compared to equity in net loss of $0.7 million for fiscal 2019. See Note 15

Net loss from discontinued operations for fiscal 2020 and 2019 was $106.0 million and $129.9 million
 respectively
 or $1.02 and $1.25 per diluted share
ulative translation losses from Accumulated comprehensive loss related to the Tilda business to discontinued operations
 while in fiscal 2019 net loss from discontinued operations was primarily attributable to asset impairment charges of $109.3 million and losses on sale in connection with the disposition of the Plainville Farms and HPPC businesses of $40.2 million and $0.6 million
 respectively. See Note 5
 
Our consolidated Adjusted EBITDA was $200.0 million and $165.1 million for fiscal 2020 and 2019
 respectively
The following table provides a summary of net sales and operating income by reportable segment for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
1
171
882
2
053
1
195
908
2
104
(24
(26
(50
95
55
(95
56
32
58
(123
(32
63
(3
28
88
Our net sales in the North America reportable segment in fiscal 2020 were $1.17 billion
 a decrease of $24.5 million
 or 2.0%
 from net sales of $1.20 billion in fiscal 2019. The&#160;decrease&#160;in net sales was primarily driven by the strategic decision to no longer support certain lower margin SKUs in order to reduce complexity and increase gross margins as well as a reduction in net sales in relation to divested brands such as our Rudi&#8217;s business
 Arrowhead Mills
 Europe&#8217;s Best
 partially offset by increased overall demand for our products in reaction to the COVID-19 pandemic during the second half of fiscal 2020. Operating income in North America in fiscal 2020 was $95.9 million
 an increase of $63.3 million
 or 193.5%
 from $32.7 million in fiscal 2019. The increase in operating income was the result of increased gross profit in the United States driven by a favorable product mix due to our efforts under the &#8220;Get Bigger&#8221; and &#8220;Get Better&#8221; strategy for our brands
 efficient trade spending and supply chain cost reductions in the United States as well as other productivity savings
Our net sales in the International reportable segment in fiscal&#160;2020&#160;were&#160;$882.4 million
&#160;an decrease&#160;of&#160;$26.2 million
 or&#160;2.9%
 from net sales of&#160;$908.6 million&#160;in fiscal&#160;2019. On a constant currency basis
 net sales decreased 0.1% from the prior year primarily due to a decline in our United Kingdom Fruit business as a result of impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic and discontinued sales of unprofitable SKUs
 partially offset by growth in our plant-based food and beverage products. Operating income in our International reportable segment for fiscal 2020 was $55.3 million
 a decrease of&#160;$3.5 million
 or 5.9%
 from&#160;$58.8 million&#160;in fiscal 2019. Excluding the impact of foreign currency movements of $1.8 million
 operating income decreased 2.8% for fiscal 2020
 compared to the prior year
 due to reductions in sales of certain fruit-based products and non-cash impairment charges primarily related to a write-down of certain machinery and equipment in Europe
Our Corporate and Other category consists of expenses related to the Company&#8217;s centralized administrative functions
 which do not specifically relate to an operating segment. Corporate and Other expenses are comprised mainly of the compensation and related expenses of certain of the Company&#8217;s senior executive officers and other employees who perform duties related to our entire enterprise
 as well as expenses for certain professional fees
 facilities and other items which benefit the Company as a whole. Additionally
 productivity and transformation costs
 tradename impairment charges and proceeds from insurance claim included within Corporate and Other expenses were $32.7 million
 $9.5 million and $3.0 million
 respectively
 for the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2020. Former Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
 net
 Productivity and transformation costs and Accounting review and remediation costs
 net of insurance proceeds included within Corporate and Other expenses were $30.2 million
 $28.4 million and $4.3 million
 respectively
 for the fiscal year ended&#160;June&#160;30
Refer to Note 21
 
 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for additional details.
 
Our cash and cash equivalents balance increased by $38.1 million at June&#160;30
 2021 to $75.9 million compared to $37.8 million at June&#160;30
 2020. Our working capital
 which excludes current assets and current liabilities of discontinued operations
 was $284.7 million at June&#160;30
 2021
Liquidity is affected by many factors
Our cash balances are held in the United States
 United Kingdom
 Canada
 Europe
 Middle East
 and India. As of June&#160;30
 2021
 all of the Company&#8217;s total cash balance was held outside of the United States. The Company historically considered the undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested. To achieve its cash management objectives
 during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020
We maintain our cash and cash equivalents primarily in money market funds or their equivalent. As of June&#160;30
 2021
 all of our investments were expected to mature in less than three months. Accordingly
 we do not believe that our investments have significant exposure to interest rate risk. Cash provided by (used in) operating
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
196
156
39
(2
(45
(68
(162
(104
(22
31
7
(52
(8
(19
6
(1
38
(1
(73
ating activities from continuing operations was $196.8 million for the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2021
resulted primarily from an improvement of $141.5 million in net income adjusted for non-cash charges
ash used in investing activities from continuing operations was $2.4 million for the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2021
ily due to proceeds of $10.4 million and $58.8 million from the sale of assets and businesses
 respectively
 partially offset by increased capital expenditures. Cash used in investing activities from continuing operations was $45.1 million for fiscal 2020
Cash used in financing activities from continuing operations was $162.4 million for the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
$125.2 million for the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2021
 an increase of $29.2 million from the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
During fiscal 2021
On June 21
 2017
 As of June&#160;30
 2021
During the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2021
 the Company repurchased 3.1 million shares under the repurchase program for a total of $107.4 million
 excluding commissions
 During the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2020
 2.6 million shares under the repurchase program for a total of $60.2 million
 excluding commissions
In August 2021
 the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved an additional $300 million share repurchase authorization. Share repurchases under the 2021 authorization will commence after the 2017 authorization is fully utilized
The extent to which the Company repurchases its shares and the timing of such repurchases will depend upon market conditions and other corporate considerations. Repurchases may be made from time to time in the open market
 pursuant to pre-set trading plans
For each of these non-U.S. GAAP financial measures
 we are providing below a reconciliation of the differences between the non-U.S. GAAP measure and the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure
 an explanation of why our management and Board of Directors believes the non-U.S. GAAP measure provides useful information to investors and any additional purposes for which our management and Board of Directors uses the non-U.S. GAAP measure. These non-U.S. GAAP measures should be viewed in addition to
 and not in lieu of
We believe that this measure provides useful information to investors because it provides transparency to underlying performance in our consolidated net sales by excluding the effect that foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations have on year-to-year comparability given the volatility in foreign currency exchange markets. To present this information for historical periods
 current period net sales for entities reporting in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar are translated into U.S. Dollars at the average monthly exchange rates in effect during the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year
 rather than at the actual average monthly exchange rate in effect during the current period of the current fiscal year. As a result
We also exclude the impact of divestitures and discontinued brands when comparing net sales to prior periods
1
104
866
1
970
(4
(5
(9
(6
(55
(61
1
093
805
1
899
1
171
882
2
053
(59
(83
(142
1
111
799
1
911
1
171
882
2
053
(59
(83
(142
2
25
27
1
114
824
1
938
1
195
908
2
104
(110
(118
(229
(41
(8
(50
Net sales adjusted for divestitures
1
043
781
1
825
Net sales growth on a constant currency basis adjusted for divestitures
Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net income (loss) before income taxes
 net interest expense
 depreciation and amortization
 impairment of long-lived and intangible assets
 equity in the earnings of equity-method investees
 stock-based compensation
 productivity and transformation costs
 and other non-recurring items. The Company&#8217;s management believes that this presentation provides useful information to management
 analysts and investors regarding certain additional financial and business trends relating to its results of operations and financial condition. In addition
We do not consider Adjusted EBITDA in isolation or as an alternative to financial measures determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The principal limitation of Adjusted EBITDA is that it excludes certain expenses and income that are required by U.S. GAAP to be recorded in our consolidated financial statements. In addition
 Adjusted EBITDA is subject to inherent limitations as this metric reflects the exercise of judgment by management about which expenses and income are excluded or included in determining Adjusted EBITDA. In order to compensate for these limitations
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
77
(80
(183
11
(106
(129
66
25
(53
41
6
(3
Interest expense
5
14
19
49
52
50
1
1
Stock-based compensation
15
13
9
57
27
33
15
47
39
Former Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
29
(2
(4
Accounting review and remediation costs
4
4
12
(4
(2
3
11
3
17
2
4
1
1
2
258
199
165
In our internal evaluations
 we use the non-U.S. GAAP financial measure &#8220;operating free cash flow from continuing operations.&#8221; The difference between operating free cash flow from continuing operations and cash flow provided by or used in operating activities from continuing operations
 which is the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure
 is that operating free cash flow from continuing operations reflects the impact of capital expenditures. Since capital spending is essential to maintaining our operational capabilities
 we believe that it is a recurring and necessary use of cash. As such
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
196
156
39
Purchase of property
(71
(60
(75
125
96
(36
Obligations for all debt instruments
 finance and operating leases and other contractual obligations as of June&#160;30
237
4
232
115
13
27
22
52
234
202
31
588
221
292
22
52
As of June&#160;30
 2021
 we had non-current unrecognized tax benefits of $22.9 million for which we are not able to reasonably estimate the timing of future cash flows. As a result
We believe that our cash on hand of $75.9 million at June&#160;30
 2021 as well as projected cash flows from operations and availability under our Amended Credit Agreement are sufficient to fund our working capital needs in the ordinary course of business
At&#160;June&#160;30
 2021
The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements
 which are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 2
 
 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. The policies below have been identified as the critical accounting policies we use which require us to make estimates and assumptions and exercise judgment that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and amounts of income and expenses during the reporting periods presented. We believe in the quality and reasonableness of our critical accounting estimates; however
 materially different amounts might be reported under different conditions or using assumptions
 estimates or making judgments different from those that we have applied. Our critical accounting policies
 including our methodology for estimates made and assumptions used
The Company sells its products through specialty and natural food distributors
 supermarkets
 natural foods stores
 mass-market and e-commerce retailers
 food service channels and club
he majority of our revenue contracts represent a single performance obligation related to the fulfillment of customer orders for the purchase of our products. We recognize revenue as performance obligations are fulfilled when control passes to our customers. Our customer contracts typically contain standard terms and conditions. In instances where formal written contracts are not in place we consider the customer purchase orders to be contracts based on the criteria outlined in ASC 606
. Payment terms and conditions vary by customer and are based on the billing schedule established in our contracts or purchase orders with customers
 but we generally provide credit terms to customers ranging from 15-60 days; therefore
Sales to customers generally do not include more than one performance obligation. When a contract does contain more than one performance obligation
We have determined that we satisfy our performance obligations related to our customer contracts at a point in time
 as opposed to over time
 and
 accordingly
 revenue is recognized at a point in time. Therefore
Sales includes shipping and handling charges billed to the customer and are reported net of discounts
 trade promotions and sales incentives
 consumer coupon programs and other costs
 including estimated allowances for returns
 allowances and discounts associated with aged or potentially unsalable product
In addition to fixed contract consideration
 many of our contracts include some form of variable consideration. We offer various trade promotions and sales incentive programs to customers and consumers
 such as price discounts
 slotting fees
 in-store display incentives
 cooperative advertising programs
 new product introduction fees and coupons. The expenses associated with these programs are accounted for as reductions to the transaction price of our products and are therefore deducted from our sales to determine reported net sales. Trade promotions and sales incentive accruals are subject to significant management estimates and assumptions. The critical assumptions used in estimating the accruals for trade promotions and sales incentives include management&#8217;s estimate of expected levels of performance and redemption rates. Management exercises judgment in developing these assumptions. These assumptions are based upon historical performance of the retailer or distributor customers with similar types of promotions adjusted for current trends. The Company regularly reviews and revises
 when deemed necessary
ing categories. As credit losses have been within our expectations in recent years and as no customers represented more than 10% of accounts receivable
 June&#160;30
 2021
Based on cash collection history and other statistical analysis
We may not have the same experience with our receivables during different economic conditions
 or with changes in business conditions
Fixed assets and amortizable intangible assets are reviewed for impairment as events or changes in circumstances occur indicating that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. Undiscounted cash flow analyses are used to determine if impairment exists. If impairment is determined to exist
Goodwill and intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives are not amortized but rather are tested at least annually for impairment
Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit represents an operating segment or a component of an operating segment. Goodwill is tested for impairment by either performing a qualitative evaluation or a two-step quantitative test. The qualitative evaluation is an assessment of factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 including goodwill. We may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment for some or all reporting units and perform a two-step quantitative impairment test. The estimate of the fair values of our reporting units are based on the best information available as of the date of the assessment. We generally use a blended analysis of the present value of discounted cash flows and the market valuation approach. The discounted cash flow model uses the present values of estimated future cash flows. Considerable management judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact of operating and external economic factors in estimating our future cash flows. The assumptions we use in our evaluations include projections of growth rates and profitability
 our estimated working capital needs
 as well as our weighted average cost of capital. The market valuation approach indicates the fair value of a reporting unit based on a comparison to comparable publicly traded firms in similar businesses. Estimates used in the market value approach include the identification of similar companies with comparable business factors. Changes in economic and operating conditions impacting the assumptions we made could result in additional goodwill impairment in future periods. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds fair value
 goodwill is considered impaired. The amount of the impairment is the difference between the carrying value of the goodwill and the &#8220;implied&#8221; fair value
Indefinite-lived intangible assets consist primarily of acquired tradenames and trademarks. We first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. We measure the fair value of these assets using the relief from royalty method. This method assumes that the tradenames and trademarks have value to the extent their owner is relieved from paying royalties for the benefits received. We estimate the future revenues for the associated brands
The Company completed its annual goodwill impairment analysis in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021
 in conjunction with its budgeting and forecasting process for fiscal year 2022
As of&#160;June&#160;30
 2021
 the carrying value of goodwill was&#160;$871.1 million. For the fiscal 2021 impairment analysis
 the Company performed the qualitative assessment for all of its reporting units with the exception of the Hain U.S. and Hain Canada reporting units where a quantitative assessment was performed. The estimated fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value based on the analysis performed. For the Hain U.S. and Hain Canada reporting units
 the quantitative analysis was performed
 and it was found that the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by 110% and 230%
 respectively. Holding all other assumptions used in the 2021 fair value measurement constant
 a 100-basis-point increase in the weighted average cost of capital would not result in the carrying value of the reporting units to be in excess of the fair value. The fair values were based on significant management assumptions including an estimate of future cash flows. If assumptions are not achieved or market conditions decline
Indefinite-lived intangible assets are evaluated on an annual basis in conjunction with the Company&#8217;s evaluation of goodwill
 or on an interim basis if and when events or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of any of its indefinite-life intangible assets below their carrying value. In assessing fair value
 the Company utilizes a &#8220;relief from royalty payments&#8221; methodology. This approach involves two steps: (i) estimating the royalty rates for each trademark and (ii) applying these royalty rates to a projected net sales stream and discounting the resulting cash flows to determine fair value. If the carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets exceeds the fair value of the asset
The result of the annual assessment for the year ended June&#160;30
During the second and third quarters of fiscal 2020
 the Company determined that indicators of impairment existed in certain of the Company&#8217;s indefinite-lived tradenames in association with the sale or discontinuation of certain businesses and brands. The Company performed interim impairment analyses during the year
 and determined that the fair value of certain of the Company&#8217;s tradenames was below their carrying value
). For the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2019
See also Note 9
 
 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K
The Company uses the fair market value of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the grant date to measure fair value for service-based and performance-based awards and a Monte Carlo simulation model to determine the fair value of market-based awards. The use of the Monte Carlo simulation model requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions
 such as expected volatility
 expected term and risk-free interest rate. The fair value of stock-based compensation awards is recognized as an expense over the vesting period using the straight-line method. For awards that contain a market condition
For restricted stock awards which include performance criteria
Deferred tax assets arise when we recognize expenses in our financial statements that will be allowed as income tax deductions in future periods. Deferred tax assets also include unused tax net operating losses and tax credits that we are allowed to carry forward to future years. Accounting rules permit us to carry deferred tax assets on the balance sheet at full value as long as it is &#8220;more likely than not&#8221; that the deductions
 losses or credits will be used in the future. A valuation allowance must be recorded against a deferred tax asset if this test cannot be met. Our determination of our valuation allowances is based upon a number of assumptions
 judgments and estimates
 including forecasted earnings
 future taxable income and the relative proportions of revenue and income before taxes in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Concluding that a valuation allowance is not required is difficult when there is significant negative evidence that is objective and verifiable
We have deferred tax assets related to foreign net operating losses
 primarily in the United Kingdom and to a lesser extent in Belgium
 against which we have recorded valuation allowances. The losses in the United Kingdom were recorded prior to the acquisition of Daniels. Under current tax law in these jurisdictions
During fiscal 2020 and 2019
 we recorded a valuation allowance against a majority of our state deferred tax assets and state net operating loss carryforwards as it was not more likely than not that the state tax attributes will be realized. In fiscal 2021
 the Company had positive results in the United States and
 thus
 state-level taxable income. This resulted in an expected utilization of certain of the state deferred tax assets which were previously reserved.  Valuation allowances reversed were based on this positive evidence
 in addition to other positive evidence
See Note 2
 
Certain of our product lines have seasonal fluctuations. Hot tea
 hot-eating desserts and soup sales are stronger in colder months
 while sales of snack foods
 sunscreen and certain of our personal care products are stronger in the warmer months. As such
 our results of operations and our cash flows for any particular quarter are not indicative of the results we expect for the full year
 and our historical seasonality may not be indicative of future quarterly results of operations. In recent years
The principal market risks (i.e.
foreign exchange rates
We centrally manage our debt and cash equivalents
 considering investment opportunities and risks
 tax consequences and overall financing strategies. Our cash equivalents consist primarily of money market funds or their equivalent. As of June&#160;30
 2021
 we had $230 million of variable rate debt outstanding under our Amended Credit Agreement. During fiscal 2021
 the Company used interest rate swaps to hedge a portion of the interest rate risk related its outstanding variable rate debt. As of June&#160;30
 2021
 the notional amount of the interest rate swaps was $230 million for which we pay a weighted average fixed rate of 1.62%. Assuming current cash equivalents
 variable rate borrowings and the effects of the interest rate swaps
Operating in international markets involves exposure to movements in currency exchange rates
 which are volatile at times
 and the impact of such movements
 if material
During fiscal 2021
 approximately&#160;52%&#160;of our consolidated net sales were generated from sales outside the United States
 while such sales outside the United States were&#160;51%&#160;of net sales in fiscal 2020 and 50% of net sales in fiscal 2019. These revenues
 along with related expenses and capital purchases
ily in British Pounds Sterling
 Euros and Canadian Dollars. Sales and operating income would have decreased by approximately $53.2 million and $3.0 million
spectively
 if average foreign exchange rates had been lower by 5% against the U.S. Dollar in fiscal 2021. These amounts were determined by considering the impact of a hypothetical foreign exchange rate on the sales and operating income of the Company&#8217;s international operations. To reduce that risk
 the Company may enter into certain derivative financial instruments
 when available on a cost-effective basis
&#160;in notional amounts of cross-currency swaps and foreign currency exchange contracts at June&#160;30
 2021. See Note 16
 
 during the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
The Company purchases ingredient inputs such as almonds
 coconut oil
 corn
 dairy
 fruit and vegetables
 oils
 rice
 soybeans
 oats and wheat
 as well as packaging materials
 to be used in its operations. These inputs are subject to price fluctuations that may create price risk. We do not attempt to hedge against fluctuations in the prices of the ingredients by using future
 forward
 option or other derivative instruments. As a result
 the majority of our future purchases of these items are subject to changes in price. We may enter into fixed purchase commitments in an attempt to secure an adequate supply of specific ingredients. These agreements are tied to specific market prices. Market risk is estimated as a hypothetical 10% increase or decrease in the weighted average cost of our primary inputs as of June&#160;30
the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2021
The following consolidated financial statements of The Hain Celestial Group
Consolidated Balance Sheets - June&#160;30
Consolidated Statements of Operations - Fiscal Years ended June&#160;30
 2021
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) - Fiscal Years ended June&#160;30
 2021
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#8217; Equity - Fiscal Years ended June&#160;30
 2021
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Fiscal Years ended June&#160;30
 2021
The following consolidated financial statement schedule of The Hain Celestial Group
The Hain Celestial Group
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company) as of June 30
 2021 and 2020
 the related consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive income (loss)
 stockholders&#8217; equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30
 2021
 and the related notes and the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the &#8220;consolidated financial statements&#8221;). In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company at June 30
 2021 and 2020
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30
 2021
We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
 the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of June 30
 2021
 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated August 26
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging
 subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements
 taken as a whole
 and we are not
 by communicating the critical audit matter below
For the year ended June 30
 2021
 the Company&#8217;s reported net sales from continuing operations was $2.0 billion. As described in Note 2 of the 2021 consolidated financial statements
 the Company provides certain retailers and distributors with trade and promotional incentive programs
Auditing the estimate of trade promotions and sales incentives is complex because the revenue recognized is determined based on significant management estimates. In particular
 estimates are made for price discounts
 slotting fees
 in-store display incentives
 cooperative advertising programs
 new product introduction fees and coupons. These estimates are based on historical performance of the retailer or distributor
 types of promotions
 and adjustments for current trends
We obtained an understanding
 evaluated the design
 and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company&#8217;s trade promotions and sales incentives estimation process. For example
 we tested controls over management&#8217;s review of the significant assumptions
 such as the historical rate and timing of deductions
Among other tests
 we tested the results of the Company's retrospective review analysis of price concessions claimed by distributors and retailers as compared to levels of performance and redemption rates used in the estimate
 evaluated the estimates used by comparing them to historical trends
 and performed sensitivity analyses over the Company's significant assumptions. We also performed detailed transactional testing of customer deduction data underlying the estimate to validate the nature
 timing and amount of deductions taken. Additionally
Jericho
August&#160;26
THE HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP
JUNE&#160;30
 2021 AND JUNE 30
(In thousands
June 30
75
37
Accounts receivable

314
174
170
285
248
39
95
1
8
577
560
Property
 plant and equipment
312
289
871
861
Trademarks and other intangible assets
314
346
16
17
92
88
21
24
2
205
2
188
171
171
117
124
1
3
290
300
Long-term debt
230
281
42
51
Operating lease liabilities
85
82
33
28
683
744
 par value
5
 par value
150
109
109


101

1
1
1
187
1
171
691
614
73
171
1
806
1
615
Less: Treasury stock
 at cost

7

283
172
1
522
1
443
2
205
2
188
THE HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP
FISCAL YEARS ENDED JUNE 30
 2021
(In thousands
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
1
970
2
053
2
104
1
478
1
588
1
706
491
465
398
Selling
299
324
314
8
11
13
18
48
40
Former Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
30
2
4
Accounting review and remediation costs
4
57
27
33
107
56
32
Interest and other financing expense
8
18
22
Other (income) expense
10
3
108
33
56
41
6
3
1
1
66
25
53
Net income (loss) from discontinued operations
11
106
129
77
80
183
100
103
104
101
103
104
THE HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP
FISCAL YEARS ENDED JUNE 30
 2021
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
77
80
183
85
85
37
37
41
41
16
16
95
95
1
4
3
3
2
97
98
52
53
41
41
175
26
224
THE HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP
FISCAL YEARS ENDED JUNE 30 2021
(In thousands
Balance at June 30
108
1
1
148
878
4
106
184
1
737
183
183
41
41
3
3
10
10
Balance at June 30
108
1
1
158
695
4
110
225
1
519
THE HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP
FISCAL YEARS ENDED JUNE 30 2021
(In thousands
Balance at June 30
108
1
1
158
695
4
110
225
1
519
80
80
53
53
1
1
2
60
60
13
13
Balance at June 30
109
1
1
171
614
7
172
171
1
443
77
77
98
98
4
4
3
107
107
15
15
Balance at June 30
109
1
1
187
691
10
283
73
1
522
THE HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP
FISCAL YEARS ENDED JUNE 30
 
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
77
80
183
11
106
129
66
25
53
49
52
50
9
36
23
1
1
Stock-based compensation
15
13
9
57
27
33
4
2
3
Other non-cash items
1
(Decrease) increase in cash attributable to changes in operating assets and liabilities
2
33
26
38
33
30
55
45
7
5
3
10
31
33
196
156
39
Purchases of property
71
60
75
10
Proceeds from sale of businesses
58
15
7
2
45
68
241
262
285
291
401
268
206
90
305
56
Repayments of other debt
2
2
2
106
60
4
1
3
162
104
22
6
1
5
1
297
36
299
57
8
19
38
1
73
37
39
113
75
37
39
8
75
37
31
THE HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP
(Amounts in thousands
The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 was founded in 1993 and is headquartered in Lake Success
 New York. The Company&#8217;s mission has continued to evolve since its founding
 with health and wellness being the core tenet. The Company continues to be a leading marketer
 manufacturer and seller of organic and natural
 &#8220;better-for-you&#8221; products by anticipating and exceeding consumer expectations in providing quality
 innovation
 value and convenience. The Company is committed to growing sustainably while continuing to implement environmentally sound business practices and manufacturing processes. Hain Celestial sells its products through specialty and natural food distributors
 supermarkets
natural food stores
 mass-market and e-commerce retailers
 food service channels and club
The Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  Investments in affiliated companies in which the Company exercises significant influence
 but which it does not control
 are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. As such
Unless otherwise indicated
 references in these consolidated financial statements to 2021
 2020 and 2019 or &#8220;fiscal&#8221; 2021
 2020 and 2019 or other years refer to our fiscal year ended June 30 of that respective year and references to 2022 or &#8220;fiscal&#8221; 2022 refer to our fiscal year ending June 30
The financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (&#8220;U.S. GAAP&#8221;). The accounting principles we use require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and amounts of income and expenses during the reporting periods presented. These estimates include
 among others
 revenue recognition
 trade promotions and sales incentives
 valuation of accounts and chargeback receivables
 valuation of long-lived assets
 goodwill and intangible assets
 stock-based compensation
 and valuation allowances for deferred tax assets. We believe in the quality and reasonableness of our critical accounting estimates; however
The Company considers cash and cash equivalents to include cash in banks
The Company sells its products through specialty and natural food distributors
 supermarkets
 natural foods stores
 mass-market and e-commerce retailers
 food service channels and club
Our customer contracts typically contain standard terms and conditions. In instances where formal written contracts are not in place we consider the customer purchase orders to be contracts based on the criteria outlined in Accounting Standard Codification (&#8220;ASC 606&#8221;)
Payment terms and conditions vary by customer and are based on the billing schedule established in our contracts or purchase orders with customers

Sales includes shipping and handling charges billed to the customer and are reported net of discounts
 trade promotions and sales incentives
 consumer coupon programs and other costs
 including estimated allowances for returns
 allowances and discounts associated with aged or potentially unsalable product
In addition to fixed contract consideration
 many of our contracts include some form of variable consideration.  We offer various trade promotions and sales incentive programs to customers and consumers
 such as price discounts
 slotting fees
 in-store display incentives
 cooperative advertising programs
 new product introduction fees and coupons. The expenses associated with these programs are accounted for as reductions to the transaction price of our products and are therefore deducted from our net sales to determine reported net sales.  Trade promotions and sales incentive accruals are subject to significant management estimates and assumptions. The critical assumptions used in estimating the accruals for trade promotions and sales incentives include management&#8217;s estimate of expected levels of performance and redemption rates. Management exercises judgment in developing these assumptions. These assumptions are based upon historical performance of the retailer or distributor customers with similar types of promotions adjusted for current trends. The Company regularly reviews and revises
 when deemed necessary
As our contracts are generally shorter than one year
 the Company has elected a practical expedient under ASC 606 that allows the Company to expense as incurred the incremental costs of obtaining a contract if the contract period is for one year or less.  These costs are included in the selling
The Company routinely performs credit evaluations on existing and new customers and maintains an allowance for expected uncollectible accounts receivable which is recorded as an offset to trade accounts receivable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Effective July 1
 2020
 collectability of accounts receivable is assessed by applying a historical loss-rate methodology in accordance with ASC Topic 326
 
 adjusted as necessary based on the Company's review of accounts receivable on an individual basis
 specifically identifying customers with known disputes or collectability issues
 and experience with trade receivable aging categories. The Company also considers market conditions and current and expected future economic conditions to inform adjustments to historical loss data. Changes to the allowance
 if any
% of trade receivables balances as of&#160;June&#160;30
 2021&#160;and&#160;2020
 respectively
Based on cash collection history and other statistical analysis
%
% of sales during the fiscal years ended&#160;June&#160;30
 2021
&#160;2020&#160;and&#160;2019
%
%&#160;of sales during the fiscal years ended&#160;June&#160;30
 2021
&#160;2020 and&#160;2019
In addition
 cash and cash equivalents are maintained with several financial institutions. Deposits held with banks may exceed the amount of insurance provided on such deposits. Generally
Inventory is valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value
 utilizing the first-in
Property
Property
 plant and equipment is carried at cost and depreciated or amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives or lease term (for leasehold improvements)
 whichever is shorter.  The Company believes the useful lives assigned to our property
 plant and equipment are within ranges generally used in consumer products manufacturing and distribution businesses.  The Company&#8217;s manufacturing plants and distribution centers
 and their related assets
 are reviewed when impairment indicators are present by analyzing underlying cash flow projections.  The Company believes no impairment of the carrying value of such assets exists other than as disclosed under Note 7
Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net
and Note 5
Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the respective initial lease term or the estimated useful life of the assets
Goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized but rather are tested at least annually for impairment
Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit is an operating segment or a component of an operating segment. Goodwill is tested for impairment by either performing a qualitative evaluation or a quantitative test. The qualitative evaluation is an assessment of factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 including goodwill. We may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment for some or all reporting units and perform a quantitative impairment test. The impairment test for goodwill requires the Company to compare the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value
 including goodwill. The Company uses a blended analysis of a discounted cash flow model and a market valuation approach to determine the fair values of its reporting units. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 the Company would then compare the carrying value of the goodwill to its implied fair value in order to determine the amount of the impairment
Indefinite-lived intangible assets
 which are not amortized
 consist primarily of acquired trademarks and tradenames. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are evaluated on an annual basis in conjunction with the Company&#8217;s evaluation of goodwill
 or on an interim basis if and when events or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of any of its indefinite-life intangible assets below their carrying value. In assessing fair value
 the Company utilizes a &#8220;relief from royalty&#8221; methodology. This approach involves two steps: (i) estimating the royalty rates for each trademark and (ii) applying these royalty rates to a projected net sales stream and discounting the resulting cash flows to determine fair value. If the carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets exceeds the fair value of the asset
This method includes significant management assumptions such as revenue growth rates
See Note 9
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
The Company accounts for transfers of financial assets
 such as non-recourse accounts receivable factoring arrangements
 when the Company has surrendered control over the related assets. Determining whether control has transferred requires an evaluation of relevant legal considerations
96

 2021


 amounts were sold in the year ended June&#160;30
factoring receivables under this arrangement is included in Interest and other financing expense
Included in cost of sales are the cost of products sold
 including the costs of raw materials and labor and overhead required to produce the products
 warehousing
 distribution
 supply chain costs
Gains and losses arising from intercompany foreign currency transactions that are not of a long-term nature and certain transactions of the Company&#8217;s subsidiaries which are denominated in currencies other than the subsidiaries&#8217; functional currency are recognized as incurred in Other (income) expense
Selling
Included in Selling
 general and administrative expenses are advertising costs
 promotion costs not paid directly to the Company&#8217;s customers
 salary and related benefit costs of the Company&#8217;s employees in the finance
 human resources
 information technology
 legal
 sales and marketing functions
 facility related costs of the Company&#8217;s administrative functions
 research and development costs
Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and are included in selling



11

Advertising costs
 which are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses



23
In July of 2019



2
 of proceeds in the third quarter of fiscal 2020. In fiscal 2021
The Company follows the liability method of accounting for income taxes.  Under the liability method
The Company recognizes liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process prescribed by the authoritative guidance. The first step requires the Company to determine if the weight of available evidence indicates that the tax position has met the threshold for recognition; therefore
 the Company must evaluate whether it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit
 including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes.  The second step requires the Company to measure the tax benefit of the tax position taken
 or expected to be taken
 in an income tax return as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement.  The Company reevaluates the uncertain tax positions each period based on factors including
 but not limited to
 changes in facts or circumstances
 changes in tax law
 effectively settled issues under audit
 and new audit activity.  Depending on the jurisdiction
The fair value of financial instruments is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties.  At June 30
 2021 and 2020
 the Company had $
 respectively
 invested in money market funds
 which are classified as cash equivalents.  At June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020
 the carrying values of financial instruments such as accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses and other current liabilities
 as well as borrowings under our credit facility and other borrowings
Issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;)
 ASC 815
 (&#8220;ASC 815&#8221;)
 provides the disclosure requirements for derivatives and hedging activities with the intent to provide users of financial statements with an enhanced understanding of: (a) how and why an entity uses derivative instruments
 (b) how the entity accounts for derivative instruments and related hedged items and (c) how derivative instruments and related hedged items affect an entity&#8217;s financial position
 financial performance and cash flows. Further
 qualitative disclosures are required that explain the Company&#8217;s objectives and strategies for using derivatives
 as well as quantitative disclosures about the fair value of and gains and losses on derivative instruments
As required by ASC 815
 the Company records all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value.  The accounting for changes in the fair value of derivatives depends on the intended use of the derivative
 whether the Company has elected to designate a derivative in a hedging relationship and apply hedge accounting and whether the hedging relationship has satisfied the criteria necessary to apply hedge accounting. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset
 liability or firm commitment attributable to a particular risk
 such as interest rate risk
 are considered fair value hedges. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows
 or other types of forecasted transactions
 are considered cash flow hedges. Derivatives may also be designated as hedges of the foreign currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation. Hedge accounting generally provides for the matching of the timing of gain or loss recognition on the hedging instrument with the recognition of the changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk in a fair value hedge or the earnings effect of the hedged forecasted transactions in a cash flow hedge. The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivative instruments that qualify for cash flow hedge and net investment hedge accounting treatment are recognized in stockholders&#8217; equity as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive loss until the hedged item is recognized in earnings.  Changes in the fair value of fair value hedges
 derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment
 as well as the ineffective portion of any cash flow hedges
 are recognized currently in earnings as a component of other (income) expense
 net or interest and other financing expense
 net in the accompanying financial statements.  The Company may enter into derivative contracts that are intended to economically hedge certain of its risks
The Company uses the fair market value of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the grant date to measure fair value for service-based and performance-based awards
 and a Monte Carlo simulation model to determine the fair value of market-based awards. The fair value of stock-based compensation awards is recognized as an expense over the vesting period using the straight-line method.  For awards that contain a market condition
 expense is recognized over the defined or derived service period using a Monte Carlo simulation model.  Compensation expense is recognized for these awards on a straight-line basis over the service period
 regardless of the eventual number of shares that are earned based upon the market condition
For restricted stock awards which include performance criteria
The Company periodically evaluates the carrying value of long-lived assets
 other than goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives
 held and used in the business when events and circumstances occur indicating that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable.  An impairment test is performed when the estimated undiscounted cash flows associated with the asset or group of assets is less than their carrying value.  Once such impairment test is performed
 a loss is recognized based on the amount
 if any
See Note 7
Property
 Plant and Equipment
Net
 and Note 5
Dispositions
Effective July 1
 2019
 arrangements containing leases are evaluated as an operating or finance lease at lease inception. For operating leases
With the exception of certain finance leases
 an implicit rate of return is not readily determinable for the Company's leases. For these leases
Operating lease assets are presented as operating lease ROU assets
 and corresponding operating lease liabilities are presented within accrued expenses and other current liabilities (current portions)
 and as operating lease liabilities
 noncurrent portion
 on the Company&#8217;s Consolidated Balance Sheet. Finance lease assets are included in property
 plant and equipment
 net
 and corresponding finance lease liabilities are included within current portion of long-term debt and long-term debt
 less current portion
In June 2016
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-13
 
 which requires measurement and recognition of expected versus incurred credit losses for most financial assets. The ASU applies to trade and other receivables recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company adopted the standard on July 1
 2020 using the modified retrospective transition method
 reflecting the cumulative impact of adoption. The adoption did not materially impact the Company's results of operations or financial position
 and as a result
In January 2017
 the FASB issued ASU 2017-04
 
 which removes the second step of the goodwill impairment test that requires a hypothetical purchase price allocation. A goodwill impairment will now be the amount by which a reporting unit&#8217;s carrying value exceeds its fair value
 not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. This guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2019. The Company adopted ASU 2017-04 on July 1
 2020
In August 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-13
 
 which modifies the disclosure requirements for fair value measurement by removing
 modifying or adding certain disclosures. The new guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2019
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted ASU 2018-13 on July 1
 2020
In August 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-15
 

 which aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. The amended guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2019
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted ASU 2018-15 on July 1
 2020
In December 2019
 the FASB issued ASU 2019-12
 
 which simplifies various aspects related to accounting for income taxes and eliminates certain exceptions related to the approach for intraperiod tax allocation
 the methodology for calculating taxes during the quarters and the recognition of deferred tax liabilities for outside basis differences. The new guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2021
In March 2020
 the FASB issued ASU 2020-04
 
 which provides temporary optional expedients and exceptions for applying generally accepted accounting principles to contracts
 hedging relationships and other transactions affected by reference rate reform. ASU 2020-04 is currently effective and upon adoption may be applied prospectively to contract modifications made on or before December 31
 2022. In January 2021
 the FASB issued ASU 2021-01
 
 which clarifies certain provisions in Topic 848
 if elected by an entity
 to apply to derivative instruments that use an interest rate for margining
 discounting
In October 2020
 the FASB issued ASU 2020-10
. This ASU improves consistency by amending the codification to include all disclosure guidance in the appropriate disclosure sections and clarifies application of various provisions in the codification by amending and adding new headings
 cross referencing to other guidance
 and refining or correcting terminology. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
On June 24
 2018
 the Company entered into a CEO succession plan
 whereby the Company&#8217;s former CEO
 Irwin D. Simon

. These costs were recognized from June 24
 2018 through November 4
 2018
 at which time the Company&#8217;s new CEO
 Mark L. Schiller


 2019. The cash separation payment was paid on May 6
 2019. Additionally
 the Succession Agreement allowed for acceleration of vesting of all service-based awards outstanding at the termination of Mr. Simon&#8217;s employment. In connection with these accelerations
 ratably through November 4
 2018. The aforementioned impacts were recorded in Former Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
During the three months ended September 30
 2018
rdingly


On October 26
 2018
 the Company and Mr. Simon entered into a consulting agreement (the &#8220;Consulting Agreement&#8221;) in order to
 among other things
 assist Mr. Schiller with his transition as the Company&#8217;s incoming CEO. The term of the Consulting Agreement commenced on November 5
 2018 and continued until February 5
 as compensation for his services during the consulting term
 which was fully recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Operations as a component of Former Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
 net in the twelve months ended June 30
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
66
25
53
&#160;&#160;&#160;Net income (loss) from discontinued operations
11
106
129
77
80
183
100
103
104
&#160;&#160;&#160;Effect of dilutive stock options
1
101
103
104
Basic net income (loss) per share excludes the dilutive effects of stock options
Due to our net loss from continuing operations in the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2019
Diluted earnings per share for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020 includes the dilutive effects of common stock equivalents such as stock options and unvested restricted stock awards.    
 restricted stock awards and stock options excluded from our calculation of diluted net income (loss) per share for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2021
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 as such awards were anti-dilutive.  Additionally
 there were 

3

 2021
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 as such awards were contingently issuable based on market or performance conditions
On June 28
 2021
 the Company completed the divestiture of its crispbread crackers business
At closing
June 28
1
Property
 plant and equipment
Other intangible assets
2
4
1
1
The Company deconsolidated the net assets of GG during the twelve months ended June&#160;30
 2021

On April 15
 2021
 the Company completed the divestiture of its North America non-dairy beverages business
 brands




 and the sale aligns with the Company&#8217;s portfolio simplification process. The business operated out of the United States and Canada and was part of the Company&#8217;s North America reportable segment. At closing
April 15
6
8
Other intangible assets
7
23
The Company deconsolidated the net assets of the North American non-dairy beverage business during the twelve months ended June&#160;30
 2021

In August 2020
 the Company's Board of Directors approved a plan to sell its prepared fresh fruit
 fresh fruit drinks and fresh fruit desserts division (Fruit)
Foods Limited business and associated brands. This decision supported the Company's overall strategy as the Fruit business did not align
 and had limited synergies
 with the rest of the Company's businesses. The sale was completed on January 13

nd was included in the Company's International reportable segment
% of the Company's net sales during the twelve months ended June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020
et and classified the assets and liabilities of the Fruit business as held for sale as of September 30 and December 31
 2020
 recognizing a pre-tax non-cash loss to reduce the carrying value to its estimated fair value


At the closing date
January 13
13
Accounts receivable
14
5
2
Property
 plant and equipment
25
14
Other intangible assets
36
5
58
58
14
4
5
7
1
32
The Company deconsolidated the net assets of the Fruit business during the twelve months ended June&#160;30
 2021

The Company entered into a definitive stock purchase agreement on June 30
 2020 for the sale of its Danival business
 a component of the International reportable segment
 and the transaction closed on July 21
 2020. As of June 30
 2020
 the Company determined the held for sale criteria was met

3

 2020. These assets and liabilities were previously presented within Prepaid and other current assets and Accrued expenses and other liabilities
 respectively
 in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30
 2020 and have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation. The Company deconsolidated the net assets of the Danival business upon the closing of the sale during the twelve months ended June&#160;30
 2021
Additionally
 relating to a previous disposition during the twelve months ended June&#160;30
On August 27
 2019


 subject to customary post-closing adjustments based on the balance sheets of the Tilda business. The other assets sold in the transaction consisted of raw materials
 consumables
 packaging
 and finished and unfinished goods related to the Tilda business held by other Company entities that are not Tilda Group Entities. In January 2020
 the Company and the Purchaser agreed to fully resolve all matters relating to post-closing adjustments to the sale price

The Company also entered into certain ancillary agreements with the Purchaser and certain of the Tilda Group Entities in connection with the sale
 including a transitional services agreement (the TSA) pursuant to which the Company and the Purchaser provided transitional services to one another
 and business transfer agreements pursuant to which the applicable Tilda Group Entities would transfer certain non-Tilda assets and liabilities in India and the United Arab Emirates to subsidiaries of the Company to be formed in those countries. Additionally
 the Company distributed certain Tilda products in the United States
The following table presents the major classes of Tilda&#8217;s results within Net income (loss) from discontinued operations
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
30
197
26
151
3
46
Selling
5
26
1
2
2
13
95
9
90
4
11
12
Net income (loss) from discontinued operations
11
103
3
(2) At the completion of the sale of Tilda

cumulated other comprehensive loss to discontinued operations
11

 2021


There were no assets or liabilities from discontinued operations associated with Tilda  as of June&#160;30
 2021 and June&#160;30
In March 2018
 the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors approved a plan to sell all of the operations of the Hain Pure Protein Corporation (&#8220;HPPC&#8221;) operating segment
 which included the Plainville Farms and FreeBird businesses
 and the EK Holdings
 Inc. (&#8220;Empire Kosher&#8221; or &#8220;Empire&#8221;) operating segment
 which were reported in the aggregate as the Hain Pure Protein reportable segment.  Collectively
109

 to adjust the carrying value of Hain Pure Protein and Empire Kosher to its fair value
 less its cost to sell
 which is reflected in net (loss) income from discontinued operations
 net of taxes. The reserve was recorded due to negative market conditions in the sector
On February 15
 2019
 the Company completed the sale of substantially all of the assets used primarily for Plainville (a component of HPPC)


 for a nominal purchase price. In addition
 the purchaser assumed the current liabilities of Plainville as of the closing date. As a condition to consummating the sale
 the Company entered into a Contingent Funding and Earnout Agreement


 in the aggregate
% of the maximum amount that the purchaser draws on the Letter of Credit at any point from the date of issuance through the expiration of the Letter of Credit. Earnout payments are based on a specified percentage of annual free cash flow achieved for all fiscal years ending on or prior to June 30
 2026. If a subsequent change in control of Plainville occurs prior to June 30
 2026
he purchaser. At June&#160;30
 2021
n




 in the twelve months ended June&#160;30
 2019 to write down the assets and liabilities to the final sales price less costs to sell
On June 28
 2019
 the Company completed the sale of the remainder of HPPC and EK Holdings
and Empire Kosher businesses. The purchase price
 net of customary adjustments based on the closing balance sheet of HPPC


 in the twelve months ended June&#160;30
The following table presents the major classes of Hain Pure Protein&#8217;s line items constituting the Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
408
409
1
109
Selling
16
9
3
40
3
176
43
Net loss from discontinued operations
2
133
There were no assets or liabilities from discontinued operations associated with Hain Pure Protein as of June&#160;30
June 30
June 30
187
158
Raw materials
97
90
285
248
In the twelve months ended June&#160;30
 2021 and June&#160;30
 2020
4

 respectively
PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Property
 plant and equipment
June 30
June 30
13
13
58
74
306
288
65
60
23
20
54
40
21
16
543
514
230
225
312
289
Depreciation expense for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2021



28

During fiscal year 2021


 during fiscal year 2021
 the Company completed the sale of its manufacturing facility in Moonachie


 property
 plant and equipment


 was recorded related to a facility in the United Kingdom which was held for sale as of June&#160;30
 2021; the remaining property
 plant and equipment


During fiscal 2020


 machinery and equipment in the United States and Europe used to manufacture certain slow moving or low margin SKUs
During fiscal 2019
 the Company determined that it was more likely than not that certain fixed assets of two of its manufacturing facilities would be sold or otherwise disposed of before the end of their estimated useful lives due to the Company&#8217;s decision to consolidate manufacturing of certain fruit-based and soup products in the United Kingdom. As such




The Company leases office space
 warehouse and distribution facilities
Certain of the Company&#8217;s leases contain variable lease payments
 which are expensed as incurred unless those payments are based on an index or rate. Variable lease payments based on an index or rate are initially measured using the index or rate in effect at lease commencement and included in the measurement of the lease liability; thereafter
 changes to lease payments due to rate or index changes are recorded as variable lease expense in the period incurred. The Company does not have any related party leases
The components of lease expenses for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
June 30
June 30
16
18
1
1
2
2
1
20
24
 For the fiscal year ended June 30
 2020

505
 respectively
 of ROU asset impairment charges associated with the Company&#8217;s ongoing productivity and transformation initiatives. Of this amount
June 30
June 30
92
88
Finance lease ROU assets
Property
 plant and equipment
92
88
10
12
Operating lease liabilities
85
82
Long-term debt
97
95
June 30
June 30
16
17
25
104
1
 ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations includes the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-02 effective July 1
 2019 (see Note 2) and leases which commenced
 were modified or terminated during the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
Maturities of lease liabilities as of June&#160;30
13
13
14
14
12
12
11
11
10
10
52
52
115
116
18
19
96
97
Maturities of lease liabilities as of June&#160;30
14
15
13
14
12
12
10
10
9
9
51
51
113
114
18
18
95
95
Balance as of June 30
612
263
875
5
5
Translation and other adjustments
1
6
8
Balance as of June&#160;30
606
255
861
8
14
22
Translation and other adjustments
3
28
31
Balance as of June 30
600
270
871
The Company completed its annual goodwill impairment analysis in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021
 in conjunction with its budgeting and forecasting process for fiscal year 2022
During January 2021
 the Company completed the divestiture of its Fruit business
14
During April 2021
 the Company completed the divestiture of its Dream business
8
On October 7
 2019
 the Company completed the divestiture of its Arrowhead and SunSpire businesses
 components of the United States reporting unit





During March 2020
 the Company completed the divestiture of its Europe's Best and Casbah businesses
During May 2020
 the Company completed the divestiture of its Rudi&#8217;s business
During June 2020
 in anticipation of the Company&#8217;s divestiture of its Danival business
 a component of the Europe reporting unit
Interim impairment analyses were performed on the applicable reporting units both before and after the sale of the respective businesses
Beginning in the three months ended September 30
 2019
 operations of Tilda were classified as discontinued operations as discussed in Note 5
. Therefore
 goodwill associated with Tilda is presented within Noncurrent assets of discontinued operations in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of June&#160;30
The following table sets forth balance sheet information for intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
June 30
June 30
273
278
146
184
105
116
314
346
93
 of accumulated impairment charges as of both June&#160;30
 2021 and June&#160;30
During fiscal 2020
 in association with the sale or discontinuation of certain businesses and brands
 the Company determined that certain of its indefinite-lived tradenames were impaired due to the carrying value of the tradenames exceeding their fair values

8
5
In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021

833
 consisting primarily of trademarks
 were assigned to the divested businesses
Amortizable intangible assets
 which are deemed to have a finite life
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
8
11
13
Fiscal Year Ending June 30
8
7
5
3
3
June 30
June 30
Payroll
71
74
Facility
15
11
9
10
10
12
10
14
117
124
June 30
June 30
230
280
1
2
231
282
1
Long-term debt
230
281
 of finance lease obligations as discussed in Note 8
 of short term finance lease obligations as discussed in Note 8
On February 6
 2018
1
000
&#160;revolving credit facility through February 6
300
&#160;term loan. Under the Credit Agreement
400
000
Borrowings under the Credit Agreement may be used to provide working capital
 finance capital expenditures and permitted acquisitions
 refinance certain existing indebtedness and for other lawful corporate purposes. The Credit Agreement provides for multicurrency borrowings in Euros
 British Pounds Sterling and Canadian Dollars as well as other currencies which may be designated. In addition
 certain wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries of the Company may be designated as co-borrowers. The Credit Agreement contains restrictive covenants
 which are usual and customary for facilities of its type
 and include
 with specified exceptions
 limitations on the Company&#8217;s ability to engage in certain business activities
 incur debt
 have liens
 make capital expenditures
 pay dividends or make other distributions
 enter into affiliate transactions
 consolidate
 merge or acquire or dispose of assets
 and make certain investments
 acquisitions and loans. The Credit Agreement also requires the Company to satisfy certain financial covenants. Obligations under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by certain existing and future domestic subsidiaries of the Company. As of June&#160;30
 2021
230
6
 letters of credit outstanding under the Credit Agreement. During fiscal 2020
 the Company used the proceeds from the sale of Tilda
 net of transaction costs
 to prepay the entire principal amount of term loan outstanding under its credit facility and to partially pay down its revolving credit facility. In connection with the prepayment
 the Company wrote off unamortized deferred debt issuance costs of $
 recorded in interest and other financing expense
On May 8
 2019
 the Company entered into the Third Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the &#8220;Amended Credit Agreement&#8221;)
 whereby
 among other things
 to 1.0 on September 30
 2020 and thereafter. Additionally
 to 1 through March 31
The Amended Credit Agreement also required that the Company and the subsidiary guarantors enter into a Security and Pledge Agreement pursuant to which all of the obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement are secured by liens on assets of the Company and its material domestic subsidiaries
 including stock of each of their direct subsidiaries and intellectual property
s of June&#160;30
 2021

was available under the Amended Credit Agreement
 and the Company was in compliance with all associated covenants
The Amended Credit Agreement provides that loans will bear interest at rates based on (a) the Eurocurrency Rate
 as defined in the Credit Agreement
% per annum; or (b) the Base Rate
 as defined in the Credit Agreement
% per annum
 the relevant rate being the Applicable Rate. The Applicable Rate will be determined in accordance with a leverage-based pricing grid
 as set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement. Swing Line loans and Global Swing Line loans denominated in U.S. dollars will bear interest at the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate
 and Global Swing Line loans denominated in foreign currencies shall bear interest based on the overnight Eurocurrency Rate for loans denominated in such currency plus the Applicable Rate. The weighted average interest rate on outstanding borrowings under the Amended Credit Agreement at June&#160;30
%. Additionally
 the Amended Credit Agreement contains a Commitment Fee
 as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement
% per annum
Maturities of all debt instruments at&#160;June&#160;30
 2021
230
231
Interest paid during the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2021
5
903
15
20
396
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
60
29
120
48
63
64
108
33
56
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
2
44
3
1
27
14
16
31
29
20
14
33
21
10
3
1
5
3
9
36
23
41
6
3
For the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2021

53

 Relief
 and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act) which allowed for
 among other provisions
 a five-year carryback of net operating losses (&#8220;NOLs&#8221;) for 2018-2020 offset by taxes paid in other jurisdictions.  Cash paid for income taxes
 net of (refunds)
 during the fiscal years ended June&#160;30

22

Fiscal Year Ended June 30
22
7
11
State income taxes
1
8
4
13
5
4
8
1
7
1
1
6
7
3
1
25
1
5
3
41
6
3
(a) The Company estimates that it will utilize certain of its state tax loss carryovers in the year ended June 30
 2021.  This positive evidence
 in addition to other positive evidence



5
(b) On July 22
 2020
 the U.K. enacted into law a tax rate increase from 17% to 19%. On June 10
 2021
 the U.K. enacted an increase in the corporate income tax rate to 25% effective April 1
(c) On December 22
 2017
 the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act) included a provision to tax previously untaxed foreign earnings (&#8220;transition tax&#8221;). During fiscal year 2019

(d) The Company carried back NOLs generated in the June 30
 2019 tax year for five years

18





 the Company received the full refund with interest

With the effective date of January 1
 2018
 For the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020
The Company elected to account for GILTI tax as a current period cost but did not record an expense during the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
June 30
June 30
6
6
15
21
70
76
11
2
2
1
43
34
1
1
1
1
14
14
12
12
7
4
37
41
Noncurrent deferred tax liabilities
42
51
 of non-current deferred tax assets included within Other Assets on the June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020 Consolidated Balance Sheets
At June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020

19
141
 respectively
15
12
 at June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020
 respectively
The Company historically considered the undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested and as a result has not provided for taxes on such earnings. To achieve its cash management objectives
 during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020

1

 2021

1
732
As required by the authoritative guidance on accounting for income taxes
 the Company evaluates the realizability of deferred tax assets on a jurisdictional basis at each reporting date. Accounting for income taxes requires that a valuation allowance be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. In circumstances where there is sufficient negative evidence indicating that the deferred tax assets are not more likely than not realizable
37
41

 2021 and 2020
. During fiscal 2019
 the Company recorded a partial valuation allowance against state deferred tax assets and state net operating loss carryforwards as it is not more likely than not that the state tax attributes will be realized. As mentioned above
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
41
34
5
7
11
1
37
41
Unrecognized tax benefits activity
 including interest and penalties
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
20
11
6
3
8
5
1
22
20
11
As of June&#160;30
 2021
22
of unrecognized tax benefits


 if recognized
 would impact the effective tax rate in future periods.  As of June&#160;30
 2020
20
 of unrecognized tax benefits
17
 represents the amount that
 if recognized
 would impact the effective tax rate in future periods. As of June&#160;30
 2019
11
8
2
2

 2021 and 2020
The Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction
 various U.S. state jurisdictions and several foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions
 the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal
 state and local
 or non-U.S. income tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to fiscal 2014. However
 to the extent we generated NOLs or tax credits in closed tax years
. Given the uncertainty regarding when tax authorities will complete their examinations and the possible outcomes of their examinations
currently ongoing
5

 rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors.  Accordingly
 the Board of Directors is empowered to issue
 without stockholder approval
 preferred stock with dividends
 liquidation
 conversion
 voting or other rights which could decrease the amount of earnings and assets available for distribution to holders of the Company&#8217;s common stock.  At June 30
 2021 and 2020
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
85
37
16
95
1
1
3
2
98
53
 for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
and 2020
Foreign currency translation gains or losses of foreign subsidiaries related to divested businesses are reclassified into income once the liquidation of the respective foreign subsidiaries is substantially complete. At the completion of the sales of Danival
 Fruit and GG UniqueFiber



Fiscal Year Ended June 30
Interest and other financing expense
Other expense (income)
1
Amounts reclassified into income for deferred losses on net investment hedging instruments are recognized in &#8220;Interest and other financing expense
 for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
and 2020
On June 21
 2017

outstanding common stock.  Repurchases may be made from time to time in the open market
 pursuant to pre-set trading plans
 in private transactions or otherwise. The authorization does not have a stated expiration date. The extent to which the Company repurchases its shares and the timing of such repurchases will depend upon market conditions and other corporate considerations. During the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2021
3
107

 excluding commissions
 per share. Of that amount

June&#160;30
As of June&#160;30
 2021


 2020

60

 excluding commissions
In August 2021


 stockholder approved plan
 the Amended and Restated 2002 Long-Term Incentive and Stock Award Plan (the &#8220;2002 Plan&#8221;)
 under which the Company&#8217;s officers
 senior management
 other key employees
 consultants and directors may be granted equity-based awards. The Company also grants equity awards under its 2019 Equity Inducement Award Program (the &#8220;2019 Inducement Program&#8221;) to induce selected individuals to become employees of the Company. The 2002 Plan and 2019 Inducement Program are collectively referred to as the &#8220;Stock Award Plans&#8221;. In conjunction with the Stock Award Plans
 the Company maintains a long-term incentive program (the &#8220;LTI Program&#8221;) that provides for performance and market equity awards that can be earned over defined performance periods. 
2

 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 of which 
1

 respectively
 were granted under the LTI Program and are subject to the achievement of minimum performance goals or market conditions
 with the remaining being service-based awards. For performance awards and market awards
 the foregoing share figures are stated at target levels
 options granted under the Stock Award Plans during fiscal years 2021
 2020 and 2019. At June&#160;30
 2021

1

Awards of restricted stock are either RSAs or RSUs that are issued at no cost to the recipient. RSA holders have all rights of a stockholder at the grant date
 subject to certain restrictions on transferability and a risk of forfeiture. Shares underlying RSUs are not issued until vesting. Both award types are subject to continued employment and vesting conditions in accordance with provisions set forth in the applicable award agreements. The Company also grants market-based RSUs that vest contingent on meeting specific Total Shareholder Return (&#8220;TSR&#8221;) targets over a specified time period
A summary of the restricted stock activity (includes all RSAs
2
2
1
2
1
1
2
2
At June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020

1
 shares made to the Company&#8217;s CEO)
 respectively
% of target. Vested shares during the year ended June 30
A summary of the fair value of restricted stock (includes all RSAs
 RSUs and PSUs) granted and vested
 and the tax benefit recognized from restricted stock vesting
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
8
17
29
15
6
11
1
3
At June&#160;30
 2021

The participants of the LTI Program include certain of the Company&#8217;s executive officers and other key executives. The LTI Program is administered by the Compensation Committee which is responsible for
 among other items
 selecting the specific performance measures for awards
 setting the target performance required to receive an award after the completion of the performance period
 and determining the specific payout to the participants. Any stock-based awards issued under the LTI Program are generally issued pursuant to and are subject to the terms and conditions of the 2002 Plan and 2019 Inducement Program
 - Vesting is pursuant to the achievement of&#160;pre-established&#160;three-year&#160;compound annual TSR targets over the period from November 6
 2018 to November 6
ant (discussed below)
% of the target award amount. Certain shares are subject to a holding period of one year after the vesting date
 resulting in an illiquidity discount being applied to the grant date fair value for such shares. There were 
 PSUs granted during fiscal years 2021
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
Fiscal Year ended June 30
esting is pursuant to a defined calculation of relative TSR over the period from January 24
 2019 to June 30
 2020
 such awards were granted during fiscal 2020 or 2018. In the first quarter of fiscal 2021
On November 6
 2018
 the Company&#8217;s CEO
1
&#160;compound annual TSR levels over the period from November 6
 2018 to November 6
 after the vesting date. As such
7

 2021
 2020
2


1

 respectively. This PSU award was granted outside of the Stock Award Plans. Separately
From time to time
 based upon the achievement of certain market and/or performance-based metrics being met. As of June 30
 2021 and 2020
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
Selling
15
13
9
Former Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
15
13
10
1
1
1
cal years 2021
 2020 or 2019
 options outstanding at each of June 30
 2021
 2020 and 2019
 relating to a grant under a prior Celestial Seasonings plan. Although no further awards can be granted under the prior Celestial Seasonings plan
For options outstanding and exercisable at June&#160;30
 2021


. At June&#160;30
 2021
On October 27
 2015
 the Company acquired a minority equity interest in Chop&#8217;t Creative Salad Company LLC
 predecessor to Founders Table Restaurant Group
 LLC (&#8220;Founders Table&#8221;). Founders Table owns and operates the fast-casual restaurant chains Chopt Creative Salad Co. and Dos Toros Taqueria. The investment is being accounted for as an equity method investment due to the Company&#8217;s representation on the Board of Directors of Founders Table. At June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020

12

 respectively
The Company also holds the following investments: (a) Hutchison Hain Organic Holdings Limited (&#8220;HHO&#8221;) with Hutchison China Meditech Ltd.
 a joint venture accounted for under the equity method of accounting
 (b) Hain Future Natural Products Private Ltd. (&#8220;HFN&#8221;) with Future Consumer Ltd
 a joint venture accounted for under the fair value method of accounting and (c) Yeo Hiap Seng Limited (&#8220;YHS&#8221;)
6
4

 2021 and 2020
 respectively
Level 1 &#8211; Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical
Level 2 &#8211; Quoted prices in markets that are not active
 or inputs which are observable
 either directly or indirectly
Level 3 &#8211; Prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable (i.e.
The following table presents by level within the fair value hierarchy
 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of June&#160;30
1
11
11
11
11
The following table presents by level within the fair value hierarchy
 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of June&#160;30
1
1
1
1
6
6
6
6
% investment in Yeo Hiap Seng Limited
 a food and beverage manufacturer and distributor based in Singapore. Fair value is measured using the market approach based on quoted prices.&#160; The Company utilizes the income approach to measure fair value for its foreign currency forward contracts.&#160; The income approach uses pricing models that rely on market observable inputs such as yield curves
There were no transfers of financial instruments between the three levels of fair value hierarchy during the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 net
 accounts payable and certain accrued expenses and other current liabilities approximate fair value due to the short-term maturities of these financial instruments.  The Company&#8217;s debt approximates fair value due to the debt bearing fluctuating market interest rates (See Note 11
The Company uses interest rate swaps to manage its interest rate risk and cross-currency swaps and foreign currency exchange contracts to manage its exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The valuation of these instruments is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques
 including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives
 including the period to maturity
 and uses observable market-based inputs
In accordance with the provisions of ASC 820
 
 we incorporate credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both the Company&#8217;s nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty&#8217;s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements. In adjusting the fair value of the Company&#8217;s derivative contracts for the effect of nonperformance risk
 the Company has considered the impact of netting and any applicable credit enhancements
 such as collateral postings
 thresholds
Although the Company has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy
 the credit valuation adjustments associated with its derivatives utilize Level 3 inputs
 such as estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the likelihood of default by the Company and its counterparties.  The Company has determined that the significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments made to its derivative contracts
 which determination was based on the fair value of each individual contract
 was not significant to the overall valuation. As a result
 all of the derivatives held as of June&#160;30
The fair value estimates presented in the fair value hierarchy tables above are based on information available to management as of June&#160;30
The Company is exposed to certain risk arising from both its business operations and economic conditions.  The Company principally manages its exposures to a wide variety of business and operational risks through management of its core business activities. The Company manages economic risks
 including interest rate
 liquidity
 and credit risk primarily by managing the amount
 sources
 and duration of its assets and liabilities and the use of derivative financial instruments.  Specifically
 the Company enters into derivative financial instruments to manage exposures that arise from business activities that result in the receipt or payment of future known and uncertain cash amounts
 the value of which are determined by interest rates.  The Company&#8217;s derivative financial instruments are used to manage differences in the amount
 timing
Certain of the Company&#8217;s foreign operations expose the Company to fluctuations of foreign exchange rates.  These fluctuations may impact the value of the Company&#8217;s cash receipts and payments in terms of the Company&#8217;s functional currency.  The Company enters into derivative financial instruments to protect the value or fix the amount of certain assets and liabilities in terms of its functional currency
Accordingly
The Company&#8217;s objectives in using interest rate derivatives are to add stability to interest expense and to manage its exposure to interest rate movements. To accomplish this objective
 the Company primarily uses interest rate swaps as part of its interest rate risk management strategy.  Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount.  During fiscal 2021 and 2020
For derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk
During fiscal 2022
As of June&#160;30
 2021
230
The Company is exposed to fluctuations in various foreign currencies against its functional currency
 the U.S. Dollar. The Company uses foreign currency derivatives including cross-currency swaps to manage its exposure to fluctuations in the USD-EUR exchange rates. Cross-currency swaps involve exchanging fixed-rate interest payments for fixed-rate interest receipts
For derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges of foreign exchange risk
 the gain or loss on the derivative is recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss and subsequently reclassified in the period(s) during which the hedged transaction affects earnings within the same income statement line item as the earnings effect of the hedged transaction. During fiscal 2022
As of June&#160;30
 2021
24
26
For derivatives designated as net investment hedges
As of June&#160;30
 2021
76
83
As of June&#160;30
 2021
The following table presents the fair value of the Company&#8217;s derivative financial instruments as well as their classification on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of June&#160;30
11
11
The following table presents the fair value of the Company&#8217;s derivative financial instruments as well as their classification on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of June&#160;30
5
6
1
6
The following table presents the pre-tax effect of cash flow hedge accounting on AOCL as of June&#160;30
 2021
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
Interest and other financing expense
1
1
Interest and other financing expense
 net / Other expense (income)
1
1
1
1
The following table presents the pre-tax effect of the Company&#8217;s derivative financial instruments electing cash flow hedge accounting on the Consolidated Statements of Operations as of June&#160;30
Fiscal Year Ended June&#160;30
Fiscal Year Ended June&#160;30
Interest and other financing expense
Other expense (income)
Interest and other financing expense
Other expense (income)
1
The following table presents the pre-tax effect of the Company&#8217;s net investment hedges on Accumulated other comprehensive loss and the Consolidated Statements of Operations as of June&#160;30
 2021
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
4
3
Interest and other financing expense
The following table presents the effect of the Company&#8217;s derivative financial instruments that are not designated as hedging instruments on the Consolidated Statements Operations as of June&#160;30
 2021
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
Other expense (income)
The Company has agreements with each of its derivative counterparties that contain a provision providing that upon certain defaults by the Company on any of its indebtedness
As a part of the ongoing productivity and transformation initiatives and to expand profit margins and cash flow
The following table displays the termination benefits and personnel realignment activities and liability balances relating to the reduction in workforce for the year ended as of June&#160;30
Balance at June&#160;30
Charges
Balance at June&#160;30
11
5
13
4
The liability balance as of June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020 is included within Accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the Company&#8217;s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Additional non-cash impairment charges related to the Company&#8217;s productivity and transformation initiatives have been incurred and are discussed within Note 7
Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net
 and Note 8
At&#160;June&#160;30
 2021
 we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4) of Regulation S-K that have had
 or are likely to have
On August 17
 2016
 complaints are: (1) Flora v. The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
 et al. (the &#8220;Flora Complaint&#8221;); (2) Lynn v. The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
 et al. (the &#8220;Lynn Complaint&#8221;); and (3) Spadola v. The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
 et al. (the &#8220;Spadola Complaint&#8221; and
 together with the Flora and Lynn Complaints
 the &#8220;Securities Complaints&#8221;). On June 5
 2017
 the court issued an order for consolidation
 appointment of Co-Lead Plaintiffs and approval of selection of co-lead counsel. Pursuant to this order
In re The Hain Celestial Group
 (the &#8220;Consolidated Securities Action&#8221;)
 and Rosewood Funeral Home and Salamon Gimpel were appointed as Co-Lead Plaintiffs. On June 21
 2017
 the Company received notice that plaintiff Spadola voluntarily dismissed his claims without prejudice to his ability to participate in the Consolidated Securities Action as an absent class member. The Co-Lead Plaintiffs in the Consolidated Securities Action filed a Consolidated Amended Complaint on August 4
 2017 and a Corrected Consolidated Amended Complaint on September 7
 2017 on behalf of a purported class consisting of all persons who purchased or otherwise acquired Hain Celestial securities between November 5
 2013 and February 10
 2017 (the &#8220;Amended Complaint&#8221;). The Amended Complaint named as defendants the Company and certain of its former officers (collectively
 &#8220;Defendants&#8221;) and asserted violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 based on allegedly materially false or misleading statements and omissions in public statements
 press releases and SEC filings regarding the Company&#8217;s business
 prospects
 financial results and internal controls. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Amended Complaint on October 3
 2017 which the Court granted on March 29
 2019
 dismissing the case in its entirety
 without prejudice to replead. Co-Lead Plaintiffs filed a Second Amended Consolidated Class Action Complaint on May 6
 2019 (the &#8220;Second Amended Complaint&#8221;). The Second Amended Complaint again named as defendants the Company and certain of its former officers and asserts violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 based on allegations similar to those in the Amended Complaint
 including materially false or misleading statements and omissions in public statements
 press releases and SEC filings regarding the Company&#8217;s business
 prospects
 financial results and internal controls. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint on June 20
 2019. Co-Lead Plaintiffs filed an opposition on August 5
 2019
Defendants submitted a reply on September 3
 2019. On April 6
 2020
 the Court granted Defendants&#8217; motion to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint in its entirety
 with prejudice. Co-Lead Plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal on May 5
 2020 indicating their intent to appeal the Court&#8217;s decision dismissing the Second Amended Complaint to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Co-Lead Plaintiffs filed their appellate brief on August 18
 2020. Defendants filed their opposition brief on November 17
 2020
 and Plaintiffs filed their reply brief on December 8
 2020. Accordingly
 Co-Lead Plaintiffs&#8217; appeal is fully briefed. Oral argument is scheduled for September 27
On April 19
 2017 and April 26
 2017
 class action and stockholder derivative complaints were filed in the Eastern District of New York against the former Board of Directors and certain former officers of the Company under the captions Silva v. Simon
 et al. (the &#8220;Silva Complaint&#8221;) and Barnes v. Simon
 et al. (the &#8220;Barnes Complaint&#8221;)
 respectively. Both the Silva Complaint and the Barnes Complaint allege violation of securities law
 breach of fiduciary duty
On May 23
 2017
 an additional stockholder filed a complaint under seal in the Eastern District of New York against the former Board of Directors and certain former officers of the Company. The complaint alleged that the Company&#8217;s former directors and certain former officers made materially false and misleading statements in press releases and SEC filings regarding the Company&#8217;s business
 prospects and financial results. The complaint also alleged that the Company violated its by-laws and Delaware law by failing to hold its 2016 Annual Stockholders Meeting and includes claims for breach of fiduciary duty
 unjust enrichment and corporate waste. On August 9
 2017
On August 10
 2017
 the court granted the parties&#8217; stipulation to consolidate the Barnes Complaint
In re The Hain Celestial Group
 (the &#8220;Consolidated Stockholder Class and Derivative Action&#8221;) and to appoint Robbins Arroyo LLP and Scott+Scott as Co-Lead Counsel
 with the Law Offices of Thomas G. Amon as Liaison Counsel for Plaintiffs. On September 14
 2017
 a related complaint was filed under the caption Oliver v. Berke
 et al. (the &#8220;Oliver Complaint&#8221;)
 and on October 6
 2017
 the Oliver Complaint was consolidated with the Consolidated Stockholder Class and Derivative Action. The Plaintiffs filed their consolidated amended complaint under seal on October 26
 2017. On December 20
 2017
 the parties agreed to stay Defendants&#8217; time to answer
 move
 or otherwise respond to the consolidated amended complaint through and including 30 days after a decision was rendered on the motion to dismiss the Amended Complaint in the Consolidated Securities Action
On March 29
 2019
 the Court in the Consolidated Securities Action granted Defendants&#8217; motion
 dismissing the Amended Complaint in its entirety
 without prejudice to replead. Co-Lead Plaintiffs in the Consolidated Securities Action filed the Second Amended Complaint on May 6
 2019. The parties to the Consolidated Stockholder Class and Derivative Action agreed to continue the stay of Defendants&#8217; time to answer
 move
On April 6
 2020
 the Court granted Defendants&#8217; motion to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint in the Consolidated Securities Action
 with prejudice. Pursuant to the terms of the stay
 Defendants in the Consolidated Stockholder Class and Derivative Action had until May 6
 2020 to answer
 move
 or otherwise respond to the complaint in this matter. This deadline was extended
 and Defendants moved to dismiss the Consolidated Stockholder Class and Derivative Action Complaint on June 23
 2020
 with Plaintiffs&#8217; opposition due August 7
On July 24
 2020
 Plaintiffs made a stockholder litigation demand on the current Board containing overlapping factual allegations to those set forth in the Consolidated Stockholder Class and Derivative Action. On August 10
 2020
 the Court vacated the briefing schedule on Defendants&#8217; pending motion to dismiss in order to give the Board of Directors time to consider the demand. On each of September 8 and October 8
 2020
 the Court extended its stay of any applicable deadlines for 30 days to give the Board of Directors additional time to complete its evaluation of the demand. On November 3
 2020
 Plaintiffs were informed that the Board of Directors had finished investigating and resolved
 among other things
 that the demand should be rejected. On November 6
 2020
 Plaintiffs and Defendants notified the Court that Plaintiffs were evaluating the rejection of the demand
 sought certain additional information and were assessing next steps
 and requested that the Court extend the stay for an additional 30 days
 to on or around December 7
 2020. Since that time
 Plaintiffs and Defendants have filed a number of joint status reports
 The current stay ordered by the Court is set to expire on October 29
Since February 2021
 a large number of consumer class actions have been brought against the Company alleging that the Company&#8217;s Earth&#8217;s Best baby food products (the &#8220;Products&#8221;) contain unsafe and undisclosed levels of various naturally-occurring heavy metals
 namely lead
 arsenic
 active lawsuits
Lauren Smith
 et. al. v. Plum PBC
.) filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California also alleges civil RICO claims that the Company conspired with other baby food manufacturers to conceal the presence of these heavy metals in our respective products. These actions have been filed against all of the major baby food manufacturers in federal courts across the country. The U.S. Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation (&#8220;JPML&#8221;) declined a request to centralize all of the consumer class action lawsuits against all of the baby food manufacturers into a single multidistrict proceeding
 and the vast majority of cases against the Company have now been transferred and consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York
 
 Case No. 2:21-cv-678. One consumer class action is pending in the U.S. District Court for Northern District of California
 and another is pending in the New York Supreme Court
The claims raised in these lawsuits were brought in the wake of a highly publicized report issued by the U.S. House of Representatives Subcommittee on Economic and Consumer Policy on Oversight and Reform
 dated February 4
 2021 (the &#8220;House Report&#8221;)
 addressing the presence of heavy metals in baby foods made by certain manufacturers
 including the Company. Since the publishing of the House Report
 the Company has also received information requests with respect to the advertising and quality of its baby foods from certain governmental authorities
In addition to the consumer class actions discussed above
 lawsuits in state and federal courts alleging some form of personal injury from the ingestion of the Company&#8217;s Products
In addition to the litigation described above
 the Company is and may be a defendant in lawsuits from time to time in the normal course of business. While the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty
 the Company believes the reasonably possible losses of such matters
 individually and in the aggregate
 are not material. Additionally
 the Company believes the probable final outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Company&#8217;s consolidated results of operations
 financial position
 days of service.  On an annual basis
 we may
 in our sole discretion
 make certain matching contributions.  For the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020
3
2

In addition
 while certain of our international subsidiaries maintain separate defined contribution plans for their employees
 operating segments: United Kingdom
We use segment net sales and operating income to evaluate performance and to allocate resources. We believe these measures are most relevant in order to analyze segment results and trends. Segment operating income excludes certain general corporate expenses (which are a component of selling
 general and administrative expenses)
 impairment and acquisition related expenses
 restructuring
The Tilda operating segment was classified as discontinued operations as discussed in Note 5
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
1
104
1
171
1
195
866
882
908
1
970
2
053
2
104
129
95
32
38
55
58
167
151
91
59
95
123
107
56
32
%
%
% of our consolidated sales for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2021
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 which were primarily related to the United States
 Canada and United Kingdom operating segments. A second customer accounted for approximately
%
% of our consolidated sales for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2021
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
For the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2021

49
For the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2020

13
8
5


For the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2019


 net

4


15
2
4
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
1
325
1
423
1
512
321
309
296
186
192
180
136
128
115
1
970
2
053
2
104
The Company&#8217;s net sales by geographic region
 which are generally based on the location of the Company&#8217;s subsidiary
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
954
1
016
1
052
607
650
704
408
387
347
1
970
2
053
2
104
The Company&#8217;s long-lived assets
 which primarily represent net property
 plant and equipment
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
148
131
142
144
112
101
404
377
On April 15
 2021
 the Company completed the divestiture of its North America non-dairy beverages brands
 Dream

SunOpta is also one of the Company&#8217;s suppliers



21

 2020 and 2019
 respectively
2


2

 2020 and 2019
 respectively
Our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules&#160;13a-15(e)&#160;and 15d-15(e)&#160;under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)) are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules&#160;and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission and to ensure that information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to management
 including our principal executive and financial officers
 to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure.&#160;Any controls and procedures
 no matter how well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. The Chief Executive Officer (&#8220;CEO&#8221;) and the Chief Financial Officer (&#8220;CFO&#8221;)
 with assistance from other members of management
 have reviewed the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of&#160;June&#160;30
 2021 and
 based on their evaluation
 have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of June&#160;30
The Company&#8217;s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
The Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company&#8217;s management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any&#160;evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
Under the supervision
 and with&#160;the participation
 of our management
 including the&#160;CEO and CFO
 we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting&#160;as of June&#160;30
 2021. In making this assessment
 management used the criteria established in&#160;Internal Control-Integrated Framework&#160;(2013)&#160;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (&#8220;COSO&#8221;). Based on this assessment
 management
 including our CEO and CFO
 has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June&#160;30
The effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting as of June&#160;30
 2021 has been audited by Ernst &amp; Young LLP
 an independent registered public accounting firm
There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended June&#160;30
 2021 that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The Hain Celestial Group
We have audited The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. and Subsidiaries internal control over financial reporting as of June 30
 2021
 based on criteria established in Internal Control&#8212;Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion
 The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30
 2021
We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
as of June 30
 2021 and 2020
 the related consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive income (loss)
 stockholders&#8217; equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30
 2021
 and the related notes and schedule (collectively referred to as the &#8220;consolidated financial statements&#8221;) and our report dated August 26
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk
A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
Jericho
August&#160;26
Item 10.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Directors
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the&#160;2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended&#160;June&#160;30
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the&#160;2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended&#160;June&#160;30
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2021&#160;Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended&#160;June&#160;30
Item 13.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the 2021&#160;Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended&#160;June&#160;30
The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to our Proxy Statement for the&#160;2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of the Company to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of the fiscal year ended&#160;June&#160;30
.  The following consolidated financial statements of The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. are filed as part of this report under Part II
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Consolidated Balance Sheets - June&#160;30
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Consolidated Statements of Operations - Fiscal Years ended June&#160;30
 2021
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) - Fiscal Years ended June&#160;30
 2021
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#8217; Equity - Fiscal Years ended June&#160;30
 2021
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Fiscal Years ended June&#160;30
 2021
.  The following financial statement schedule should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements included in Part II
 Item 8
 of this Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K.&#160;All other financial schedules are not required under the related instructions
The Hain Celestial Group
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
1
41
5
(10
37
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
34
7
41
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
2
(1
(1
20
17
(3
34
Fiscal year ended June 30
.  The exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are listed on the Exhibit Index immediately following Item 16. &#8220;Form 10-K Summary
Agreement  relating to the sale and purchase of the Tilda Group Entities and certain other assets dated August 27
 2019
 between the Company and Ebro Foods S.A. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30
 2019
 filed with the SEC on August 29
The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. Amended and Restated By-Laws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 7
Specimen of common stock certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Amendment No. 1 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on April 24
Description of Registrant&#8217;s Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30
 2019
 filed with the SEC on August 29
Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated February 6
 2018
 among the Company
 Hain Pure Protein Corporation
 certain other wholly-owned Subsidiaries of the Company
 Bank of America
 N.A.
 as Administrative Agent
 U.S. Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer
 Bank of America Merrill Lynch International Limited and Bank of America
 N.A.
 Canada Branch
 as Global Swing Line Lenders
 Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. and Citizens Bank
 N.A.
 as Co-Syndication Agents
 Farm Credit East
 ACA and JP Morgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 as Co-Documentation Agents
 and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12
First Amendment to Third Amendment and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated November 7
 2018
 by and among the Company
 Hain Pure Protein Corporation
 certain wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company party thereto from time to time
 and Bank of America
 N.A. as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8
Second Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated February 6
 2019
 by and among the Company
 Hain Pure Protein Corporation
 certain wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company party thereto from time to time
 and Bank of America
 N.A.
 as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 7
Third Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated May 8
 2019
 by and among the Company
 certain wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company party thereto from time to time
 the Lenders party thereto and Bank of America
 N.A.
 as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 9
Fourth Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated November 6
 2019
 by and among the Company
 the Lenders party thereto and Bank of America
 N.A.
 as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended December 31
 2019
 filed with the SEC on February 6
Security and Pledge Agreement
 dated May 8
 2019
 by and among the Company
 certain wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company party thereto from time to time
 and Bank of America
 N.A.
 as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 9
Group
Long Term Incentive and Stock Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2.1 of the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30
 2019
 filed with the SEC on August 29
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. Amended and Restated 2002 Long Term Incentive and Stock Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on April 7
Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Award under The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. Amended and Restated 2002 Long Term Incentive and Stock Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on April 7
Form of Performance Units Agreement under The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. Amended and Restated 2002 Long Term Incentive and Stock Award Plan (2019-2021 Long Term Incentive Plan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31
 2019
 filed with the SEC on May 9
Form of Restricted Share Units Agreement under The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. Amended and Restated 2002 Long Term Incentive and Stock Award Plan.
 2020 filed with the SEC on August 25
Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Share Units under The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. Amended and Restated 2002 Long Term Incentive and Stock Award Plan.
 2020 filed with the SEC on August 25
The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. Inducement Grant Performance Units Agreement
 dated November 6
 2018
 between the Company and Mark L. Schiller (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on November 6
The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. 2019 Equity Inducement Award Program (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on February 19
Form of Performance Units Agreement under The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. 2019 Equity Inducement Award Program (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31
 2019
 filed with the SEC on May 9
Form of Restricted Share Units Agreement under The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. 2019 Equity Inducement Award Program.
 2020 filed with the SEC on August 25
Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Share Units under The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. 2019 Equity Inducement Award Program.
 2020 filed with the SEC on August 25
The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. Amended and Restated Executive Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 1
Employment Agreement
 dated as of October 26
 2018
 by and between the Company and Mark L. Schiller (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 29
Offer Letter
 dated October 31
 2019
 between the Company and Javier H. Idrovo (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended December 31
 2019
 filed with the SEC on February 6
Offer Letter
 dated January 3
 2019
 between the Company and Christopher Boever (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31
 2019
 filed with the SEC on May 9
Separation Agreement
 dated July 15
 2021
Form of Change in Control Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 of the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30
 2019
 filed with the SEC on August 29
Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31
 2020
 filed with the SEC on May 7
Form of Confidentiality
 Non-Interference
 and Invention Assignment Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31
 2019
 filed with the SEC on May 9
Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
Certification by CEO pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&#160;1350
32.2 Certification by CFO pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
The following materials from the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2021
 formatted in inline XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets
 (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income
 (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
 (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#8217; Equity
 (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
 (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves
 and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
THE HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP
August 26
Mark L. Schiller

August 26
Javier H. Idrovo
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
President
August 26
August 26
August 26
August 26
August 26
August 26
August 26
August 26
August 26
 2021












THE HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP
The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
&#8221;)
A.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The present name of the Corporation is The Hain Celestial Group
B.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The Corporation was incorporated under the name &#8220;21st Century Food Corp.&#8221; by the filing of its original certificate of incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on May 19
C.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;The Corporation&#8217;s certificate of incorporation was amended on May 28
 1993
 further amended on October 1
 1993
 further amended on October 14
 1993
 further amended on December 7
 1994
 amended and restated on May 30
 2000
 further amended on November 21
 2014
 and corrected on November 26
D.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;This restated certificate of incorporation only restates and integrates and does not further amend the provisions of the Corporation&#8217;s certificate of incorporation as heretofore amended or supplemented
  The name of the Corporation is The Hain Celestial Group
  The address of the Corporation&#8217;s registered office in the State of Delaware is Corporation Trust Center
 1209 Orange Street
 in the City of Wilmington
 County of New Castle
  The aggregate number of shares which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 155
000
000 shares
150
000
000 shares of Common Stock
5
000
000 shares of Preferred Stock
Each share of Common Stock issued and outstanding shall be identical in all respects one with the other
Except for and subject to those rights expressly granted to the holders of the Preferred Stock
 or except as may be provided by the DGCL
 the holders of Common Stock shall have exclusively all other rights of stockholders including
 but not by way of limitation
 (i) the right to receive dividends
 when
 as and if declared by the Board of Directors out of assets lawfully available therefor
 and (ii) in the event of any distribution of assets upon liquidation
 dissolution or winding up of the Corporation or otherwise
 the right to receive ratably and equally all the assets and funds of the Corporation remaining after payment to the holders of the Preferred Stock of the Corporation of the specific amounts which they are entitled to receive upon such liquidation
In the event that the holder of any share of Common Stock shall receive any payment of any dividend on
 liquidation of
 or other amounts payable with respect to
 any shares of Common Stock
 which he is not then entitled to receive
 he will forthwith deliver the same to the holders of shares of the Preferred Stock in the form received
Each holder of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each share of such Common Stock held by him
 and voting power with respect to all classes of securities of the Corporation shall be vested solely in the Common Stock
 other than as specifically provided in the Corporation&#8217;s Certificate of Incorporation
 as it may be amended
.  Authority is hereby vested in the Board of Directors of the Corporation to provide for the issuance of Preferred Stock and in connection therewith to fix by resolution providing for the issue of such series
 the number of shares to be included and such of the preferences and relative participating
 optional or other special rights and limitations of such series
 including
 without limitation
 rights of redemption or conversion into Common Stock
  The board of directors is expressly authorized to adopt
  Whenever a compromise or arrangement is proposed between this Corporation and its creditors or any class of them and&#47;or between this Corporation and its stockholders or any class of them
 any court of equitable jurisdiction within the State of Delaware may
 on the application in a summary way of this Corporation or of any creditor or stockholder thereof or on the application of any receiver or receivers appointed for this Corporation under the provisions of Section 291 of the DGCL or on the application of trustees in dissolution or of any receiver or receivers appointed for this Corporation under the provisions of Section 279 of the DGCL order a meeting of the creditors or class of creditors
 and&#47;or of the stockholders or class of stockholders of this Corporation
 as the case may be
 to be summoned in such manner as the said court directs. If a majority in number representing three-fourths in value of the creditors or class of creditors
 and&#47;or of the stockholders or class of stockholders of this Corporation
 as the case may be
 agree to any compromise or arrangement and to any reorganization of this Corporation as a consequence of such compromise or arrangement
 the said compromise or arrangement and the said reorganization shall
 if sanctioned by the court to which said application has been made
 be binding on all the creditors or class of creditors
 and&#47;or on all of the stockholders or class of stockholders of this Corporation
 as the case may be
  The Corporation reserves the right to amend
 alter
 change or repeal any provision contained in this Certificate of Incorporation
 in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute
  No director of the Corporation shall be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director
 except for liability (i) for any breach of the director&#8217;s duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders
 (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law
 (iii) under Section 174 of the DGCL
  Except as may otherwise be specifically provided in this certificate of incorporation
 no provision of this certificate of incorporation is intended by the Corporation to be construed as limiting
 prohibiting
 denying or abrogating any of the general or specific powers or rights conferred under the DGCL upon the Corporation
 upon its stockholders
 bondholders and security holders
 and upon its directors
 officers and other corporate personnel
 including
 in particular
 the power of the Corporation to furnish indemnification to directors and officers in the capacities defined and prescribed by the DGCL and the defined and prescribed rights of said persons to indemnification as the same are conferred under the DGCL&#59; provided
 however
 that the indemnification provisions contained in the DGCL shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those indemnified may be entitled under any by-law
 agreement
 resolution of shareholders or disinterested directors
 or otherwise
 and shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director
 officer
 employee or agent
 both as to action in his official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office
 and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs
  In the event of any vacancy in the Corporation&#8217;s Board of Directors
 whether arising from death
 resignation
 removal (with or without cause)
 an increase in the number of directors or any other cause
 the stockholders of the Corporation shall not have the right to apply to the Delaware Court of Chancery in order to request said Court to summarily order an election to be held to fill any such vacancy.
 the Corporation has duly executed this restated certificate of incorporation on this 16th day of August
THE HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP
Title&#58;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Executive Vice President
 General Counsel and Corporate Secretary











&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;This Separation Agreement and General Release (the &#8220;Agreement&#8221;) is made and entered into this 15th day of July
 2021 by and between The Hain Celestial Group
WHEREAS
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;NOW
 THEREFORE
 in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants set forth therein
Employee&#8217;s last day of employment with Hain is July 15
In order to be eligible for severance and other benefits detailed in this Agreement
 Employee shall meet the transition objectives as set by the Company and continue the good faith performance of his responsibilities
 consistent with past practice
As consideration for signing this Agreement and Employee&#8217;s complete compliance therewith
 Hain will pay Employee salary continuation equal to his bi-weekly base salary rate as of the Termination Date plus his target annual bonus
 equal to up to approximately $30
530.77 less applicable withholdings and deductions (the &#8220;Salary Continuation&#8221;) for a period of 12 months starting from the Effective Date (as defined below).  For the avoidance of doubt
 the Salary Continuation will not exceed $793
In addition
 Employee remains eligible to receive an annual bonus for his performance in fiscal year 2021
 subject to the terms of this Agreement
 the key performance indicators as outlined by the Company
Hain agrees to continue Employee&#8217;s medical
 dental and vision coverage through July 31
 2021.  Thereafter
 Employee will be eligible to elect to continue medical
 dental and vision plan coverage pursuant to the notice sent to Employee by the insurance provider in accordance with the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act (&#34;COBRA&#34;).  If Employee properly and timely elects medical
 dental
 and&#47;or vision coverage pursuant to COBRA as coverage existed as of the Termination Date
 Hain agrees to pay the cost of the premium for such elected coverage (subject to applicable taxes) for a period of 12 months
 beginning on August 1
 2021 and ending July 31
 2022 (provided Employee executes this Agreement
 remains eligible for COBRA coverage continuation
 and is not eligible to participate in a group health insurance plan available through another employer) regardless of the nature
 extent or cost of any other coverage available to Employee or to Employee&#8217;s spouse for Employee.&#160; Thereafter
 Employee shall be entitled to elect to continue such COBRA coverage for the remainder of the COBRA period
 at his&#47;her own expense
 in accordance with applicable law.&#160; In the event Employee becomes eligible for coverage under another employer&#8217;s plan or elects participation in another group medical and dental plan
Employee's participation in all other benefits and incidents of employment (including
 but not limited to
 the accrual of vacation and paid time off
 Life Insurance
 AD&#38;D
 Long Term Disability
 401(k)
Except with respect to the severance payments
 accrued vacation and benefits provided by Sections 3 and 4 hereof
 Employee acknowledges and represents that
 as of the date Employee signed this Agreement
 Hain has paid all salary
 wages
 bonuses
 equity
 housing allowances
 relocation costs
 interest
 severance
 stock
 stock options
 fees
 commissions
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein
 including any release by Employee here
 to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law and the provisions of the existing Hain Articles of Incorporation
 Hain shall indemnify and hold harmless the Employee from and against any and all liabilities
 obligations
 losses
 damages
 fines
 taxes and interest and penalties thereon (other than taxes based on fees or other compensation received by the Employee) claims
 demands
 actions
 suits
 proceedings (whether civil
 criminal
 administrative
 investigative or otherwise)
 costs
 expenses and disbursements (including legal and accounting fees and expenses
 costs of investigation and sums paid in settlement) of any kind or nature whatsoever (collectively
&#8221;) which may be imposed on
 incurred by or asserted at any time against the Employee in any way related to Employee&#8217;s employment by Hain
 or the management or administration of Hain
 that Employee shall not be entitled to indemnification hereunder for Claims and Expenses that are (i) incurred by such Employee as plaintiff in any action
 suit or proceeding brought against the Company or (ii) incurred by such Employee as a defendant in any action
 suit or proceeding brought against the Employee by a third party and found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a final judgment not subject to further appeal to be attributable to such Employee&#8217;s fraud
Employee agrees that he&#47;she would not be entitled to the consideration set forth in Sections 3 and 4 absent his&#47;her execution and fulfillment of this Agreement. As a consequence of execution of this Agreement
 Hain and its current and former officers
 directors
 employees
 agents
 investors
 attorneys
 creditors
 counsel
 shareholders
 administrators
 affiliates
 divisions
 subsidiaries
 predecessor and successor corporations and assigns and any other affiliated or related person or entity (the &#8220;Releasees&#8221;) have no outstanding obligations to Employee.  Employee
 on his&#47;her own behalf
 and on behalf of his&#47;her present and former heirs
 family members
 executors
 creditors
 agents
 assigns and any other affiliated or related person or entity
 hereby fully and forever releases Hain and the other Releasees from
 and agrees not to sue concerning
 any claim
 duty
 obligation or cause of action relating to any matters of any kind
 whether presently known or unknown
 suspected or unsuspected
 that Employee may possess up to and including the Effective Date of this Agreement
 including
any and all claims relating to or arising from Employee's employment with Hain
any and all claims relating to
 or arising from
 Employee's right to purchase
 or actual purchase of
 shares of Company stock
 including
 but not limited to
 any claims for fraud
 misrepresentation
 breach of fiduciary duty
 breach of duty under applicable state corporate law
any and all claims under the law of any jurisdiction
 including
 but not limited to
 wrongful discharge of employment&#59; constructive discharge from employment&#59; termination in violation of public policy&#59; discrimination&#59; breach of contract
 both express and implied&#59; breach of a covenant of good faith and fair dealing
 both express and implied&#59; promissory estoppel&#59; negligent or intentional infliction of emotional distress&#59; negligent or intentional misrepresentation&#59; negligent or intentional interference with contract or prospective economic advantage&#59; unfair business practices&#59; defamation&#59; libel&#59; slander&#59; negligence&#59; personal injury&#59; assault&#59; qui tam&#59; whistleblower
any and all claims for violation of any federal
 state or municipal statute
 including
 but not limited to
 Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964&#59; the Civil Rights Act of 1991&#59; the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967&#59; the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990&#59; the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974&#59; the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act&#59; the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act&#59; the Family and Medical Leave Act&#59; the Fair Credit Reporting Act&#59; the New York State Executive Law (including its Human Rights Law)&#59; the New York City Administrative Code (including its Human Rights Law)&#59; the New York State Labor Law&#59; the New York wage
 wage payment
any and all claims for violation of the federal
 or any state
any claim for any loss
 cost
 damage
Hain and Employee agree that the release set forth in this Section shall be and remain in effect in all respects as a complete general release as to the matters released for all time.  Employee agrees and understands this Agreement provides a full and final general release covering all known and unknown and anticipated and unanticipated injuries
 debts
 or damages which may have arisen
 or which may arise
 connected with all matters from the beginning of time to the date of this Agreement
 as well as those injuries
 debts
 claims or damages now known or disclosed which may have arisen
 or which may arise
This release is not intended to bar claims for workers&#8217; compensation benefits or unemployment insurance benefits
 but Employee acknowledges that he&#47;she is not aware of any work-related condition or injury.  Moreover
 Employee and Hain acknowledge that this Agreement does not limit either party&#8217;s right
 where applicable
 to file or participate in an investigation
 hearing
 whistleblower proceeding
 or other federal
 state or local governmental agency (&#8220;Governmental Agency&#8221;) proceeding
 but waives the right to any personal remedy
 to the maximum extent permitted by law
nothing in this Agreement prevents or precludes Employee from challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of this waiver under the ADEA
 nor does it impose any condition precedent
 penalties or costs for doing so
 unless specifically authorized by federal law.  However
 if the release of ADEA claims or any other claim is set aside or limited
Neither this Agreement
 nor anything contained herein
 shall be construed as an admission by the Company that it has in any respect violated or abridged any Federal
 State
 or local law or any right or obligation that it may owe or may have owed to Employee.  No final findings or final judgments have been made and Employee does not purport and will not claim to be a prevailing party
 to any degree or extent
To the maximum extent permitted by law
 Employee shall assist Hain in the presentation or prosecution of any disputes
 differences
 grievances
 claims
 charges
 or complaints by any third party against Hain or any of the Releasees without additional compensation
 provided
 however that Hain will reimburse Employee for reasonable out-of-pocket and travel-related expenses incurred with providing such assistance.  Employee and Hain acknowledge this Section does not limit the right
 where applicable
 to file or participate in an investigative proceeding of any federal
 state or local governmental agency without requiring notice to Hain or any of the Releasees&#59; Employee nevertheless understands that because of the waiver and general release Employee freely provides by signing this Agreement
 Employee cannot obtain any monetary relief or recovery in any such proceeding to the extent permitted by law
 except that this Agreement does not limit Employee&#8217;s right to receive an award for information provided to any Governmental Agency
In accordance with the Confidentiality Agreement (as defined below) Employee understands and agrees that all books
 records
 documents and information
 whether written or not
Hain's business activities
 are the confidential and proprietary property of Hain (hereinafter referred to as &#34;trade secrets and confidential and proprietary information&#34;) and must be returned in full and without retention of copies.  Employee warrants
 covenants
 and agrees that he&#47;she will not disclose any of Hain's trade secrets and confidential and proprietary information to any person or entity not employed
 owned by
 or otherwise affiliated with Hain or use such information for his&#47;her own benefit or the benefit of any person or entity not employed
 owned by
 or otherwise affiliated with Hain.  Employee further agrees that he&#47;she shall not be entitled to copies
 in any form
 of such trade secrets and confidential and proprietary information and he&#47;she shall immediately return to Hain any copies of such information currently in her possession or control.  Notwithstanding the foregoing
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary
 this Agreement does not limit or interfere with Employee&#8217;s right
 without notice to or authorization of the Company
 to communicate and cooperate in good faith with any self-regulatory organization or U.S. federal
 state
 or local governmental or law enforcement branch
 agency
 commission
 or entity (collectively
 a &#8220;Government Entity&#8221;) for the purpose of (i) reporting a possible violation of any U.S. federal
 state
 or local law or regulation
 (ii) participating in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted or managed by any Government Entity
 including by providing documents or other information
 or (iii) filing a charge or complaint with a Government Entity
 provided that in each case
 such communications
 participation
 and disclosures are consistent with applicable law.&#160; Additionally
 Employee shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that is made (i) in confidence to a federal
 state
 or local government official
 or to an attorney
 solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law
 or (ii) in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding
 if such filing is made under seal.&#160; If Employee files a lawsuit for retaliation by an employer for reporting a suspected violation of law
 Employee may disclose the trade secret to Executive&#8217;s attorney and use the trade secret information in the court proceeding
 if Employee files any document containing the trade secret under seal&#59; and does not disclose the trade secret
Employee acknowledges that to the extent permissible by law
 the provisions of the CONFIDENTIALITY
 NON-INTERFERENCE
 AND INVENTION
 dated June 3
 2021
 annexed hereto as Exhibit A
 which are designed to survive the termination of such agreement shall survive in full force and effect for the applicable periods contained therein
Employee acknowledges his&#47;her immediate responsibility to fully and unconditionally return all tangible property of Hain to Hain on or before the Termination Date. Employee acknowledges that prior to his termination
Employee agrees to refrain from any defamation
 libel or slander of Hain or any of the Releasees to any person or entity including but not limited to Hain&#8217;s past
 present or future customers
 employees
 clients
 contractors
 vendors
 or to the media or health and research professional community via any form of communication including written
 oral
also&#160;agrees&#160;not to publish
 discuss or comment on&#160;any remarks related to Hain or any of the other Releasees&#160;in any forum
 including the internet
 any web site or blog.&#160; Further
 Employee agrees to refrain from&#160;any tortious interference with Hain&#8217;s or the Releasees&#8217; contracts and relationships.&#160; If Hain&#8217;s Human Resources representatives are contacted by any potential future employers of&#160;Employee for a reference
Employee agrees not to disclose or cause to be disclosed
 either directly or indirectly
 to any person or organization
 except to his&#47;her spouse or domestic partner
 his&#47;her legal advisor(s) and his&#47;her financial advisor(s)
 or as permitted by law
 any information regarding the amount of
 terms of
The parties hereto agree that this&#160;Agreement may not be modified
 altered or changed
 except by a written agreement signed by the parties hereto.  This Agreement
 as modified by 
 represents the entire agreement and understanding between Hain and Employee concerning the subject matter of this Agreement and Employee's relationship with Hain
 and supersede and replace any and all prior agreements and understandings between the parties concerning the subject matter of this Agreement and Employee's relationship with Hain.   If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid
 the court rendering that finding shall interpret or modify each such clause to be enforceable to fulfill the parties&#8217; stated intent.  If that cannot be done
 such clause(s) shall be void and the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect.  If any term or provision of this Agreement or the application thereof to Employee or circumstance shall to any extent be invalid or unenforceable
 such provision will be modified
 rewritten or interpreted by the parties to include as much of its nature and scope as will render it enforceable.  Otherwise
Employee acknowledges and agrees that should Employee breach this Agreement
 the Company shall be entitled immediately to recover 95% of the severance payments and benefits set forth in Sections 3 and 4 already provided and to cease any outstanding consideration without impacting Employee&#8217;s release of claims and other obligations hereunder
 without limitation to any other remedies
 including equitable remedies.  In any proceeding to enforce the terms of this Agreement
 the Agreement may be introduced under seal in order to maintain its confidentiality.  In addition
 Hain shall be entitled to recover its costs and fees
 including reasonable attorneys&#8217; fees
Any controversy or claim arising out of this Agreement
 or the breach thereof
 shall be decided by an appropriate state or federal court nearest to Hain&#8217;s corporate headquarters
This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York
This Agreement is effective after it has been signed by both parties and after eight (8) days have passed following the date Employee signed the Agreement (the &#8220;Effective Date&#8221;).  Any revocation prior to the eighth day after the Employee has signed this Agreement must be submitted
 in writing
 to JoAnn Murray
 Executive Vice President
 Chief Human Resources Officer and state
&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Employee is competent to effect a knowing and voluntary general and unlimited release of all claims and to enter into this Agreement.&#160; Employee is not affected or impaired in his&#47;her ability voluntarily and knowingly to consider and to execute this Agreement
 whether by illness
 use of alcohol
 drugs or other substances or conditions.&#160; Employee is not a party to any bankruptcy
 lien
 assignment
Employee acknowledges that he&#47;she has carefully read this Agreement and understands all of its terms including the general and final release of claims set forth above and covenant not to sue.  Employee further acknowledges that he&#47;she has voluntarily entered into this Agreement&#59; that he&#47;she has not relied upon any representation or statement
 written or oral
EMPLOYEE AGREES THAT ANY MODIFICATIONS
 MATERIAL OR OTHERWISE
 MADE TO THIS AGREEMENT
EMPLOYEE MAY REVOKE THIS AGREEMENT DURING THE SEVEN (7) CALENDAR DAYS FOLLOWING THE DAY EMPLOYEE SIGNS THIS AGREEMENT.  ANY REVOCATION WITHIN THIS PERIOD MUST BE SUBMITTED
 IN WRITING
 TO JOANN MURRAY
 EXECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT
 CHIEF HUMAN RESOURCES OFFICER AND STATE
 &#34;I HEREBY REVOKE MY ACCEPTANCE OF OUR SEPARATION AGREEMENT AND GENERAL RELEASE.&#34;  THE REVOCATION MUST BE PERSONALLY DELIVERED TO JOANN MURRAY OR HER DESIGNEE
 OR MAILED TO JOANN MURRAY AT THE HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP
 INC.
 1111 MARCUS AVENUE
 LAKE SUCCESS
EMPLOYEE FREELY AND KNOWINGLY
 AND AFTER DUE CONSIDERATION
 ENTERS INTO THIS AGREEMENT INTENDING TO WAIVE
THE HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP
July 16
CONFIDENTIALITY
 NON-INTERFERENCE
 AND INVENTION











Acirca
AMI Holdings
AMI Operating
Avalon Natural Products
Celestial Seasonings
Charter Baking Company
Dana Alexander
De Boles Nutritional Foods
Ella&#8217;s Kitchen
Epicurean Farms
General Therapeutics
HCGI Holdings
HCGI International Holdings
Hain BluePrint
Hain Canada Holdings
Hain-Celestial Canada
Hain Gourmet
Hain Marketing
Hain Pure Food Co.
Hain-Yves
HPPC I
HPPC II
HPPC Transportation
Jason Natural Products
Little Bear Organic Foods
Natural Nutrition Group
New Oxford Foods
nSpired Natural Foods
Plainville Farms
Queen Personal Care
Rudi&#8217;s Organic Bakery
Sonmundo
Spectrum Organic Products
TenderCare International
Terra Chips
Westbrae Natural Foods
Westbrae Natural
Zia Cosmetics
 Inc.











We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements of The Hain Celestial Group
of our reports dated August 26
 2021
 with respect to the consolidated financial statements and schedule of The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. and Subsidiaries and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. and Subsidiaries included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the fiscal year ended June 30
Jericho
August 26
 2021











I
 Mark L. Schiller
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of The Hain Celestial Group
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
Dated&#58; August&#160;26
 2021 











I
 Javier H. Idrovo
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of The Hain Celestial Group
Based on my knowledge
 this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made
 in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made
Based on my knowledge
 the financial statements
 and other financial information included in this report
 fairly present in all material respects the financial condition
 results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of
 and for
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
 or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant
 including its consolidated subsidiaries
 is made known to us by others within those entities
Designed such internal control over financial reporting
 or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant&#8217;s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant&#8217;s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The registrant&#8217;s other certifying officer and I have disclosed
 based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant&#8217;s ability to record
 process
Any fraud
 whether or not material
Dated&#58; August&#160;26
 2021 











PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
I
 Mark L. Schiller
 President and Chief Executive Officer of The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 certify
 pursuant to Section&#160;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended June&#160;30
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
Dated&#58; August&#160;26
 2021 











PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350
I
 Javier H. Idrovo
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. (the &#8220;Company&#8221;)
 certify
 pursuant to Section&#160;906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350
The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the annual period ended June&#160;30
The information contained in the Report fairly presents
 in all material respects
Dated&#58; August&#160;26
 2021 
































        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        



 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

        
        
        



 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

        
        
        



 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

        
        
        



 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


        
        
        
        


































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































    
    


    
    



 restricted share units

    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    
    


    
    


    


















    






    

 Transfers of Financial Assets




 gross


 Gross


 Gross



    

 Net Investment Hedge
 Reclassification


 Net Investment Hedge
 Reclassification



    

 FV-NI



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Forfeitures



    
    
    








    
    


    

 Liability
 to be Paid


 Liability
 to be Paid









    
    


    




    




    

 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
 Period Increase (Decrease)



    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 Maturity



    

 Cash Flow Hedge
 Deferred Gain (Loss)


 Cash Flow Hedge
 Deferred Gain (Loss)





    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Cash Flow Hedge
 Deferred Gain (Loss)
 before Reclassification


 Cash Flow Hedge
 Deferred Gain (Loss)
 before Reclassification



    
    


    
    



 Lease


 Lease



    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    







 Weighted Average Discount Rate



    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    



 Net
 Amortization Expense


 Net
 Amortization Expense



    

 Options
 Exercisable



    
    


    




    
    



 authorized 5


 Value



    
    
    



 Liability
 Noncurrent


 Liability
 Noncurrent



    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    








    
    
    


    













 plant and equipment




 Including Discontinued Operation
 Property



    





 Expensed and Capitalized


 Expensed and Capitalized



    





 discontinued operations


 Discontinued Operations


 Discontinued Operations



    





 restricted share units
 and performance units


 restricted share units
 and performance units


 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    
    


    

 Net


 Net



    

 Maturity









    




    




    
    


    

 Including Discontinued Operation




 Period of Adoption


 Period of Adoption



    
    


    






    





 Fair Value



    

 Property



    

 Cash Flow Hedge
 Gain (Loss)



    

 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Realized upon Sale or Liquidation









    




    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    




    

 Inputs



    
    


    
    




    
    





 State and Local Income Taxes



    

 Repatriation of Foreign Earnings



    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 Payment



    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    






    

 Assets



    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Leasing Arrangements


 Leasing Arrangements



    

 Maturity



    

 Expected Amortization



    

 Cash Flow Hedge
 Deferred Gain (Loss)
 before Reclassification


 Cash Flow Hedge
 Deferred Gain (Loss)
 before Reclassification



    
    
    


    

 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Gain (Loss)
 Arising During Period



    
    
    


    

 Equity Instruments Other Than Options
 Grants In Period


 equity instruments other than options
 grants in period



    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    


    
    


    








    


    
    


    

 Current Period
 Net of Tax



    




    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    

 Options
 Outstanding



    

 Liability
 to be Paid


 Liability
 to be Paid



    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    

 Net of Tax




 authorized 150
000 shares; issued: 109
507 and 109
123 shares
 respectively; outstanding: 99
069 and 101
885 shares


 Value






 Weighted Average Discount Rate



    
    

 Including Discontinued Operation



    

 Nonvested Award
 Cost Not yet Recognized



    

 restricted share units


 restricted share units


 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    
    


    







 Plant



    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    








    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    

 Liability
 to be Paid



    

 Net of Tax









    

 Liability
 to be Paid


 Liability
 to be Paid



    
    




    
    




    

 Including Discontinued Operation
 Operating Lease


 Including Discontinued Operation
 Operating Lease



    

 Tax Deferred Expense
 Compensation and Benefits



    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Net Investment Hedge
 Gain (Loss)



    
    


    
    


    

 before Reclassifications
 Net of Tax















    
    








    
    


    
    


    

 Tax



    
    
    


    
    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested


 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    






    
    
    


    
    





 net / Other expense (income)

    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Operating Lease
 Liability



    
    
    


    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    





 Freight and Warehousing Costs


 Freight and Warehousing Costs



    
    


    
    


    
    










    
    



 plant
 and equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    
    
    








    

 Credit Risk



    
    
    




    

 Liability



    

 Liability
 Payment



    
    


    
    


    

 Expense



    




    






    
    








    

 Unused Capacity






 General and Administrative Expenses



    
    




    




    
    


    

 Including Discontinued Operation



    
    


    

 Including Discontinued Operation


 Including Discontinued Operation



    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    

 Liability
 to be Paid



    

 Liability
 to be Paid



    




    
    


    

 Other Adjustments



    
    
    



 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $1
314 and $638


 after Allowance for Credit Loss



    
    





 Including Discontinued Operation



    
    


    




    

 Operating Lease
 Liability



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    

 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance











    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 Including Discontinued Operation



    

 Nonvested Award
 Option
 Cost Not yet Recognized



    
    




    
    
    



 Plant and Equipment

    


    

 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals
 Loss Reserves


 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals
 Loss Reserves









    
    


    
    


    

 Nonvested Award
 Excluding Option
 Cost Not yet Recognized



    
    


    
    


    

 Non-Option Equity Instruments
 Outstanding











    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 to be Paid



    
    


    
    



 Plant


 Plant and Equipment


 Plant and Equipment



    
    



 plant and equipment


 plant and equipment


 Plant
 and Equipment and Finance Lease Right-of-Use Asset









    

 Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance



    

 Reclassification


 Reclassification



    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 to be Paid



    

 Liability



    

 Inputs



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    








    
    
    


    




    




    




    

 Net of Tax



    

 Liability
 Payment



    
    


    

 Including Discontinued Operation
 Prepaid and Other Assets











    
    








    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    




    
    



 Balance Sheet Location


 Balance Sheet Location



    
    


    
    


    

 Weighted Average Interest Rate



    

 Statements of Financial Performance and Financial Position





    


    

 Foreign Income Tax Rate Differential




 at cost
 10
438 and 7
238 shares





    




    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Unit



    
    


    

 Liability



    

 Complaints Seeking Relief


 Complaints Seeking Relief



    

 Including Discontinued Operation





    


    
    


    
    


    

 Expected Amortization



    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Realized upon Sale or Liquidation






 State and Local Income Taxes



    
    



 Plant
 and Equipment





    

 Including Discontinued Operation


 Including Discontinued Operation



    
    



 Held-for-sale


 Held-for-sale



    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    
    


    

 Finished Goods



    

 Net of Tax



    

 Options
 Outstanding















    
    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    
    


    




    

 Liability
 Payment


 Liability
 Payment



    






    
    
    


    
    


    

 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
 Disposal Group



    
    


    


    

 Including Discontinued Operation



    




    




    
    





 Current Period
 before Tax



    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    

 Discontinued Operations


 Discontinued Operations



    

 NonOfficer



    
    


    
    


    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    




    

 Tax Withholding



    

 Including Discontinued Operation



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
















    
    
    


    




    






    
    


    






    
    


    




    




    
    


    

 New Claims Filed



    
    


    
    


    
    


    






    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options


 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    

 Liability



    

 Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operation



    
    
    
    


    

 Derivative Qualifying as Hedge
 Excluded Component



    

 Foreign Income Tax Rate Differential



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 CARES Act


 CARES Act



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    




    






    

 Including Discontinued Operation



    

 at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate



    







 Including Discontinued Operation
 Accounts
 Notes and Loans Receivable



    
    



 Measurements

    


    
    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    




    
    








    
    


    

 Including Discontinued Operation



    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    




    

 Global Intangible Low Taxed Income


 Global Intangible Low Taxed Income



    
    


    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    
    
    


    
    


    

 Share-based Payment Arrangement



    




    

 Including Discontinued Operations









    
    


    




    

 Including Discontinued Operation



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Grants in Period












 plant and equipment


 Plant
 and Equipment and Finance Lease Right-of-Use Asset



    
    


    
    


    

 Measurement Period Adjustment



    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    


    

 Maturity



    
    




    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    
    


    
    











 Plant and Equipment



    
    


    

 Disposition of Business



    
    








    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    






    


    
    


    
    








    
    


    




    
    


    

 Liabilities



    




    
    


    

 Pending Claims









    
    
    


    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 to be Paid



    

 Including Discontinued Operation



    




    

 Maturity









    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested



    
    
    


    
    
    


    




    

 Global Intangible Low Taxed Income


 Global Intangible Low Taxed Income



    




    





 net / Other expense (income)

    


    
    
    


    
    


    







 Right-of-Use Asset



    










    
    


    
    
    




    
    


    
    


    

 Other Adjustments



    




    

 Net of Tax



    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 to be Paid




 Lease


 Lease



    






    
    


    
    
    


    
    





 Including Discontinued Operation









    
    

 Including Discontinued Operation



    
    


    






    




    
    
    


    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options


 Equity Instruments Other than Options



    
    


    
    




    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 to be Paid



    

 Cash Equivalents



    




    

 Income Taxes









    
    


    

 Net of Tax









    
    








    




    

 Maturity



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Inputs



    




    

 Plant
 and Equipment and Finance Lease Right-of-Use Asset



    

 Including Discontinued Operation



    
    


    
    


    
    
    








    




    
    


    
    


    

 Value
 Acquired



    




    
    





 Allowance for Credit Loss



    
    


    
    


    

 Nondeductible Expense
 Impairment Losses



    
    


    
    


    
    



 Liability
 Current


 Liability
 Current



    
    


    

 Nondeductible Expense
 Impairment Losses



    










    

 Operating Lease
 Liability



    




    
    
    


    

 Liability



    




    

 Including Discontinued Operation



    
    


    

 Liability
 to be Paid



    
    


    

 Including Discontinued Operation



    




    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    

 Liability



    

 Expected Amortization



    

 Liability
 to be Paid


 Liability
 to be Paid



    
    








    
    


    




    
    


    
    



 Liability
 Current


 Liability
 Current










 Hain Future


 Hain Future


 Hain Future



    
    
    


    

 Change in Enacted Tax Rate



    
    
    


    
    


    

 Expected Amortization



    

 Options
 Outstanding




 Expensed and Capitalized

    

 Expensed and Capitalized



    
    


    
    


    
    
    




    
    

 Shares









    

 Inventory


 Inventory





    


    

 Including Discontinued Operation
 Operating Lease


 Including Discontinued Operation
 Operating Lease



    
    


    
    
    




    


    
    


    
    




    


    
    
    


    

 Liability
 to be Paid



    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Letter Of Credit


 Letter Of Credit



    
    


    
    


    




    

 Fair Value Assumptions



    
    


    
    


    




    

 Including Discontinued Operation



    
    


    

 Complaints Alleging Injury


 Complaints Alleging Injury



    

 Liability
 to be Paid



    






    
    
    


    

 CARES Act


 CARES Act



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    




    




    






    
    








    
    


    
    


    

 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Gain (Loss) Arising During Period



    

 Operating Lease
 Liability
 to be Paid




 deferred tax asset
 increase (decrease)

    

 Deferred Tax Asset
 Increase (Decrease)



    

 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Gain (Loss)



    
    


    

 Including Discontinued Operation



    

 Including Discontinued Operation
 Accrued Liabilities









    
    



 RSUs


 RSUs


 RSUs



    




    

 Shares
 Share-based Payment Arrangement



    




    




    




    
    


    




    

 Value
 Share-based Payment Arrangement



    
    


    

 Performance Obligation



    
    








    







 Plant and Equipment

    


    
    
    
    




    

 Including Discontinued Operation
 Liabilities



    




    
    
    


    

 Including Discontinued Operation



    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Options
 Grants in Period



    
    








    
    


    
    








    














    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    

 Excluding Capitalized Interest



    
    


    

 Lease
 Liability
 Payment


 Lease
 Liability
 Payment



    

 Disposition of Business



    

 Liability


 Liability



    
    





 Gain (Loss) on Disposal of Discontinued Operation



    
    


    






    
    


    
    








    
    








    
    


    
    


    




    

 Including Discontinued Operation



    
    
    


    
    




    




    

 Repatriation of Foreign Earnings



    
    


    
    


    

 Derivative
 Excluded Component
 Increase (Decrease)









    

 Subsidiaries
 Associates



    

 Net Investment Hedge
 Reclassification


 Net Investment Hedge
 Reclassification




 benefit


 Expense (Benefit)


 Expense (Benefit)



    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Net of Tax





    




    
    


    




    
    


    

 Including Discontinued Operation


 Including Discontinued Operation



    










    
    


    




    




    

 Change in Enacted Tax Rate



    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    



 shares


 Shares



    
    


    
    


    

 Statements of Financial Performance and Financial Position



    




    
    


    
    


    





 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups


 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups



    
    
    


    
    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    
    



 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT





    




    
    
    


    

 Shares



    
    


    
    
    



 Expensed and Capitalized


 Expensed and Capitalized



    






    

 Liability
 to be Paid


 Liability
 to be Paid



    
    










    
    

 Gain (Loss) from Disposal of Discontinued Operation



    

 Tax Contingency



    
    


    

 Including Intangible Assets



    
    








    




    
    


    




    




    






    
    


    
    


    




    
    


    

 Cash Equivalents



    
    








    
    


    




    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    









 Net of Tax



    

 Options



    
    




    
    



 Right-of-Use Asset


 Right-of-Use Asset



    
    


    
    








    




    

 Net
 Cash Flow Hedge



    

 Expected Amortization



    




    
    








    

 before Tax



    
    




    


    

 Liability
 to be Paid


 Liability
 to be Paid



    

 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Vested in Period



    
    
    


    

 Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI
 Realized upon Sale or Liquidation



    




    
    
    


    
    


    




    










    






    
    


    
    


    

 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
 Disposal Group



    

 Officer



    
    


    

 Including Discontinued Operation
 Assets









    
    


    
    


    
    
    


    
    





 Fair Value



    




    
    

 Cash Equivalents
 Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents




 cash flow hedge


 Cash Flow Hedge
 Gain (Loss)
 Reclassification



    
    


    
    


    






    




    
    


    
    


    
    


    
    


    

 Tax Contingency



    
    


    
    


    

 Noncash Items
























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































begin 644 hain-20210630_g1.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 2 !(  #_[@ .061O8F4 9      !_^$AL$5X:68
M $U- H    (  P!   #     0%H   ! 0 #     0$Y   ! @ #     P
M )X!!@ #     0    !$@ #     0 !   !%0 #     0 #   !&@ %
M 0   *0!&P %     0   *P!*  #     0    !,0     (    +0!
@ 
M    %    -2':0 $     0   .@   $4  @   ( $@    !    2     $

C Q
SHP
SHQ.2 Q
M-CHS-SHQ

#(R
:   0    !   !:* #  0    !   !
M.0         & 0,  P    $ !@   1H !0    $   %B 1L !0    $   %J
M 2@  P    $  @   @$ !     $   %R @( !     $   V         $@
M   !    2     '_V/_M  Q!9&]B95]#30 !_^X #D%D;V)E &2      ?_;
M (0 # @( D(# D)#!$+@L1%0\
# \5&!
3%1
3&!$
# P
# P1# P
# P
M# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# $-PL-#@T0#@X0% X.#A04#@X.#A01
M# P,# P1$0P,# P,#!$,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,_\
M$0@ BP@ P$B  (1 0

MT4
')9)3\.'Q8W



5
M8W


MC]7;)KNQ[/(E[#_U%BSLKH'6L0;KL.PM'Y]46C_P+=9_G
Z;UGJ72S&';%4R:'^ZL_!OTJO\ K.Q28^<.TQ?C'^Z.;]X?8^F)+(Z+]9


+B


MO_-:!\=?[DWVJ[R^[_:@J++*[ 36]M@!@EC@X C\WVRH3GRG]



HL?S;(GW^FQM-5F[\S\]!^LGU6%@?G]
9%O

-7U8Y?RU?6DES_U
M4Z\[J%!P\ITYF.V=Y_PE?T1;_P 8SZ%W_;G^$70+0A
3B)#8MB
A(6%))))R




Z!EXV)U#'

[X5?^?:ED?XN?
MYGJ7_&4_]38H]/;-)-^]&]='H^LY=F'TVVRC^DVEN/BC_A[W#&Q_\RRSU'?R




M_LN7GGU-Z?A9O7+:


P\_JUE-#66




M)SCD/GQ!?E
;_9V



M=C'96-SS^B;[:V#Z;DW
7T^_*<UE-
MC:+J+2XN;#:GY.-Z?O=[+/YPLOI/U1Z5G'[5U+J.+F5N+Q<6NDNY?;7?]D+

MB?XS23]@G_1Y/_HA4HZ$1U#)/6)GH:V=N[ POK#A5U?;
\8U+6UV M=1ZY&V
I_@
M;%U=9)JKG7V

MV'$J86ADV-&P8V-]G?DV7WM]WI_I+41G6QDW].Z0[#N;1GUOKR7953JV.K;0
M]SJZ#N_26/?MW?\ !+.^L]&9T9W1
_ K=D8?1F.JBR7[9:VIC\@L&[])0'5_








MZ[TC%SZ.G7Y3&YN4[950#N?






$69V1CX^%CY%[\5MS+2RBTM!?









M-?4;*S^C=1LJR\/
&%FM#39]FN
6



M7J^E_P (K/U0&19T@YN74^C*S\B_)NJL#@YA=8^NJO;8&OVUXU5%;?:M?':]

P?G!U#OE^EK_P#1R[!9


IFPTO#RVOW%S#[;6MVS]*ISUZ
4!\T#Q1_E_C*Y6=:'^7$\-U8Y'3^MY=^)=Z+O5











XTVM=E




X=Y?+Y=V'##
M](]=E)))*VS/_];U5))))2ESGUG^K9SIS\(#[8T?I*^!: -/ZM[&_0=^?_-O
M_,]/HTDV<(SB8R1*(D*+Y9AYF7@90R<9QIOK):X.!UU_24WUNV^W</?7_PC

_X
MO_H







R/%-:JJNFME530RNL!K&-$ - AK6A3

D@:HWMU


M+_GU+TI


C9+'.O^U4W-%F/D$N+;:S]&



M:6%L7TQO9V]?4VUA;&Q38V%L95\T8SA24T$)0      $$2#:W@V(LS#J@Y

M
0 P X ,@ P X 
@ U #( +@ Q #  -       #W!R:6YT4')O;V93971U

    


M(&1O=6) ;^            !; @9&]U8D!OX            $)R9%15;G1&

M;0    !09U!S     %!G4$
     3&5F=%5N=$8C4FQT
M5&]P(%5N=$8C4FQT                4V-L(%5N=$8C4')C0%D

M9P         





M;%1%6%0    !        ;G5L;%1%6%0    !        37-G951%6%0    !
M       &86QT5&%G5$585     $       YC96QL5&5X=$ES2%1-3&)O;VP!





M#A04#@X.#A01# P
# P1$0P
# P
#!$
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
M# P
# P
_\  $0@ BP@ P$B  (1 0,1 ?_=  0 O_$ 3\   $% 0$! 0$!
M          

!  (1 P0A$C$%05%A$R)Q@3(&%)&AL4(C

WQ__:  P# 0 
M$0






M3GK_ %EV4S+?E.?;7.QICTQ(-?\ 

/#B38&5R6D
M#;66FO;[';O=_+1Z?J7UNP2_T*/)[RYW_@3'
_\ !%8'U$SXURZ0?#8X_P#?
MPFB'






M
=7C^H^IGIU?]J+M_P#P='Z7^:V











MJ+:=^OK8\;7TOGZ5E#3M_EX__%6K9R__ !3=*/\ W5SORX:YCZX=&NZ5GLZ[

R7 4/#W;(W%O
M^%8W?[??7[5Z9AW_ &G&9?L=7Z@G8^-PU^B[;[5YEU/$_9N==@W.UJ




M;7N_T?\ Q:/@_5_ZQ96
V_K'7

M0[&R&VR=6
]!]#;=S_ZBV
CIV#E96-EY%+;

P







M=D8WZMD$\E]8&VP_\=2:KO\ KBY;_&C_ 

M&_K&5ATYO4+
9S

M_P ]L6@GQV7_].GUC(^KGUG
UD_9




#8)EC
A1/@X&1U[ KPJ+:\/)S
M


M\VJ67U:S'H=DIM58+0++[-27?NTX\M=_PQ*?&)JR !_6_EQ+9$#]+4?NO.


C:-L/8[TF?F
M5[JOH;K%J
98Z2R8[NX'WH2!XHQ 
NO]9
 #&4KKBT\'C/J$]V&W)Q
NF^B[





MZ/YRU9./GU=1P6W
/I/)UC4U7
UEO]1_Z2O_ $E*J9W4WY.;?E7CTAB5MQWL

M'NFP^YY'^%R-G\W37_@65?\ $XZYR[)RL^_U
F]SRT$EW#*V_G[*A[:V_P#5

MY-D?Y-J?^@HK_P J9/J?JE=KZ U)_:Q;NUTJS'Z)TPLN!=E6.]:VFPP*6EH;
MC595OO\ 3?Z+?5^S


S[4UG\[G98+



_6/-IIR!@GJ&9TG=6'5OQJ
MZGU$$EN[^:NR_;]%VQ]*XW-Z#URTNS


IMU




M';DV79=S?U3!K+\JR8D-'JV4

M$?G76 66N_JM]M53?\'CUT4_X-=;]2ZF9?U8NIT:
V[*:Z-(W-]!G_0VKCO0

M10']9JU
8*OM63N&-N+&-80'W/;].FASMVQE7_:G*V_H/YO])D?HUI=-Z=F=
M9--E]99@L)&)B4@L:[]\4#WO_P##&7^GR;O]*K?2/JUG]?R:NI]1I;@=*:UH
MP\.))I;K3152=OZM^?=D7;/M?\Y_-V+O

MJ].I
E*
=9ZGI ?]TNAC
O =W(QOJ[=[1DO;CUL&UE-(#G-'[K)WX^/_ %OU
MF[_A%KXV-1B5FK&9Z;7:O
ESG'QMM?\ I+$1.UKG':T22HI99ST&@/Z

M
=?Q*F

M_

MC@O=]*/ZC=M;?ZBYOZG]%^TW#JF0V:*21C CZ5@YN'\BKZ+?^&_XI=JG\IBH

MZM[&_0=^?_-O_


_/0NO?5BCJ9.3


MKK=__#+I
/ZV]#R@ Z[[


M[.ZRQ/
#=1^:K!Z']&
O\%

#4^ 5W[/0T21H.Y)5







MS;@=0J-&6QP+8F0VQ[2&OV[;+&/_ 
]4

M^K]
R&5=2H;OLQ[?Z/FL_P#9?U/(_FS]#_KGT5@?6#T_^:.5ZO[
V2-WK[_L





M#Z#+^M\WTXF2'MWIOXJ2225EE4DDDDI22222G__V3A24T$(0      50

 00!D


P
3$@-C8N
30U-C8Q




Z








N861O8F4N8V]M



3
M
#
M
3E4
3 Z

SDM
#0Z
# B('AM

#$S+3 S+3$Y5#$V.C
W.C$P+3 T.C P(B!X;7 Z
M365T861A=&%$871E/2(R
#$S+3 S+3$Y5#$V.C
W.C$P+3 T.C P(B!X;7!-

3@W
M

M.#DS-$)#
#(P-C@Q
3@R
D%!
4$S-CDP





M



3$X-S
T1$(U.$9$1$4T0D$W(B!S=%)E9CIR96YD:71I


#$R+3$Q+3 X5#$U.C(T


M=$5V=#IA8W1I;VX](G-A=F5D(B!S=$5V=#II;G-T86YC94E$/2)X;7 N:6ED
M.C!-D5#.4$R,C@R,#8X,3$X,#@S.#8R,34P-S%
C@S(B!S=$5V=#IW:&5N
M/2(R
#$R+3$Q+3$R5#$T.C4Y.C4U+3 U.C P(B!S=$5V=#IS;V9T=V%R94%G





Y1#5$-#)%
C V.#$Q.# X
S@V
C$U

M0C(X

C Q
BTQ
2TQ
E0Q-CHP
#HU
BTP-3HP





M;&EC871I;VXO=FYD+F%D;V)E+FEL;'5S=')A=&]R(B\^#0H)0D)3QR9&8Z


U(B!S=$5V=#IC:&%N9V5D







M:60Z1D0W1C$Q-S0P-S(P-C@Q
3@P.#-&13 Q1C
P.#
X.4
B('-T179T.G=H
M96X](C(P
3(M
3(M
#54
38Z
#8M
#4Z
# B('-T179T.G-O9G1W87)E06=E



M87!P;&EC871I;VXO=FYD+F%D;V)E+FEL;'5S=')A=&]R(B\^#0H)0D)3QR



M86YG960](B\B+SX-@D)0D)/')D9CIL:2!S=$5V=#IA8W1I;VX](F-O;G9E



M0D)/')D9CIL:2!S=$5V=#IA8W1I;VX](G-A=F5D(B!S=$5V=#II;G-T86YC
M94E$/2)X;7 N:6ED.D9%045%-30Q,T(R,#8X,3$X,T0Q1$8P0S%$,$4Q,S8X
M(B!S=$5V=#IW:&5N/2(R,#$S+3 S+3$Y5#$P.C,X.C$T+3 T.C P(B!S=$5V
M=#IS;V9T=V%R94%G96YT/2)!9&]B92!0:&]T;W-H;W @0U,V(A-86-I;G1O


C Q
M
RTP
RTQ.50Q-CHS-SHQ


3X-

BXU
# P
# B('-T
M1&EM.F@](C(N-3 P
# P(B!S=$1I;3IU;FET/2));F-H97
B+SX-@D)3QX





^#0H)0D)
M0D)3QR9&8Z4V5Q/@T*0D)0D)0D)/')D9CIL:2!X;7!'.G-W871C:$YA


# P

# P
# P(B!X;7!'.F)L86-K/2(P+C P
# P
M
(O/@T*0D)0D)0D)/')D9CIL:2!X;7!'.G-W871C:$YA;64](D)L86-K



3 P+C P
# P
M

M1SIM86=E;G1A/2(P+C P
# P


# P





M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @



         $G-21T(@245#-C$Y
M-C8M

V
3DV-BTR+C$
M                                                     %A96B
M      #S40 !     1;
6%E:(                     !865H@

M       N245#(#8Q.38V+3(N


M
BXQ                                  !V:65W       3I/X %%\N




M;H)SPGE?L*$0HGCT*5 IJH$*F JNL4*W KSPL+(@LYU$+:0N Y@+
ML O(^$+^0P2#H

C@RG#
 

M#?@.$PXN#DD.9 Y_#IL.M@[2#NX/0\E#T$/7@]Z#Y8/LP_/#^P01 F$$
0
M81!^$)L0N1#7$/41$Q$Q$4\1;1&

2XQ
#
M$R
30Q-C$X



MHQS




.


M2 5(2TB12-=)'4EC2:E)\$HW2GU*Q$L


%JX8.AG*&UX<[AY^(!(AIB,Z),XF9B?Z*9(K*BS+
MEHO\C&.



M0)ZNGQV?BY_ZH&F@V*%'H;:B)J*6HP:C=J/FI%:DQZ4XI:FF&J:+IOVG;J?@
MJ%*HQ*DWJ:FJ'*J/JP*K=:OIK%RLT*U$K;BN+:ZAKQ:OB[  L'6PZK%@L=:R


#LP6?!X\)?PMO#6

MO\@]R+S).LFYRCC*M\LVR[;

MTT33QM1)U


M @(# P
# P
# P
#_]L 0P$! 0$! 0$! 0$! @(! @(# P
# P
# P
# P
#
M P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
#_\  $0@!.0%H
M P$1  (1 0
1 ?_$ !\    & @

M +40  (! P0! P

11!
B
55%%F$D
M
;GZ.GJ]/7V]_CY
M^O_$ !\!   & P$! 0            8%! ,' @@!0 *__$ +41  (! P($
M! ,%! 0$!@8%;0$ Q$$(1(%
WQ]?G]TA8
M:'B(F*BXR-CH^#E)66EYB9FIN<G9Z?DJ.DI::GJ*FJJZRMKJ^O_=  0 +?_:
M  P# 0 $0


M?'?HAS1=D]J;5Q&?=_%3[2ILG39+=4]0^GP0S8:CEEGQ

M9$#


MF/:K*O\ 3D_R(I_PM^71/_C!_
?[!IOE-MKLWY0[_P!U[MV3-1Y_#R4]+DLO






M_-T(^&_G:_%BN










-;*55
]^Z]US5BI5E8JZD%6!(((-P01R#[M@ $'/7NC-]7?
[Y1=-
MS4C;#[OWY14%&T;1;?S&:FW3MC0C#5#_ ':W-_%L-&DJ#2QCA1]/T8$ @8[-
MS_SEL#H=LYAN5B7\#.9(_L\.34@_( _/HYLM_P!YV\K]+N
H4?A)U+_O+5'\
<'F/[QX[*5BQW
M8PQU&/B=OH8QQ[F/9?O%;I$T47















MMK*F18J:DI():JJJ)FX$


91P+V









MS#/)7[-G*

M4KDHQZ%&Q\T[ELI5%D\6R_WVV1_M3Q3\JCU4];0/QD^8O2_RJP$5=L'-'';J
MI\?!D
_UWN%Z:CW?A(I=*&K^SCGEBS&&:4@)74C2PV95E\4I
0S%Y/Y]Y?YT
MMA)MEQHO0@9X'H)4'K2M&2O!UJ. .EL=3'L_




M9;+UIC(@I:=))I2#9; D$^][YM7+NW3[IO%VL-E&
D\2?)5 RS'R502?3I)?
M7UIMUM)=WDP2!?
^?R XDGR SUJM_-K^9=V9\GJG)[(V0V3ZWZ/
LD V[3U(



MX8-))1ZS

+#Z.P;/B7%4J/Z
=#(U1P.D*?XNA7M?)V];GI;P/!M


M]^Z]U[W[KW7O?NO=-V4Q6+S=#48S
XV@R^-JT

M/




M'








MSWQ-N;?N1DH-M4-1

GW%0QTJ(

-,K+X%D?QL,D?T%P6^W
M_/K8W^-GP ^-WQDBH
AM79\.Z=^TJH\O9&]XZ7.;G6I ]4V$5Z=
7M9%8L$_


IZ

K:LCC5421449_Q73]U(?]






MMOWCI 57=^65(\VAE(_8CJ:_\Y!T3W'MZN3:[D1\G6O_ !H$?\=Z6&/[&VQ7


M;



ILG3Q3:2BU5$TR&?'5\0:\

MO+=)(3Y
*_F/0_
9ZHL^4G\ER(ID=W?%3/LD@\E0_4V]


@X=1KO/M[\



M7[^G#[H(R[?P*
EQT+Y/
5M+((89)Y8VU0
M95^UWNI;W.X[3R/*EU/$4=8[J9U
CNH9P&0#LC*J5C!DE=3I4LP-5E?E7FI)




ME-I:7-].EO9PM).QP!_JP!YDX'$];
?PQ_E-==].Q8O?W?T.([1[.3P5U%MI


Z1WF\

:?E^(_
X'D
5ZN
55
M1555JHJJC2JJO   X  ^@]SR  *#AT/NL4\\-/$\]1+'!#&NJ269UCCC4?

;-*QH  23





=);FSM;R
M
Q7=NDD?HP!_97@?F




G\+5




J:HWX
ME/13NVR[?O
'@WT()'PL
.O^E/\ D-0?
'K5;^9/\OSMSXD9.;
5
4F^NH:R



MB1JM$['X9&/^A

/&T4










V-RDUI(NI70AE8'S!&#U&DT,L$KPSQLDJFA!%#\Q

3DL!N'%8[.8/
451CLMA\O1T^0QF2Q]5&T-515]#51S4U52U$3%




MG
ZILM_)^LH_28_B _ ?F!\/J


]^Z]T8WXO_&/L3Y5]H8_
MKC8=.*:!0F0W;NRL@EEPNS=NI*D=1E\B8RC35$A;QTE*K+)5U! H@DDC%W)
MW)^Z\Z[S%M.V)1?BED([(HZY9O4^2K6K-C J0;[-L]WO=XEI:B@XLQX(OJ?\




B[N:U$S5ZV#_@S\;OYDU+OGIWO+Y!?*VJW)UED
74
M;GW!U'DM\;PW+F
CCMS[-RB8*DS44^&@VX





M/V='_
^U[[N8L_W'NOTI37K[F7773I^$'X:-Q'GUJM]Q_+'^8=T7VAO?J/?O



XN(FTFCDC[0?0C(_P '



M


M-M3M62W8G0WJR'/AR4X

 !T0;UR_9[W%25=%T!VR 9'R/\ $OR/Y$'H


M9'561E*
K@

S7^6\G71S?R*ZP9&P
M999LGV3U_BX4V-+(WDJ-U;;I(AZ=FRR
6K*1!;%


#_0C^-1_9\1^G41Q#S?RD+02;KMD?\ BO&1!^#^
MDH_@]1^'B.WX:

M?CLE0U
=50UU%50LLT%725
2R1R*0R.H(-Q[40S36TT-Q;R
D\;!E930JRFH
M((R*@^1ZNCO&Z21L5D4@@C!!&00?4=;D/\OGY@4'RTZ;IZ[-5%)!VUL1:+


/DU/R((X


]^73?&KI%ML[0R?VO;?;461V_M:6FF$==MK;Z1



4^9W9NW))CL;2AC%3P(






M*_L.I?D O5VOL
=2/U[W[KW6NW\^/Y7V*V9UK\A_D_L_Y%=RT^X\9-N[MFJV
MCF
C356V)OXEG:C.9/;^

MRV




6U \^R#:=[?:TDC6TCD1FJ=7'TP?]@]#'F'



MH



N

'HY(# @BH/6IS_

MYI]T;*KI(I


M!EZ#9N8Q$WW.)W@::JQU2\

MZT2%!8\ .M
W^8=NON+L/Y!9/L7MG:.?V%0;JHF7JG9^[4BQFX\5U9A:^LQV
MWJC(;7J*C^.;?;


M@58FG#HB7N

2GR'\9'J?P^@[N)%-



M'R^+&S!WNU#)*@RH.T8(+5!^1ST(/^SN_#7_O*_P-_P#Z.KKO_PR+VF_


MXI8-ILHID*R!
@X(R3D=8Z\UW$-YS'NUQ;3+) TF&4U!HH%01@BHXCI[_ED_
M]EZ?&3_Q(:_^Z+

MI
G-%*G

MDOVO74?R0



M^KHX
-EZEG;PP18+=M/CZN:8@E*2.=00')]M\Q6'U^USJ%K-'WK]J\1^:U'V


MM0#JCX6XWYI=F_S1MLX[[:B[6V+W#D-T=2YFID$-.

2%BPN\





 5=2#[%:.LB+)&P*
 01P(/ ]1
MW+%)!+)!
A65&(8'!!!H01Z@];4_\EGYZ?Z2]I4_Q+[3S0EW_L+$23=2YC(U

WL:E6]




MEVUE:'.8+
T$@BK

HD@J(E8!@5:UB1[6V=Y=;?=VU]93
M-'=PN'1EP5934$?81T]#-+;RQSP.5F1@5(X@C(/6RA_+X^:WR.^26]=K4O;+

MW


E<#*Y!7CIB+TT/Z9:HC\
M
M]



7)=R2Q-23Y]
M38    



_




1!NC_W'7V9;+_R6ML_YJ=!

M /3G_ .LG^3O^58V3_FD/^/'H]WLJZ$W5 '\HS_LL?\ F=?^)?/_ +]+N?V+
M^9_^25R__P TO^?$ZBSD/_DO\Y_\]'_62;H-OYV/P)_B5)6?

'J'[:YGL[B*[MI2EQ&P92/(CA_Q7 \#UNS]-?+[:OS-

MQ


M[8_\JY)_SU/_ 


M:1IH-==N#)LVZ-FC0#+4/D:.F%311@
YKZ:.--(GE)B'WAY(_K;RW)=VD-




7[Y3O_ .5?8.?QM0U3M;9L
MYZUVC()C+3U&%VC6UU-49*C];QK2YK.5%961$6U13JQ )(& 'NMS*.9^==UN
MHFK9VY^GBS@I$6!8?)W+

MT&NIV
QF0S62Q^'Q-%/D
KEJZDQN

M/JY^(_EP'R Z








M_P#-+_GQ.HLY#_Y+_.?_ #T?]9)NK\

M5=#D
?74\E+6T-935$;P5%)5TTS1R1NI1T8@@@^P:C
C*58A@:@CR/4GNB2H

MJRY?K_)5

A=Y5J!'+G+^[KNMH/$(^KCH''KZ
/D?


M;WFC[(\['F+8#L=_-JW;;U@DYD@X1M\RG]FWR$DENH;YRV;]WWPO8$I:SD

5'72



M=[;*K$.  R.6570@D


C1
CQF8+4$5! (KYCY^G534/\M?




TQY-U(



HNWNT^D
3U;V'M/L.78^T-WQ
M[HK-F9N@W)A\759[




MC85-7K6/05&]-UX':]/6ICQ3M7O239ROH8ZE:%:N(S%PB$J:K:A=)';SW!(
M@@=Z?P@GCPX#HSN;RRL]!N[N*)36FME6M.--1'HKZ=:(G\P7?NT.SOF;\@]


M


G-5U;WO


M=LM1&IE8





W_&
MY::H3'9'=,E-%CXJ2;3)-0SU4EEH7%?*NU32WBWT\16WCRM134W 4KQ XU
M]:=1][A\QVMMMDFT6EPKWD] P4@Z(QDUIP+84 \02?3H[_\ +.I^LL#\)_CM



U0[=S
M@^=0Q((.13H^TLL4

%PF)S6
R.Q?XW
M]C+*M'5UM5G\T(XIB)O%$#I%9)Y
6Y2UNTEC98-8*D@BI((:E?L7J#/=%[


-1&?3+#(R$$
1[%US EQ!-;RC]-U*G\Q





EA]HSX;+8RGS6.DR6
RU+
MN+-1S8ZOH5J35T=8K$$1R(K
C*P!5@3#_


J[Q?
T;!2U0:&A%!D=9+\E7-




=.E1D-G[PH(YFP&Z

=-%5T


H&I?\

?IU?3


MV;N+-15+4%

M2QQ;E#


IS._\ S#G\0?Z/2AX_YN#WC[_P.O-^JG[XVW3Z

BZ17



R0P0S3O'&T9P/S+SC?BS^KEGE.3J8B-!YL0.U0/DM2

[T51;=I?]./R%[:W-NV6G22M_T4T6SM








M\&64B






_P NB\?\
0_3_G;=X_^AYM__PP;V8?UPW;


M%M+:3K'X34K0$'!!'F?
=&.T\C[-LU_#N-F\YN(PU-3 CN4J:@*/(GSZ/7V_



M_H?9-:W






MGH4R^YLO69K(I0TTNS*B2C6KK7$2-([*E@68BY40\V;I!#%BQ:$4**J:T

=\L_Y='0'S-W?
;?\ _L&]F?\ 7#=O]]Q?[R?^@^B/_6QY<_WY=?[VO_0'
M5C/QB^,W7/Q,ZOBZCZMGW+4;5@SN7W#')NO)TN6RWW^<:G-6K5=%C<5:<-3
M+H7Q77FY/LAW_FW*X-S.%\2@&!04'YGH7;-L]IL5D+R9S &+=Q!-3QR /3
MTZ



M

M\4)^P+6


MV^*ZHQVV=MTNR]XX^3(5%)CJS+5KR9#


$S/076N%^*?4N=








MFAS3 9'U*012HK1@:'AY])9)[ZRGC*W)\1:


4L.B(N6(#8
M#*M 
9JWKY=6RY'X'_S&8J65\1_-W575P1C!39+K1L52R2VA)JRFW;EY84


A@\A4X.AJ@U+5(8



M=VU

9G\#4)24U?A\W]U'3M44%;C#/05T-5031R1B29 %#+(P;B0]KL
E5


M?;^%FBS^/SL])3QO(U


M;K*RM[1K6V6
LY!IYXZ][=;YNN[7FY1[C?O
J1*5#4P2Q!/#H]/\R7^8EA_A




I$

;4=65%H(9W])6;?OVTWLJV][M44;
: Z59:_.

ZH*LH=TD '$K1R&IQ(P?0'I]_DC?)_O?N

QG4/]X
'CM[;JRFXTH:RBWCMK&5-?3ME*FHF^Y
&86-G
M+%BK6)Y]TYMV^SM;.VEM[5(V

*S=&X(JB8




I4@]OS!-/
 9Z-'_*-[O[V^4WQL^2F/W_W

M+N9K2SVZ_L&AM5$&FK*

M1JFGGT2?Y]?\.
FO^G35=.BFJM
FNJH]/AZ.



3BQS5N#;GS#NM


MT!O?_P ;NDOE+LFBZY[\V%0]B[*Q^Y

M
17.T%)EJF

M)*NF1:K7IVZ5Z)ZE^.FQJ?K7I39.
Z^V+2Y+(9:GVWAYLA-0PY+*R++D*J-L

_
MX4A?]EZ;'_\ %8^O_P#WXG;ON#?='_E8K?\ YY$_X_)T2;G_ +D+_I1_A/2/

MUM*]X]Q;3^/_ %+OSN;?

YEZ?!PT55FJN(3P4M/18FGR61Q-!/





5H[X_]];NKVIVK_DJ[9_STQ_\ '^B?F+_D


MV-B


MW\G._.]]G[\AGVAW53Y%*'JV+:'\



M=CE+%(


90





ECZJ+CR4U925#QN/RK'W \;M&ZR1M1U((/H1PZS!EBBFCDAF0-&Z



MJWL1\G4_K/LM?]_#_ :?SZ4V?^Y

R





/-+.


6B]C+DK_<N_P#](/\ .HJ]UO^
M2=M7_-9O^.]48?RWO^RZOB__ .)5PO\ UJJ_8OWW_DD;A_S3/^3J
N4?^5FV


_UU$D6[Y_NN





.2.15='4@@@D$'WEJ*CA

M?Y!]*[=^173/8'2F[*[(8W;_ &#A4P]?DL2M*V3Q[0UU'DJ2MH1705-(U325



4V_[L0%M*VIJ9CS/^:IXD#HGNKF

(@8@%V/PK@?MH




SC)MKT%/'090345/

%?ZN[Y7_
M )0IO^K3=?/A]S9UBGU]!KX1?]D:_%#_ 


*

UC*?$18'*4N;7#;?Q=.LUZNE85T[T[:7A
M.I6NQG]RR;O+
U+C=ZY?(8F/;F<S55M'&
M;WPV*HJ6*22KB_CF!KS]O)*R,]4J0!\J^VSL<_[H3=TE5HO-0#4#45)_(\?


?99!=W5J=5K<O&?

M_7W#G64G58W\XO_MW;WY_U%=3_P#OY^N_9YRQ_P E^S_TK_\ '&Z!ON!_
MRJ6Z?\VO^KR=:/ON6^L;.OI=^X(ZS%Z][]U[K7M_X4(?\R<^/7_B3-T?^\M%
M[&7)7^Y=_P#Z0?X1U%7NM_R3MJ_YK-_QWJC#^6]_V75\7_\ Q*N%_PM57[%

M6W/GGVCT#_I Q6+[&S75^Q=JY4XO;^8W1A


M*@&AX_





G9.Y?DYV[_ ##OEODL]N2N
MV9V3WMBMI=98#)9/)/B=O[9VS197(TD4.(FG-!3Y5MGYG;L%1(D4;@TW]'L(

MPZ__TCE?\*)_A;E=F=NX+YF[
Q




L?L&/.


6A8E%!6^+\XU;MS



L*?RJ?Y=2


M 6N%;



M](47U
1[CJZMKG=-[OH;90TK2O2I PI/F?D.ILV^]LN7^4]HN;YRENMO%4@$
M]SJ#P&?B/6JU_






M*T3R


46&R



M


M+54&XMOT\N+QV1H:U+:
ACY-LP.C*=2%%/X




59B:
MQ$K*+;V*QU;/+1O41QR5M9)%40WBAUR'W-&]0&U?;K-PS
0'(X*!G37U-
TX

[#R]N5EN<%W=1JL*!OQ DU4KBE?7J(.;^==BW78KO;K61[B4I3L


DM3524]#1R


:

MO.V7\X)@BE#-3)IYT'GUND=6?S%_BSW)UOW%VML3=V?KMH=#X+&[C[+J*W9F
MY

MW U(I^SB./61%ES9LFX6=_?6MPYM[50TE48$ AB* C/PGA7K6Y_F-_S'MD_+



0:!I#4:C2N!I&E:YR2:5H-GKXJ_-+H;YBXO=%?TCE\[7C8W]W8]


M=:$$&M*5_P (X]3-LG



C4N)H)E?-TRI]W4TZ.9#9






_)'9W



C

1








M20P/R(R#TB!92&4D
.KG.K_^%!G\PKKKTV$SN3ZC[@-%E/#E^T.OZPYIH8
M55(A55W76Y^O5KYT10&FJ$EGE-VD=W)8CFT]RN9;6
1R/!/3SD0U_:C)7[3G

.]*B'9NP
MM'8&5W!(
=1X?HOJV6OW-DY)



&^SB]WJ9X8FXM(2TS


 #R Z-XH(X4\-%[?\ #]O0:[FZ?ZGAW%G8


VW_P#6

VW_];O?O


4B*2)&C
M] 1CACACI

M^\+_ )NO?Z).I_\ GV/7O_H&;;_^MWOWU-S_ +_E_P![/_077OW?8_\ *%#_


MOQFJR65VOA








M]MV\Y.N0O)3^C$K4!_YJ



M.P






L
E--]O64E#%40&65T;2PU(Q!X)'NC3SNK*T
MSE3Y$DCK:6=I&RO%:QJXX$*H/[0.E94TU-6TU11UE/!5T=7!+355+4Q1U%-4
MTU1&T4]-4P2J\4T$T3E71@59201;VV:@@T(Z4$!@58 @C(Z0G^B3J?_ )]C

M?_0

MIXS'YJ&.#-8^@V[B**BRT$*RB.#)TD%'%#D(XA42 +*K@:VL.3?TCW D'B2L



W5%L+!L_10ZO](O^;I08':6U=KBJ3;&VMO[

M$

*)L]A



MC'!(O[=:'_C/1E#[@[
P GL)D;Y!&'[=2G^71J/CW\LO@K\F.QJ+J_KCIJDC
MW/78K*YB



F)VWA,/M_%122RQ8S
M!XVCQ./CEF<R32)14$,%.DDSG4Q@L3<^WXXHX511JJ^@  _8.K  @&.GC

O*KM/N+/=?;?K-U





M:2!R1J! HPS0@CS%2
^1Z?1UCEYQ*U!E


M\+\.C


+?D&WL#;ERYOVS$C=MENK91YR1.@_(LH!^T'HYM]PL;NGTMY%(?Z+ G]@
]^Z]U[W[KW7@#<  WN  !<DG@  <DD^Z
















M
DR-&S*P/LVM^2O9G;@--D+MZD5

MZ

T._ ^)M<-M.


R$:64
M

&LJQ978^([2&K(%!RY P
4XG/26_W.3=[R:^F




M7'?R3

W5QHW6[MR?[2OYJP_R$];0?O
7J9.





JQ5
@\L%1'JB.1_/%O]'O
TZO+%'*

M[NZTW9A-Z;8S-



M'QEK

M+VPP:BNDM%%Q+.&MC^-B.TMPJ1J UB@JNM)
%1-$W^*W/#T'59?R5_F4[$EQ
M^6ZZZ*K




-N&GS SCJS*!YX#4_(T(Z9\!V]N2@&(QE*F+BI<)G<J*6,4DDH7



'O!ZU1CJ$I.XR5;E@Y44Z@RK44*LA%M!7@B_+W[ZOFVG;)_





S76G^0W8



P%(IE5Q]
MI%#^TJ3U6-[ASH']'0_EZ=C)U?\ 





MS8XDC##[4-/\#$_ET!E/

MB
MOAZW*X;)T=4J&:BS.)GP^;S
.+RL -XZBB






*FV8C7'7B/XE_I#R/GP/R@5U#58VKGH:R%H:JFD

M4'\



MY??*8_%3;.W^I^JJ;&;H^4O;U'/-M?&5
#9'%[$VY\E-ENTMZTL!$HVOMUH
MY8\=2N4;,9&0+:FIZZ6FS&VNRVKV;Y137$L_-=X!J XO)2ND&A*P0BI9Z4P
MST+



 #)\SZ
MGJ!V=W[LWI+:U5O_ ''5&FTS&B3;E)$6S&Y\W.U1C%QV!Q



K5+U2U&
M=GJLI/4Y[)2SE9&61FIX2J(@811NKME-M=E.MT+JVFOJDAB9E2
MQ$*:3I'$

&0'\F4$](Z5P?YXZ
+U[US@\/M7+;YW7)0Q?801U-

MU.

M'=])B/#!C-W9B*EVY3=9[WDI/XUCZG8O7..JJK:_76(=9I
1]Y&:[=%3%#)'
M7YJKCD6*
)WVZ[KO

M?
VW<)6_94%.-WYJDS3;)R.=8-18C<^S-PXAJ#'/7-(HKZ
MRHI:G$Q2WT*I(N)23[NX\P0PP2M91ES]/+





MQ_[XM5J?]+%8M_GZ]*160CS;_*_6'/93S8S&QV4
^1P9N6+%GBV_0@L=!-R?






VWNNL'EJ&6K@2J86_BL8)^OTM[)9^;=DBL+

C




M)$3Y)0ITK\ZSB-42\*DT4(A:EDBH % ^,QQ_PFT+QH.K40Y$8_9_GZRTO1
M6[J=:9*+JBMQXGBFFI(*?$QXQIH8J#=F:J'AIT-


MM
M7X:85KU-

I.@B0[M]GYS



M5T:BD5#!T %*-21QSQM:7



E#Y5IY]1K[C6U;2QO%

M1S)44U1$YOIDAFC5E/X(]J(I)(9(YHG*RHP((X@@U!'V'JRL49'0T8&H/H1U

:Q;]W%9434SBYL\1%


&9P.3H-.J26F=H +7^YA(GIA?\:IHU!_P/LMYZV+^LO*6^[.
27^&[CQM/3U*RX)2])N3'8G[K=F
EI#R#54 L&8?0ZO80WC;O'
MB
RBC =R^9']$L0A(XCN'GYTZ/I('[#_JS_+H%3N/)/DHLMCUIL97HZ.LM
M'/39ZE








J$^GLYN7LC,;]^5/<DI/<O=V5@R6-IJ:::2;K7:-3'+1[V=A:5\
M94/2;6_@



;WW%)X



P9++O)'MG%SHV0GI*
F:^3/];5.\G7'X_LK=^R$5)ANP:S&LDC2;5

M&S@'^Y

'
M$YBA@V5L.CI
5LS&38Z3K[9N AIL+B.L\I@:*JPS458V/QM%%E_XI25D\S1+



X)2LVA)




-2-19'+46[*O ;.

L_
O
'Q4@AD.I==)8TERM9-1TR1H#3R!/EU?4ND$BN/\ B^E7
MLFBPV J\)LO6@Q&WZ+]?[PEQPZ)
VVH)V(JPR #/<L]K,PIYF2UMIR?5M7$UZV%H/+_BQ_D'
[<_58K

M:FD89QMVYJCW3-BL3N/=\V#D(QN8RVY83!38.K:JI
YHC\+0DSYY5Y5V!K

9'


?DOXW4K6]













H/E0GS%.'2J.1G4*U*C]


]C:.&6&MVMGHJJA1TL;
MQTSU%)+CU,$^*IH(ZCC*D:!5*C2

:3$JI:FM:YZ

MV[F\1@@/8.B;&LC_ -5&;?\ -F


4
ME






M !O[S^0N5JEZJV-7Y3#1S34=9OK+N







(

M:46[A4^M
6Q&




M]^Z]U[W[KW7O?NO=:5_\PCHEOC]\I^P]JTF/6AVMN.J7L#9GA1XZ27;^[9JF
ML:GHHI&D:&FPN;CK


W#.=B[^FP&PMV9:
MD&T-T3TL-1E*F7'8JH1:7;F4AI
HQ_*T17Z


M\&;1#(P\*0@%B54XC8+(?])\^A=RDVX6&\6MS%8S- _8^E&(T-YX'!31ORZW



2\T+*?*C




W5F*/!!1PN?3JI2@W


MQ$J1(1VYUA=$A802E




[B]O8H/)D

Y(]W;WH)4:?-]Q]K14]758


E$4'PU_(FO^F-



I)-17\@



::0I!3Q*TDKHBLPO.T5LLU
MU/
D5K$[$NV$7P8_#2IIQ

M=V/%CYT\R3^T]

M)2[6W518&?8NT-PMBMO=RX6+.92LK





M2E35UE+34J3UKD+GV[:6EWN5[^WV9
M*++KKQ 5I;XH13X)IZ N#IR#UX$NP(SGR^U3_ )3U8;\:_@-W#MG9'6-5





1

.M77WAIU#77O?NO=;07\EKHA





!I5B0

M.(IDB0IZ/0J-H/\ K



U5/GNONL

MQ41EBUV8B5E*_M@Q.S=S[PT9$&_37.6N!4U&&#!B
4 P11:L7646%_*35U



M]DU6[=QEH%C*.U'N+!)(BR:'







I2K5.*GU

C4I\]ODM@O)6+E:RAVQF!1U6.P8R4]91;1VWCLE'/B:JJQV(S&?DH=


M&1Q-


MF@ZO=[QV/!U[3=.?RY:*LQE55S[8P?R;_F [KQ=2*F@W-+25R_Z-.D5RE0\-

J'WBYC3D#E)=BVA_P#=[N1TLX^.E*
1

M?;S).E;V4
LC


M[^^







JS&[:.HV7D\!CXE@J#B*
M6'*RTDSPS&6K'8K78H&6$(UX*#Q !J=A6:)UXE59P86& VE:U/2N@2HC +#S
M_F/\U/V]+AOX=0R35*5]9OG<%+C,]2=18FAQ\SHW/MB'H_Y%] 8+K78N
;)
M39'
5&P^[\OA

D.VP$T1@@7C5?!G@&KT*3
F2%



06B#2+B11J( H





/Q2L!4 ^:QBB+ZT+4!8]01S!N[;SN
KZ;$X/ 8ROS6:R=9((J3&XK%TLM;D*^JD/$
M=-24D#R.WX52?8TN+BTMY[NYE6T2

.%KJP879&+J?\YAMCX5I*7;](8KLL


6];;LED/\8N95


)J)A'KE9577(S-:Y]](-ML+;:


)D!&Y'W='0TDZ#E9 ?I:P]]



MGE;)QYZJ.KB%1:QW_5'DSFN%MRY1W:-)1^*!P5!\@Z U3UI13T(H/W?N49FV


MM^0#Q]/;-ON


ICDA92/'):Q'&KZ L2OO30+)J







6K'RM?64U(,6IXE8TKJ0YIZ,02P8<6


M/3XC ID_+_H;K;=_E&_ .'95+MCY*]CXZI63 86HP'Q]VME\1_:K$T-71S

H=Q;HI7GH
SS 0


M.QM&CAXT2=HI)%:@.2!&: USGB 0M$C06
MP

2#&4L.*I\;27%U44U&B+QQ<7]R#-@J5 %9%./5S:NW[6
M)/Y]!4MJ+5X4_D-0'\ND[).RB3D7CIXD!(_W;
74#BW-R/:68$+
!Q2W1!_I





)'[!_L]6==9_RUMW9&+$93?6Y
=T=L+ [CGR^ VKA
MJ;%9?==)MV@^0&Q/D;L#!2I+[8VV-L9K'YW&.5
FSXS)F-H$(*^S^79-OV

  *-












?+?-UTKRS4$$YJ2_P#OJ32 I+C-0$L
M-+%BX(E'E+G&XNKE=MW:8

MJ3K0])[^K+R_WWZ/:AV6:BJ J)%?


BG[.I&DLX9


M?W-UAO\ ZKW53PI+-@M];4S6VL@L$W^8G%'F*.CJI*6H6/T2*C1L!QJ'L)W+


RD$\*^N


D








M;UVZ

/&J)
^:N:;3EZS9Y5$FXRN6BB]0=$DE
B

MDD\57R4#R\NT84 * *=*;VXC;3;6XI;I_

Q$M)3

M^/\ \/SNG9F2V#TMMV'8OQLR-%W+LW

MOVC7[JZPV;E\S!5T


I1X#![7CKGIZ2GH**B!V_MK'4K)204:SI1


M !8 ?3WFO'&D4:1QJ%C4   4  P  
  8 '#J&F8L2S$EB:DGB3T5/YC_*G:


MU_B;_


E[/(7=CQ+
:G[!Y # %
&^5H91B<!MW%-3S[@GIZ^:(4-3F4IITAIJ8,S-55$(<+&S.!OR5
MR7N?.6]6-A;P2+8,_PK-0Z4C6A<AB*%Z$!5_B9:T!KT=;'LMSO-[!;Q(PMR







L;!XY8I$*O')&Z@J
MP(((N/;RLRL&4D

MDJR54;M#;N.AM_&J=G(\N[
93(/XG +O4(/O([J:A*?-/VA]SDYJM(]BWF8#
MF.!










;4S%/MS)U
#ZY6PFY$@FV_FTL;B6DK)$(7T
I!()+F
MSYAVO4-RV5RE?CB[AQK6@-?SJ

6QD=5))//%!+UENO!4U(:B<O-*8
M,?EVN[?0G_6E3D&U:WOHHFC4%(36B*H)IGX5'$]5L.^[#5X ^?RIUN\8S*B
M7M2JE=O3+5U^

!N/O 7T\LE$DN+BU^5(HF
MB2GVM$OYFO4YWMCX?(D

9SZ

S'0I
M9NV


HGR57+4NH






GR 'F3P ZTR/EM\IM\?+3MG)=A[J:3'8.D\V*V'LZ



V2: 44
Q)-  JDGTZ=CC

M3]@!ZW%_P7]\/*?XG=21TNX*F+
]I;Q6#([RRR&5Z;#THDJ*S%[*P:SB]+




M;3V[OK;&?V9NW$TF=VQN?$UV#SV'KD


MQOFW\1-U?$3MRMVK5K693K[
77S1(D[EVZ9D@KHP
M$UWCJ%18IXQ[P]P^1KSD;?)+*0
^URU:WE/XTK\+'AXD=0'&*X8 !AUC]S%
ML4VQ7[0-4VSU


A!!&.!'6V=_+\_F&[9^5.!I-A;\J
?M






M=1%+&Q#+*LBL#8@CV?[-[Y\];9I6^G@OK?A2:
!J?)X]!)^;Z^D-YR5LEU4Q




MT2(K $D@#FP








M0 JJ!0  8  P 


M86_15U0JMM]6;:J9UV!L'[D/'1HP:([BW#X6--7[LR4!L[C5%1Q-X(5\DLV
M?N'[A;CSWN?B.6AV:$GP8:\/+Q'IAI&'$\%':OF6@?F+F*YWZY#&J6:'L3T



EBY9-7@K*?6B5E$[&:CF8

MW254Y5Q\+KZCY^HX@_*A);/8.Z*.G79O-;:S&-W#MW*Y'!9WUU-D\1F
35









T=B$AD-/


MK&=-0P9[WUE
DG)7)=HQ2Q8EV \EB4(@^=$+$#A4 ]1PUR?%O;J3



%308W;^#QU-#

3MX5I_ IX

M?H_RL?-CD^5!0 IWL]$?7O?NO=7;_RU?Y;TW:-?BN^.^









/YJW970




M^)

MIX8


V)4!D*D@4M[D&P#_O+9(_-/

OR][2
MSF
E;O=;D15\_#-6:GR:./0?]/T*O;S;UNMW2:1:K$I?\Q0+^QFJ/LZO=]XP





MLP_HD1\#K:A7J/M^YZM;

MW[V5NK+[QW;FI-==F
[WKW%](<NQJ?D .J/)5 51@ #J)+N\NK^=[J]G:2X;B3_ (!Y



K_;)A1[A^U6[\DS27EN&
MNN72W;
!W1UX+

M'HPX

/
'^1' CY&HZOA^-7\ZRBJ%H-L_*+:+
MT
2?*7W@XV$-GSE8
MZ7X?40H^V2+B/4F,FIX1@=25M'N$IT0[S!0_P_$&/]LG'[2M?DHZNYZO[D

O\Q28K$]L[6I,EG.D^PZJ'QU6
MU]W&F5OX1D:^&6L_N=NUJ:*ER<(294 BJEADFIHE]DF_;+:;[M\UC=(*D55

M5J8

M5RSSUVX\?U:-[Q;
SF6J9G=JS.S479&0BK:ARTM5+$)Y&:665V]S)O\ )S$^
MTW

\2[)
TB 

M2UIH)'Z]K]ZSLM*L[U#]A;JW%O2$2GS1'73TN?2


YB]MQSKRQ

MU8*G45(/\YG*EA_1***



ME@)!#?PY
G

'^E-E*?\TQ(1Y@=
M_=N=]GVX.EN_U-P/)#VC[7X?[SJ/RZU[OD[\_OD3\HY*O%;LW





M3BWBJL?RUFNJ0\/C)4'*JO46[SS/NN]%DGFT6O\ OM
+_MO-OS-*\ .B2^XY
MZ#G7O?NO=STSTAVC\@-ZT/7_4^TZ_=6X:L6=:95AQN&Q^I8YLOG\M.8Z##
M8JG9@&FG= SE8TUR.B
?;!R[O'
^X1[9L=BTUTW&F%1?-G8]J*/4GC@5) *Z
MPVZ]W2=;6Q@+S']@'JQX ?
_9QZV2?B-_*/ZQZ8JL'OWNO(P=K]E8RHH\K0X














./<'7




1O6\RRP5J(P=$0_YMI133R)!/SZ ^X[










^&W-B*[#5XC+
B5$5/70PM44DY4F.:/7%*O*


MZ][]U[KWOW7NLZSN@30J(1$\19476P=F+
S
+A[-IN+$*+?UN[J(II].K5_A




MV[]R4?7N\LE@:[&8#L?;6)K52DW-M*LG
U+DL?D\+5TU4RQ32R4Y;Q2Z95=!


MJ::MLE-B






Q+

:9(_W?L\B6A /
MC3 Q1 , 0P9A5P00?TU<T(-*&O1]MG+6\[JR_3V;+$:=[U5*'(-3\6,]H)IG
MK8&^)?\ *?Z@ZR&+WQV/DSV_P!EXZ;'9''2U6/CQVR]JY;&Y&BS%#7[?Q#M
M49&KRU!D*%--;55 $D8(%-$'=6R?Y(]E-BY8EAW'=9?KMV0JRU73%&RL&#(N

ES=OX]X*$5%$4@@@J.)((XD_D.K7(88::&*GI

-U[)WGL3)/AM\;

MD;]C 'H@GMKBV?P[F!XY/1E*G]A Z2_M!TGZ/U\!?FQF?A[V15S92EK
]U+O

D=;3.T3E7$
L

M[L[3(TNR7-!/&.(I\
B5QK6IJ
!U)!H=+**.6.8I-ANF+@O8R4#J.(IP9?F/

18-6=ZK




M?:&/V=6Y]%_RR?B7T:]'DX-AGLG=5(8Y%W-VG+3;JEBJ$LPFH=O&DI-HT
D4





919
5[96/G$&A_/]%DZ)+CE;E^YJ9-JB!/\-4_XX5Z+#N7
M^3%\/\X\CXFK[:V=JN8XL#O/&UE/&;?33NO;.Y*ATO\ 4&741^1]?8/N_8#D
M2X)
#WUO_I)5(_ZJ1R'^?1--[?;#)\#3Q_Z5P?\ CRMTO?CU_+PK_BMN:;
]





CJKQ3K#/#)6[;5;;S8SV%VE8G''S
M!\B/F#GH530K

M?& W!OC?\6*R$DM&W7QV[7Y?:1K12(XKLPE'4T*S)(M)/(CP+=@]MKRRW5


M   ! 0   %$1  0    !     %$2  0    !          #_VP!#  (! 0(!

M# P
!PD.#PT
#@L

# P
# P
# P
M# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P


S4O 5
;GZ.GJ\O/T]?;W^/GZ_]H # ,!
M  (1 Q$ /P#]%/\ @G'_ ,$Z/@7\5/V O@OXF\2?SP;KGB#Q!X+TK4-2U&]

223R237M'_#JO]G'_ *(O\/\ _P %:4?\$I/^497P

MQ7.GW












M /\ !6E87[+'P'\&_LY?MY_%[P_X%\.:7X5T.X\ ^#M1DL=.A\FW:Y?4?%$;
MR[!QO9(HE)ZD1J.PKZ=KP_P#_P I(_BQ_P!DU\%_^G3Q90!G_P#!*3_E&5\
M?^R?Z+_Z115N?M
?LG77[3M[)H^J^/O%VF_#?7M&OM$\5^$; 6*V?B2WN8O)
M


I:6=Y?7J** /G_\ X*6?
M\FZ^'/\ LJOPX_\ 4WT*OHOG_\ X*6?\FZ^'/\ LJOPX_\ 4WT*OH@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** OD__
M (+:?\HZ_$/_ &-7@[_U*M)KZPKY/_X+:?\ *.OQ#_V-7@[_ -2K2: /KBB

M /@E)_RC*^ /_9/]%_\ 2**OHOG_P#X)2?\HRO@#_V3_1?_ $BBKZ H ***
M* BBB@#Y_\ ^EG_)NOAS_LJOPX_P#4WT*OHOG_P#X*6?\FZ^'/^RJ_#C_
M -3?0J^@* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B


BN8\'_&KP?\0?$-UI.A^)]!UC
M4[.-IIK6SOHYI4C61HF?:I)VK(K(2. P*G!XKIZ /G__ (*6?\FZ^'/^RJ_#
MC_U-]KZ KY__PEG_)NOAS_LJOPX_]3?0J^@* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HH
MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB
M@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *^3?^U]Q'/\ \$Z_$?EN
)]<G@\C3+




M *=/%E &?_P2D_Y1E? '_LG^B_\ I%%7'_MB^*A\#_C=JGBCX=V7CN\^./B;



=DKB79)
M9?JVBB@#Y_\ ^EG_)NOAS_LJOPX_P#4WT*OHOG_P#X*6?\FZ^'/^RJ_#C_
M -3?0J^@* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B
MOG#]KO\ X*K_  :_8V6XL]?\2)K7B: $#0=%VWE\K#^&7!0_25E..0#7S(W



C@\AZ^O8XUBC555551



D#/&?QH ^V_A=\0?!

5V]?+O\ P3P8


_\ X)2?\HRO@#_V3_1?_2**OHOG_\ X)2?\HRO@#_V
M3_1?_2**OH@ HHHH **** /G_\ X*6?\FZ^'/\ LJOPX_\ 4WT*OHOG_\
MX*6?\FZ^'/\ LJOPX_\ 4WT*OH@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 





)






[S
IS^[6OMS]G']COX:?LE: =/^'_A

M2/XL?]DU\%_^G3Q90!G_ /!*3_E&5\ ?^R?Z+_Z115] 5\__ /!*3_E&5\ ?











2E







006T4C-':W5Q GF.^$E8MN
M?YZ .5^!WQD^(6NZM\

[_
!\M6'






M^%]WV'7/$WB3:./[.T*:/=]/M'D_KB@#[6HK\]/^'Z/B#XI?+\)_V;_BAXVC
MFQY5S-&\
84]&;R(IUQ_P



MU]P?L\.FZ?):V\_T+(T_Y0&N?D\4_M[?M@CR].T;PE\ ?#=T
?:+M@^HF
]0

M_P# G'NJ8.: -7Q]^U1J'C37G\
_#&Q;6M3;*RZD4S;VPZ%ESP0/[[?+Z!LU
MJ_+]DZS\-:K_P )!XMNCXH\43-YKRW!,D$#?[(;[Q'9FZ8& ,5Z/X^'6B_


?5B*X'

SG_ 


M]N#&
?\  ?PJ]H?[!O@VRF\[4KC6M:F;F0W%UL5S_P   ;_QXT =+K_[6OP]



MR/M_\=E_R:]XHH \''[//Q1\0_\ (5^*5S9YZ_8(W&/IM
?H/S/X@_85L=8_





T&X$H^U@T;@$I(N4;:V2K

889B
F+S


-O]QG3_P!!85FW
MG[&'PXN\X\/MS')

%R/R%?);?\%FOBQXH.WPK^R'\5-563*I//]JB


$Z?VO/%BLV
MN?M7W.GR-AR-+LY54-TP-AA^7\.3VI3_ 

M1@(V-R@/?2 9QV&.G!Q0!]'B7X_:)C]UX5UC'NJY[^L?T_SFL77_ -JSXA_#
M@M_PDWA;PS;F-@CA-4CBP2








M$?W1_P 
W?$C1/\ D&_%;4;G;T%['(WO_$[^U?+OQ$L+[2O'^N6VJW4=YJ4-
M]

WUYX5M?A0EY=71N=7N;N9)-2
MO)F^4//ND;:!L*HJA$5$ 10@45Z
/A]_P44UJ[5O^$Z^#^DI.!E?LZ
EOQW_


#SE^QZ#I

C%\
M?LXU^]/ 79/?&8P/_ ![O0!\XQ_LO?\%!M9@DAU+]




$\/VOI+I5N?VKIH8?XGBL9)&'T4[0?S%-G



&_P!GSP3X2_8?#&D*T?W9)8!/(OT:3<WZTOB3X]?#_X=6^W6/&G@
M[0HH1TO-7MK54&?XG&. 3^!H \U_P$^^.'CEL:;X6TGPW;-TEO&!D3ZAFS

&76




M5U/3]

M_!9O]F?PDK?:/BEIMRP'V6G7MYN.,XS%P_



G'IF@#X:





MF*]T2W2YBM(5E+
'MI&NFCE@D8
PD5%R0RNB2*ZK^G5% 'Y]Q_\ !NS\

M67Q1\1_BQXBF4JY+ZC;(KM_%G?!(V#P.&! [FNJ\/?\ !OQ^SEHR 7.D^*M6

MO.2

M.3WKV*B@#E_#WP2\%^$55=)\(^%]+C:!::5!#@9SCY5'?FNHHHH **** B


9QG:!G&3U]36A11

M(.S_ 
=KTZB@#P2;]B2;PQ(TGA#QQX@T)LY$;N65CZ$QE./J#^-(=*^/'P\Y



M/

=


U#7/(OK&0Q3QBRN)-C#J-RQD'\#6EX(^.WA/XBV]]-I.L0S0Z:$-R\



M^'/^RJ_#C_U-]KZ KY__P"EG_)NOAS_LJOPX_]3?0J^@* BBB@ HHHH *

'?-HUP='DMK
M?&1-JFH16

::F-1D













*FDYE/VV*/S#P<_ODF_B /
%?\ @W[_ &<?#S*;S1_%&N[3R+[7)4W<YY\CROIQC@^O-?;%% 'S


MHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB

0%



C*VD^*E93@@VL
M(_\ (U.?]OGPU- LEKX?\63ACU-K$%(]B)#7NE% 'A)_;0OM4_Y _P .?%6I
M;ON_(R[N

K */^!&+G_.*]XHH _.WXFM

F=QP3_#V(ZFOLJ;2K6XD+R6MO([=6:
$FI+:RALPWDPQQ;NNQ N?

M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *^3_ /@MI_RCK\0_]C5X._\ 4JTF
MOKOD_\ X+:?\HZ_$/\ V-7@[_U*M)H ^L**** O#_ /_*2/XL?]DU\%_\


OQ
:3X7_  _\6)\7







M.C'&
=J +M]_P4M^+/CD



/S-&T23;X@^#?Q





?W?\ CYBGMNO3
M_61K^/IWQ0!\]:?_ 







M_P!:&_;Y_:L\7AO[ _9AFTW=D+_:UW(

\1:!
M8R_9(UT1Q]DT9Y&4*9(EC0 R


D
1]


MFKGXU_LLSWZVWC;]G-_-XSDE$T*-$;^+(5HFP

M])_PYAUS17W:!^T9\5=(._?GSY&.1]T_)-'R/7^5=0?^9/C7P(=W@7X[^--

M_PNA^HH Y5?^97[0OA@ Z/^UIXPOF4%U&HV]RP+]


M'PS:#




MLFS_ 

MP*VL?LU6M\HR[#3KULE0.@VR2_-^I]*3_AZ[\9?#RXUW]DOXC1)&NZ6YM7NY

MKD(%&%SN;( 5_K[6/V;OAWXA7;J'@'P7?+@KBXT2VEX/4?
AZU\R_MM?\$9?
M ?[1EGIMYX%M=#^&NO6







M5$?GVOCO3=P)/VG2HFV8]?+F?K[9H ^VJ*^3=&_X+;?LZZIL\_QAJ6F[@2?M



MBBB@ HHHH **** BBJ-_XFTW2[CR;K4+&WEQG9+.J-CZ$T 7J*YJX^
W@^


C5\]_MF_\


M9^ /_00\4?\ @F?_ !H ^R**^+-1_P]7P'L758SXTO PR6ATA0%^N^1?TJ


MZCL_^K?QKOKE8D_8]^)BL_0R7%Y&OXLVG #\30!]V45\)W?_!2[]HA[AC!^
MR;XLCAS\JR75R[#ZD6PS^0H;_@H/^U!J]HLFG_LMZE;?,0WVN\ER?HI1/KS



#T(-?C+_ 

FTTB1V
M  EB6&(*\C$#S

KW%Y
MI]N?NJ_ V-CD1[SL&!\IRJ@'Z5T5\)Q_\$L?CCK7EMJW[7'QCDJT5E'=QA


FT!C]EUF


M/;_PD7[16@Z9NQO_ +'LMNT=#C9;0?P\]N?SK[NHH ^$1_P2.^*/BP?\59^U
M1\2=3CD_UEM;_:8X@


M_P  _P#*2/XL?]DU\%_^G3Q90!G_ /!*3_E&5\ ?^R?Z+_Z115] 5\__ /!*




C/(A'7:?*EB&
_[)'L:3_A1O[6O


GX<UI
M?&'_ (*;?#'X??#N/6]US3_ !==RWD%NNG6=SY=QL8YDD*L-RA8PQR5P6VJ
M2



M #F*'GC/WCUZFC_AK;]ICP%_R


M:


M4_ABO0=$\2:?XEM_.TV_LM0A'5[:=95[]U)'8_E0!=HHHH *S=9\&Z/XC\S^








5]V44 ?,G[/[6DLC
M

GB*]@DAU3]I#XJ7UO(!^[6

=%U.T\O5OC'\5-0VON0?;$5%XQT8/SUYXZU]V44 ?





M%?0M% 'AMC_P31^ FG7 EC^%?A%F QB6U\U?^^6)'Z5IV7_!/[X'V%RLT?PE
M^'S



/E\*?L]^
[
X/W_ /&@#[!HKX_'QK_:Z\<?\@OX7^$?#MM)TFOKA6E3




M;N_X*



M8]23P7HKZ
FL&-KM3?W-RLICW;#B:1]I&]ONXSGG.!COJ O#_ /_*2/XL?]
MDU\%_P#IT\65[A7A_@'_ )21_%C_ +)KX+_].GBR@#/_ .4G_*
KX _]D_T
M7_TBBKZ KY__ .4G_*,KX _]D_T7_TBBKZ H **** BBB@#Y__ .EG_)N
MOAS_ +*K\./_ %-]KZ KY__ .EG_)NOAS_ +*K\./_ %-]KZ H **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **

_5KK2H)6^H+*2#[CFNNHH \+\3_\$U_@


XGV

M OCO153[TT0ED1O4C? @]?XCTZ^GV#10!\G^'_\ @L=\)]2F\G4K/Q?H4RG;





#ZG\S7G_B?]B7X1^+RY
MO/AWX3#29+/;66K,3G))BG/)YZ_D* .D\
_'WP+XT_P!C^,_NJ%^BVNK
M02M]

M9P/IC%

_\% ?@SXM*?9?B'X?A\S&/MKO98SCKYRICKW]_0T
PVD<.DWT5U(X<@O(-C'Y4CW/Z




C]B_]HCQM_P C'^T!<:7O^_\ V-#*N/IY


2






M)_\ P6T_Y1U^(?\ L:O!W_J5:37UA7R?_P %M/\ E'7XA_[&KP=_ZE6DT ?6


M]2


Y*A@#ZDHKYU^ /BWQK;ZQ\';W7


MH@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#\3?
M[PSXUW?VSX=T+5O


R

ML?%WA^X4XD%WIZR*A_[9NS=\\J/Y9^L*S?$7@S1_&$'E:MI.FZI%TV7=JDZ]


MT)

M'XB@#O**CMKJ.]@66&2.:-ONNC!E;Z$5)0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%



MVC5=2L-


M6:1(_P!/F:3_ 




.?$L<F0\$3O&@4_PCS9)1C_ ( ![5UW@S_@DM\%
MO@4W6BZIKTB#A]1U.7D^I6$QJ?Q&/:OI:B@#S[PG^R=\
? ^TZ7X!\(VLB]


8PJ1J%5?H!Q4E% 'DGC[]A3X4?%'Q

M(NK&
W82XFE\XQ[MF?
=L8WMTQUKN** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *
M*** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ KY/_X+:?\ *.OQ#_V-7@[_ -2K2:^L*^3_
M /@MI_RCK\0_]C5X._\ 4JTF@#ZPHHHH *\/\ _\I(_BQ_V37P7_ .G3Q97N



MX!ZE87?A;0'L9M'L)])TK[1J-U?)HEC-
DTEE9)/*ZV=J7BA @MQ'$J6]N@4


M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4RXMH[R!HYHTEC?AD==RM]0






@CT- 'RA_P^6^$7_/OXP_





X(/I]KSC

M[OJC/L_\=KU7P;\&?'P[_V!X5\.Z*4Z&QTZ&W;\U4'/O72T4 %%%% !111
M0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 5\G_\ !;3_ )1U^(?^QJ\'?^I5I-?6%?)__!;3

M_3IXLKWO#_ /_*2/XL?]DU\%_\ IT\64 9__!*3_E&5\ ?^R?Z+_PD45?0
M%?/_ /P2D_Y1E? '_LG^B_\ I%%7T!0 4444 %%%% 'S_P#\%+/^3=?#G_95

M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1
M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %?)_P#P6T_Y1U^(?^QJ


MJH!Z+17G?PM_:J\$_&75]*M/#^I75T/$.E-KFBW

M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B

M'^ ?^4D?Q8_[)KX+_P#3IXLH S_^4G_ C*^ /_ &3_ $7_ -(HJ^@*^?\



UU;WNJV^HQ265I);.T=RL

MZUJ /G__ (8V^(O_ $=C^T!_X*/!'_S/4?\ #&WQ%_Z.Q_: _P#!1X(_^9ZO
MHB@#Y__ .&-OB+_ -'8_M ?^CP1_\ 


M HH ^?\ _AC;XB_]'8_M ?\ @H\$?_


M@** /G__ (8V^(O_ $=C^T!_X*/!'_S/4?\ #&WQ%_Z.Q_: _P#!1X(_^9ZO
MHB@#Y__ .&-OB+_ -'8_M ?^CP1_\ 




M_1V/[0'_ (*/!'_S/4?\
;?$7_H[']H#_P %'@C_ .9ZOHB@#Y__P&-OB+

M_P#1V/[0'_@H\$?_ #/4?\
;?$7_ *.Q_: _\%'@C_YGJ^@** /G_P#X8V^(
MO_1V/[0'_@H\$?\ S/4?\

M_1V/[0'_ (*/!'_S/4?\



M(_)WN&164^@?\


M $=C^T!_X*/!'_S/4?\ #&WQ%_Z.Q_: _P#!1X(_^9ZO:?!GC_0_B)IT]WH.

M (*/!'_S/4?\
;?$7_H[']H#_P %'@C_ .9ZOHB@#Y__P&-OB+_P!'8_M

M'_@H\$?_ #/4?\
;?$7_ *.Q_: _\%'@C_YGJ^@** /G_P#X8V^(O_1V/[0'
M_@H\$?\ S/4?\


M^&-OB+_T=C^T!_X*/!'_ 

MJ



MT=C^T!_X*/!'_P SU?0%% 'S_P#\
;?$7_H[']H#_P %'@C_ .9ZC_AC;XB_



\76^@7VOZ3:ZY=+&\=@]T@N661_+
MC;9G< [@JI(PS @9(- 'R_\ M.?L\?&WX8?V'5/!_[3'Q^U[6I/$.A:<UHW
MAWP;=8L[O5[.UO9MD7A]6_=6DT\N[.U/*W


MPV[$3&.6-P'P2LB'HP) /
_^&-OB+_T=C^T!_PCP1_\SU'_#&WQ%_Z.Q_:



M*/!'_P SU?0%% 'S_P#\
;?$7_H[']H#_P %'@C_ .9ZC_AC;XB_]'8_M ?^

KQO\ ;V_84^('BK]G
M2SG^/7QV^(UN?$WAJ:;P_<Z/X6\F]2/7M/D9G^PZ)#<A8E0S$QRJ!Y66RFY
M3]B:S\6?#/A[Q=;Z!?:_I-KKETL;QV#W2Y99'\N-MF=P#NJDC#


V;SO-H^G&:$CR@&


M8WC_ 'JH_P!YZ7I=KHFFP6=E;P6=G:QB*&


V;SO-H^G&:$
MCR@&
TB[UTEDEE
MA6R@N[.)[N5DC($

V;SO-H^G&:$CR@&



10P01B..% 


MB(4


MUC$4
$$8CCA0# 55'  '  X% 'QS\'?$FB_'CX



BW4)
M5@C@

3:]\3_BIXE3P[K&@:3KVL

;OZW110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110!\;G2?B;\
_VDOC#=6.I^//[
M4\6?$31=3\-Z?;Z +[P_J.BG2='LYTN+QK1A:B-[74V9%NH2K!' 9IP)?6/A
MOXQMGMOBC\9+[3]6U2PD


M_P  _P#*2/XL?]DU\%_^G3Q90!G_ /!*3_E&5\ ?^R?Z+_Z115] 5\__ /!*
M3_E&5\ ?^R?Z+_Z115] 4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !

M00: /JJBOFOXB?M _$3X
(_C1KVD:3IVJ
M:GH^A^&K75WA?3)-,O))I;R6%L-?&


MM?LQ?MPZ'^U-H/@35M*\+^

V^B_$'3
MO!4$JQV=]]L:[UZTTJ

MFZAJ0NA8W4UQ920W36X#



BDN4C*IN

5:OI&A^'I+'5!#8Q--.T(F
MNVCD5E78J
PPY7

M+QW?E[:)0+2YGU.W%LO[S/VJ.72;I9$8! 3'AVRVT ]IHKQ?QS^VMI?A+XK:



Q\$^



MAD
43%H%?:HE\N
 ]VHHHH ***\T\??M9^#?AOXJNM%U*ZOOMUGM$RQ6K
J$





M/U/2/$NMP_#O






M)/#VC^)/!E]J&@ZKHMK;^C9O-KNJ6=\MONN5*3AXD!DN)6@:-1:R;CA6*@



M^+2A!#I%K=PW#6;31W3Q2/
3;RL]O$DDL:Q'S$4O$LGH/Q_^*.I?#7]GJ;Q)
M8W5G:Z@IT^/[3=6K7$
 GNH(9)#$K*7VK*S!0PR0* /2:*\7T']IIM)ET70H

MOOVADCD= #UFBOG?XD?MY6=Q\-/$EUX*\.^
-:U'2/![^);JY@L(1#H ?[5'





MEK(PP#A=GPG^V?-X6\%^$].\56


KU !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%




@]*[^B@#B?$?P

L!LKX7T$@C



Y0(N2WR\@#UB@#S#XI_LPV_CSXB-
MXPT#Q=XJ^'7BZYTQ=%OM7\.QZ?)-J=G']H:WAGCOK6ZA86\US--$PC#*[NQ


M@:XMK_5;N_N;N(H\+02VY&I742QS12;4
;9\V-)1M_$']EZ'XH^ +;PSK7C#


+VBQV-_8:I::HOE/]G
GES7-G&9%D=SM=PACR


M7S!X7CR;V8L&(C



M+;0-S

D\DG2+?G_Q


KM;'4-.M[B:WB)RL/F%-[JG(5I
MSXPS8S74Z)\


M28B:.57


)O$NK:):ZG!J\'AZ<67]G17,#+)P9;<7)2H) IG(W=B
MHCT6B@#YOTW_@F)X-TC1OA_I]OXG\<1V?PGM(;#P4@GL2?#MO#L$$*L;7==




][+O\ 
#HRI'A%(+%;;]B+




M0T?1O$E]XKTCP]=W\3:9I-]=K




M!




MY\
NS)MX_GBV/Q][ICT2B@#R+2?V0K+PGXRTO6O#OC3QQX;DL_#^G^&KZULY


MXFA7QI-XC?7)%NH0VJ1:WJ%YJ$]O
OE;'CM[B]F:WW*7C4E2SK)
)/?J* /G








\

$L
\$D#J)H




M

L23CDDUT7_  S3XT_Z.$^

M6_\ E-1_PS3XT_Z.$^
'_@M\+?\ RFHHH /^&:?&G_1PGQ@_\%OA;_Y34?\
M#-/C3_HX3XP?^WPM_\ *:BB@ _X9I\:?]'?&#_ 
%OA;_Y34?\
T^-/^CA

M:BB@ _X9I\:?]'?&#_P6^%O_E-1_P ,T^-/^CA/C!_X+?W_P IJ** #_AF

'_@M\+?_*:BB@ _X9I\:?\ 1PGQ
M@_\ !;X6_P#E-1_PS3XT_PCA/C!_P"WPM_\IJ** #_ (9I\:?]'?&#_P6
M^%O_ )34?\

MX3XP?^WPM_\IJ** #_AFGQI_P!'?&#_P %OA;_ .4U'_#-/C3_ *.$^
'_


M\8/_  6^%O\ Y34?\
T^-/\ HX3XP?\ @M\+?_*:BB@ _P&:?&G_1PGQ@_\
M%OA;_P4U'_#-/C3_HX3XP?^WPM_P#*:BB@ _X9I\:?]'?&#_P6^%O_E-1
M_P 

M_PWPM_\IJ** #_ (9I\:?]'?&#_P6^%O_ )34?\,T^-/^CA/C!_X+?W_
M 

'_@M\+?_ FHHH /
M^&:?&G_1PGQ@_P#!;X6_^4U'_#-/C3_HX3XP?^WPM_\IJ** #_AFGQI_P!'

M_!;X6_\ E-1_PS3XT_Z.$^
'_@M\+?\ RFHHH /^&:?&G_1PGQ@_\%OA;_Y3
M4?\ #-/C3_HX3XP?^WPM_\ *:BB@ _X9I\:?]'?&#_ 
%OA;_Y34?\
T^-

M_P#*:BB@ _X9I\:?]'?&#_P6^%O_E-1_P ,T^-/^CA/C!_X+?W_P IJ**

'_@M\+?_*:BB@ _X9I\:?\
M1PGQ@_\ !;X6_P#E-1_PS3XT_PCA/C!_P"WPM_\IJ** #_ (9I\:?]'?&
M#_P6^%O_ )34?\

MC3_HX3XP?^WPM_\IJ** #_AFGQI_P!'?&#_P %OA;_ .4U'_#-/C3_ *.$
M^

M@ _X9I\:?]'?&#_ ,%OA;_Y34?\,T^-/^CA/C!_X+?W_RFHHH /^&:?&G_

T^-/\ HX3XP?\ @M\+?_*:BB@ _P&:?&G_1PG
MQ@_\%OA;_P4U'_#-/C3_HX3XP?^WPM_P#*:BB@ _X9I\:?]'?&#_P6^%O
M_E-1_P 

MA/C!_PWPM_\IJ** #_ (9I\:?]'?&#_P6^%O_ )34?\,T^-/^CA/C!_X+
M?W_ 

'_@M\+?_ FH
MHH /^&:?&G_1PGQ@_P#!;X6_^4U'_#-/C3_HX3XP?^WPM_\IJ** #_AFGQI

M)\8/_!;X6_\ E-1_PS3XT_Z.$^
'_@M\+?\ RFHHH /^&:?&G_1PGQ@_\%OA
M;_Y34?\ #-/C3_HX3XP?^WPM_\ *:BB@ _X9I\:?]'?&#_ 
%OA;_Y34?\
M


'_@M\+?_*:BB@ _X9I\
M:?\ 1PGQ@_\ !;X6_P#E-1_PS3XT_PCA/C!_P"WPM_\IJ** #_ (9I\:?]
M'?&#_P6^%O_ )34?\

M_#-/C3_HX3XP?^WPM_\IJ** #_AFGQI_P!'?&#_P %OA;_ .4U:7P7_9H;


end











  xml:lang=en-US
  xmlns=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/instance
  xmlns:country=http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2021
  xmlns:dei=http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
  xmlns:hain=http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
  xmlns:iso4217=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/iso4217
  xmlns:link=http://www.xbrl.org/2003/linkbase
  xmlns:srt=http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31
  xmlns:stpr=http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2021
  xmlns:us-gaap=http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
  xmlns:xbrldi=http://xbrl.org/2006/xbrldi
  xmlns:xlink=http://www.w3.org/1999/xlink




            


            
            




            


            




            


            




            


            




            


            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            


            




            


            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            


            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            


            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                
                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            


            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            


            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                



            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                



            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                
                
                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                



            




            

                
                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            




            

                



            
            



        


        




                


                




        


        


        


        


        


        


        


        


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i534dff0fff45498c9a16fab7c4a45e88_D20170701-20180630


      contextRef=i0438223add0e48169d99a97d15f2051d_D20170701-20180630


      contextRef=i137cf62c4a9d48aa902391119d7455bb_D20180701-20190630


      contextRef=ib87b3a7aa2084820a75aa2d3e03b2c33_D20190701-20200630


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630


      contextRef=i0b7c4e7b033445e895fc655c0b10e449_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630



      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630



      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=ib6f138bcd8cb41a7ab9d681157f75179_I20201231
      decimals=0
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xL2ZyYWc6YmEzZTQwZDk1YWU4NDk4MTkzZWNhZjk1ODIyZThlM2EvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjpiYTNlNDBkOTVhZTg0OTgxOTNlY2FmOTU4MjJlOGUzYV8zMTQx_b920e33b-30c8-416d-af3f-7a3b22eb4269


      contextRef=iccf78ad0863245caa33f2f97188b08a3_I20210819
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xL2ZyYWc6YmEzZTQwZDk1YWU4NDk4MTkzZWNhZjk1ODIyZThlM2EvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjpiYTNlNDBkOTVhZTg0OTgxOTNlY2FmOTU4MjJlOGUzYV8zMTY3_c8ecb2ea-9509-420b-baf2-6cd216ca600f


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630



      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_4b9ccb76-89c9-4f3c-b786-d153a9162098


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_b4e95ea2-3444-4fe9-8c9e-5684f610ddf9


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzUtMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjdhMDY5YzZiZDg4ODQ2Yjk5N2E2OGE2YjE4N2Y4NDliXzY2_7e5c443d-242a-42fd-9b12-f3a5064f12f2


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzUtMC0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjdhMDY5YzZiZDg4ODQ2Yjk5N2E2OGE2YjE4N2Y4NDliXzc0_12dc9ea8-3142-4c38-ba37-d1f61205043a


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_cf4935d0-7e44-4036-bd1c-41688be2a240


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzUtMy0xLTEtMA_b66e6e72-be92-4228-ba2b-4a2bb197fa7e


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzYtMS0xLTEtMA_c5cdf74f-8d06-41eb-a7e4-0e74822853cc


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzYtMy0xLTEtMA_ad8905ef-f54d-4846-98c7-6e42e5861ffc


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzctMS0xLTEtMA_aa7602c6-f402-454f-b750-32c3c9f72030


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzctMy0xLTEtMA_6139c384-71e5-478d-8b14-9b2a6f184df9


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzgtMS0xLTEtMA_5faeab3e-1c3b-4dd6-9e74-cad018a01b57


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzgtMy0xLTEtMA_100d17d7-55db-4a96-bfcf-a6aba794b707


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzktMS0xLTEtMA_a7b35dab-1834-4ca2-ba10-ff4baf441281


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzktMy0xLTEtMA_a8727418-bef7-4108-85de-c082589004d5


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzEwLTEtMS0xLTA_68e3bd29-fe27-4527-b3b7-982410309537


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzEwLTMtMS0xLTA_6f8c5b7e-f358-4307-9cc5-f1fbd96fcf78


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzExLTEtMS0xLTA_bacb3f2c-5028-4a83-a365-4d9ec86ddba0


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzExLTMtMS0xLTA_8b4c062f-53a9-451d-88a4-1715ee68d5c0


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzEyLTEtMS0xLTA_f85066d0-62b6-4a3d-b674-e742fe00f655


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzEyLTMtMS0xLTA_5cf68c7f-8850-4f50-bc64-febec9863f66


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzEzLTEtMS0xLTA_d91b83ff-9d03-49d2-9194-045897bce3e5


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzEzLTMtMS0xLTA_3606af13-1860-422e-91f2-5627bc280907


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzE0LTEtMS0xLTA_e8c771fd-27bf-4a51-a7bc-05ea4ba5b722


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzE0LTMtMS0xLTA_10c21296-307e-4b63-8db5-020a1185ee6e


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzE1LTEtMS0xLTA_abcfa542-a177-4103-b1dc-1750585a8b6a


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzE1LTMtMS0xLTA_4110d8c1-a7c2-4cc3-84d3-8250954d747e


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzE3LTEtMS0xLTA_a9a7692d-d564-46e0-9af3-638881aa124e


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzE3LTMtMS0xLTA_a167394d-6bfa-4a12-b059-34c01c11a4f3


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzIwLTEtMS0xLTA_6b98e661-2e4a-4201-81aa-a6ca68ec34a2


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzIwLTMtMS0xLTA_79082c65-92d4-407b-a92a-1c0129205651


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzIxLTEtMS0xLTA_f80fd761-f9c1-4101-b3e0-6a560d814b80


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzIxLTMtMS0xLTA_f3567aff-7dde-4ee8-9c2c-670a6262f554


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzIyLTEtMS0xLTA_f6371e53-d891-4c26-9a2b-d585417515b1


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzIyLTMtMS0xLTA_69ff0ba3-c7c6-41b5-9de1-3294ac7720b4


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzIzLTEtMS0xLTA_64c75d5b-bbfd-4e72-a4cf-ce00e157c200


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzIzLTMtMS0xLTA_cc085cda-b91e-434a-8dcf-212ce0138a8a


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzI0LTEtMS0xLTA_9333cdc0-7ccb-4496-a453-b0f4fbc1c30a


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzI0LTMtMS0xLTA_5a6cb94d-d27a-4c11-9cfc-669884e9fe03


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzI1LTEtMS0xLTA_8acc5f53-ae82-4234-a82e-d8fa8b1c168b


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzI1LTMtMS0xLTA_87e33790-bf0e-46a1-9c5a-39dff5897cf5


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzI2LTEtMS0xLTA_c6a521f5-3fa0-4bf9-a259-9e49bc442842


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzI2LTMtMS0xLTA_69ac3a11-adcb-4882-9157-344c30ae35cb


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzI3LTEtMS0xLTA_75b9e181-f50c-4d9f-b236-615256fb921e


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzI3LTMtMS0xLTA_68c8e015-fee8-430f-9370-e4f797044f23


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzI4LTEtMS0xLTA_38148503-32d7-4a65-8a5c-500aaf859384


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzI4LTMtMS0xLTA_2edb93ae-8e1c-4e40-92d2-3932715a2de3


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzMwLTEtMS0xLTA_6503faca-f34d-4f4a-b490-53282dd38ae1


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzMwLTMtMS0xLTA_82b37a3c-5c45-4952-8eef-e4118c724f58


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzMxLTEtMS0xLTA_549b8722-22da-4ef4-8240-97b54730e281
      unitRef=usd


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzMxLTMtMS0xLTA_d5f95b82-3cdb-4f26-a434-dc969da6f82f
      unitRef=usd


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzMzLTAtMS0xLTAvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjpmMWQ0ODZiMmM5ZjE0NWQwOTFmYWMwNWE3ZDMxN2NkYV8yMw_b937f5e3-5673-4890-a2bf-13d8e4d4146d


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzMzLTAtMS0xLTAvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjpmMWQ0ODZiMmM5ZjE0NWQwOTFmYWMwNWE3ZDMxN2NkYV8yMw_f7332a41-bc19-4088-99d9-e34f3bba6075


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzMzLTAtMS0xLTAvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjpmMWQ0ODZiMmM5ZjE0NWQwOTFmYWMwNWE3ZDMxN2NkYV80OA_1f52728d-57cd-47c6-a36d-0f34bdb641f6


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzMzLTAtMS0xLTAvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjpmMWQ0ODZiMmM5ZjE0NWQwOTFmYWMwNWE3ZDMxN2NkYV80OA_ad899a9b-6d8d-4c36-ae1d-4895a3431e2c


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzMzLTAtMS0xLTAvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjpmMWQ0ODZiMmM5ZjE0NWQwOTFmYWMwNWE3ZDMxN2NkYV84Mw_21276935-cf0f-4ade-9dfd-d75e1c46f305


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzMzLTAtMS0xLTAvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjpmMWQ0ODZiMmM5ZjE0NWQwOTFmYWMwNWE3ZDMxN2NkYV84Mw_7d607315-ec43-49b0-973e-cdbf62736432


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzMzLTAtMS0xLTAvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjpmMWQ0ODZiMmM5ZjE0NWQwOTFmYWMwNWE3ZDMxN2NkYV84Mw_af613448-6809-4212-b8be-4279ad370846


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzMzLTAtMS0xLTAvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjpmMWQ0ODZiMmM5ZjE0NWQwOTFmYWMwNWE3ZDMxN2NkYV84Mw_b64fb6c0-4a5c-40ef-8fb4-c0ad480115cf


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzMzLTEtMS0xLTA_47910cf8-3b7e-48c5-9a37-2228bbc897b5


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzMzLTMtMS0xLTA_1005ce39-65e6-4294-8eb7-381b2bc8174f


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzM0LTAtMS0xLTAvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjphN2U1NmVhMjRjMzg0ZTI5YWViMTEyYWU4ODc2MzJhNV8yMA_373eab61-c2cc-41c6-9b72-df26391455ef


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzM0LTAtMS0xLTAvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjphN2U1NmVhMjRjMzg0ZTI5YWViMTEyYWU4ODc2MzJhNV8yMA_b7c60c0e-8457-4b31-b540-28543c30ffbc


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzM0LTAtMS0xLTAvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjphN2U1NmVhMjRjMzg0ZTI5YWViMTEyYWU4ODc2MzJhNV80NQ_25b2e417-505b-456c-932a-658c30c1b99c


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzM0LTAtMS0xLTAvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjphN2U1NmVhMjRjMzg0ZTI5YWViMTEyYWU4ODc2MzJhNV80NQ_e3ab8950-ee6d-43b3-9693-a11442be5101


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzM0LTAtMS0xLTAvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjphN2U1NmVhMjRjMzg0ZTI5YWViMTEyYWU4ODc2MzJhNV82NA_4c61628a-a619-49eb-8d72-ef1cfbc5ff37


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzM0LTAtMS0xLTAvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjphN2U1NmVhMjRjMzg0ZTI5YWViMTEyYWU4ODc2MzJhNV83MQ_24ec5fbb-c816-4158-a11b-0aa15688c14e


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzM0LTAtMS0xLTAvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjphN2U1NmVhMjRjMzg0ZTI5YWViMTEyYWU4ODc2MzJhNV8xMDk_6ffc9059-84b3-4ca1-8ea2-ea74411ed240


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzM0LTAtMS0xLTAvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjphN2U1NmVhMjRjMzg0ZTI5YWViMTEyYWU4ODc2MzJhNV8xMTY_091ca2d9-1c5f-4d42-843c-9f4824db5332


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzM0LTEtMS0xLTA_073c7203-2006-4133-9cea-f8f1462ba6d4


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzM0LTMtMS0xLTA_3fbfa5bf-3edf-4c2b-8aba-5531733710b4


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzM1LTEtMS0xLTA_55e3ce06-84e3-4c04-ab6c-824e9900bc35


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzM1LTMtMS0xLTA_fbd0756c-3f37-4a71-9d2b-9aa182716d73


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzM2LTEtMS0xLTA_23d68996-9ea5-4a3f-b841-8490c06eb08f


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzM2LTMtMS0xLTA_312006d7-d7e5-41e7-b5e6-e5bdf79894c3


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzM3LTEtMS0xLTA_1dba3ac1-34c2-4097-8786-048e6b5e4377


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzM3LTMtMS0xLTA_565073fb-5504-4a43-a941-c38cfdb3cfda


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzM4LTEtMS0xLTA_229c36e4-8f2e-4513-b5fb-be4d4b961120


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzM4LTMtMS0xLTA_8c7a74ff-3f9e-4bbe-91a0-c6b76a5b14e5


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzM5LTAtMS0xLTAvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjphYjBmMGUwOThiNWI0NTM4OWFkMmQ5ZWRlMWQwOWU0YV8zNQ_93c59db7-78ca-4bce-b25f-efb1868a5a83


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzM5LTAtMS0xLTAvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjphYjBmMGUwOThiNWI0NTM4OWFkMmQ5ZWRlMWQwOWU0YV80Mg_8f955370-9c4f-4c5c-9d6a-66695edc2e62


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzM5LTEtMS0xLTA_8b67d675-ec15-441b-9392-f144d2d09443


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzM5LTMtMS0xLTA_b732c9ec-f81d-4e9f-a76c-56dcd78b349f


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzQwLTEtMS0xLTA_9d98ace3-cdf3-48a2-b841-08322bd47192


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzQwLTMtMS0xLTA_01d95fd6-5b4b-44fb-9122-944e33d4861a


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzQxLTEtMS0xLTA_579deeb8-c968-4172-875b-76cd893758ec


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTIvZnJhZzowNzFjYWRkZTgxNGY0MGZkODVlNGE4ZmZiZWEwYTMyMy90YWJsZTo4ZTBkYTY2ZjgxZmQ0YmNjYWYxNTEzNDJmOTUwYTQxZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhlMGRhNjZmODFmZDRiY2NhZjE1MTM0MmY5NTBhNDFmXzQxLTMtMS0xLTA_c83ea047-4143-4cdf-81f2-70de69ab4d35


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzItMS0xLTEtMA_2c1b4790-0d06-4382-aa7b-3f21fee93d1c


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzItMy0xLTEtMA_f0c39156-8605-4ed2-a722-71bcbb2200fd


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzItNS0xLTEtMA_7e8459b8-df34-44d5-810b-f56aeb9bfd0c


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_69ec9df1-c4a4-4406-b851-eadab42491fb


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzMtMy0xLTEtMA_78c363d7-4c9c-4297-9e35-d77fff8453b5


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzMtNS0xLTEtMA_a9305437-c7a9-4b12-9005-2ade2f399249


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_46173e2c-c588-45b0-8723-32959e89ed4d


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_2bfd4547-58eb-4a4b-8380-bc593fd62858


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzQtNS0xLTEtMA_ab0d8ed9-615d-4ede-8cac-a88ec56e7276


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_89da9f37-1559-4d10-a541-8c136a6061fa


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzUtMy0xLTEtMA_a9932d4b-f242-44d7-99fc-d1b3a7cfd188


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzUtNS0xLTEtMA_e9941567-35c4-464c-a31e-3040e707784b


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzYtMS0xLTEtMA_b3c50b57-48e0-4232-a765-c81a230db592


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzYtMy0xLTEtMA_33d37aa1-3ca1-43c3-afa9-00b4891da896


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzYtNS0xLTEtMA_88f6885b-6137-4783-85b9-8f2b4d17b3db


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzctMS0xLTEtMA_40a0220b-ecbb-4c7d-9d6f-fcd6b4518b67


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzctMy0xLTEtMA_5e83b073-cfab-4684-8319-17a01f3b230f


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzctNS0xLTEtMA_b98a4a85-0201-4d5d-aaca-99bce4f552ac


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzgtMS0xLTEtMA_8d54a3ed-8681-4711-aa81-616b27382af1


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzgtMy0xLTEtMA_815f38a3-d5e8-4fa8-ba0f-2365734fb544


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzgtNS0xLTEtMA_95e99b96-2934-4dba-ab29-618912e184c3


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzktMS0xLTEtMA_d2cb20b4-8df3-46be-bdb6-0343050517db


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzktMy0xLTEtMA_3e4e7ba7-99de-4d92-ab10-d940d83c0e7d


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzktNS0xLTEtMA_f5644fe2-fe11-49aa-bcce-2d62d06b96b9


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzEwLTEtMS0xLTA_da20ca44-6161-458c-818e-8352eecc45c0


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzEwLTMtMS0xLTA_e12c2ea9-f3d7-47d5-a307-ae5a006887aa


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzEwLTUtMS0xLTA_e3c1ceb2-12b4-426e-ad29-ec7335cf3b50


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzExLTEtMS0xLTA_1e9f06d3-870a-4adc-9e9a-0014e1f03385


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzExLTMtMS0xLTA_387c895b-7b2b-4f75-8b0e-1f541bf3607c


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzExLTUtMS0xLTA_53c54876-928e-4484-847a-14c6019864fc


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzEyLTEtMS0xLTA_549889e3-fe08-4530-85f1-b998b2adf589


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzEyLTMtMS0xLTA_c774639f-9405-407f-b990-ac5828a2195a


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzEyLTUtMS0xLTA_8f7f29d7-e65d-4baf-be28-962a0b925235


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzEzLTEtMS0xLTA_de31c778-b312-408e-9460-49e57ee53fac


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzEzLTMtMS0xLTA_5429c5fa-885c-45c7-bf3e-6c21cd696e41


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzEzLTUtMS0xLTA_b95d8e8e-b7df-48cf-bdf8-2a7a7c1e2a62


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzE0LTEtMS0xLTA_e67da666-45e8-491b-87f2-c22ddbca0927


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzE0LTMtMS0xLTA_6d5c3843-88b6-4d63-9ffa-7437d71c91fa


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzE0LTUtMS0xLTA_07cdef80-b5d6-40a5-9e28-8925b87a134d


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzE1LTEtMS0xLTA_befaf1c3-0dad-4143-ab30-7816a1ead928


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzE1LTMtMS0xLTA_e073e4fa-2d54-44ed-a77e-491be6c126de


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzE1LTUtMS0xLTA_fa04fb1b-ad57-41f6-b8c1-9be199d4c25b


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzE2LTEtMS0xLTA_b9253178-3913-4e26-809c-8e96f7a646d6


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzE2LTMtMS0xLTA_a825b912-6eed-4383-a41d-46eb0b5adabb


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzE2LTUtMS0xLTA_0bda8966-e5fa-4f59-8641-6a438381f9a7


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzE3LTEtMS0xLTA_fcdab26d-799d-47e9-be02-1101637432a6


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzE3LTMtMS0xLTA_02019ba7-09e5-4e20-9344-04f7dd7efba9


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzE3LTUtMS0xLTA_3c32ad3c-643d-4cda-baa8-83f3a5fee03b


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzE4LTEtMS0xLTA_93e65c12-68f1-4e22-b261-a024b54b578b


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzE4LTMtMS0xLTA_ae581338-2383-4752-85ae-071284b686a7


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzE4LTUtMS0xLTA_4af4ba05-1c17-4b86-a1f3-364144d80abe


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzE5LTEtMS0xLTA_f001d787-b34e-4a93-8798-5bc8db31bbf1


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzE5LTMtMS0xLTA_ed47d362-37aa-4407-9949-f89e2e854a71


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzE5LTUtMS0xLTA_555b2f01-bf27-42f7-a3c7-eeb6e47c6559


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzIwLTEtMS0xLTA_0d73bc2c-3948-479f-9369-3dd88734c9af


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzIwLTMtMS0xLTA_9954ed73-5f6c-455c-9857-e4760c20273c


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzIwLTUtMS0xLTA_8f9ba266-efd9-45fe-abf0-a1dfd075d378


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzIxLTEtMS0xLTA_63ebafc1-f562-4473-aa51-f9de70047350


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzIxLTMtMS0xLTA_fc76e6f9-6125-4ad5-aa3b-6092de128782


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzIxLTUtMS0xLTA_d8350a96-2d6e-4d28-84a8-171d54e4fcb9


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzI0LTEtMS0xLTA_4629e126-7759-4f43-b5a9-4f9830222bc1


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzI0LTMtMS0xLTA_d5e7e0ce-0ab0-440c-b122-9b9b4f8a0237


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzI0LTUtMS0xLTA_f3ac3d10-f582-4347-ad5a-dfe5a0463629


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzI1LTEtMS0xLTA_3cdbf231-e05f-4090-9761-bc7f4230ccc3


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzI1LTMtMS0xLTA_0d38d55d-8cb2-4e6c-9085-47431f05feb4


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzI1LTUtMS0xLTA_d13d47de-d1e1-466e-9bbf-832e95085121


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzI2LTEtMS0xLTA_0e5a2ed4-76c2-4a2c-80bc-f81b52fc4aa4


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzI2LTMtMS0xLTA_9be49c09-bee9-43d5-b5d3-ce448ef82bf2


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzI2LTUtMS0xLTA_4d7922e4-657c-4723-a529-81672de6c947


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzI4LTEtMS0xLTA_2c394a03-12b1-4c3a-880b-99e278c50eef


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzI4LTMtMS0xLTA_93acb912-d734-4a31-98cf-6255f0e0961b


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzI4LTUtMS0xLTA_5df95c00-4edb-4f8d-8192-4e11d737fedd


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzI5LTEtMS0xLTA_ed3704b2-f305-4643-abc5-d35cbd65360e


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzI5LTMtMS0xLTA_a0862de1-f5e3-4e42-96e8-db1100e98127


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzI5LTUtMS0xLTA_177b8f40-a40b-4b80-85cf-cb31c083225f


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzMwLTEtMS0xLTA_a908721d-90c0-4412-a8e0-06e135affe4a


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzMwLTMtMS0xLTA_426d6407-e7b7-4c36-afdc-d3f244315c58


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzMwLTUtMS0xLTA_4bf3962b-1edb-49a2-a51e-a968d6dcdb27


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzMzLTEtMS0xLTA_50b8e1b6-ce73-47f1-a3f2-c6d34b92b4af


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzMzLTMtMS0xLTA_836c9eac-0c00-4326-b486-4d89b751f5c2


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzMzLTUtMS0xLTA_68e98354-68a8-489e-86dc-b035c583f7d8


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzM0LTEtMS0xLTA_6ea35405-fb7e-48b3-af17-878b310007e5


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzM0LTMtMS0xLTA_1387c841-0563-4625-aed7-1483b08d36c5


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMTgvZnJhZzo4ZGYwOTkwNDExOGI0Y2VkYmIzNTRhY2U4OWI1OGI2ZS90YWJsZTo0MWMyY2I1YjEwNzI0NjA1YWY2ZmEyNjA2MThhN2E1ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQxYzJjYjViMTA3MjQ2MDVhZjZmYTI2MDYxOGE3YTVkXzM0LTUtMS0xLTA_56a2e472-3440-46ce-b67d-7a259819afd6


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzItNS0xLTEtMA_60e75e90-f713-47ca-bb58-70d195133c1d


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzItMTEtMS0xLTA_d4a8bc8a-1a66-42ec-9bf3-9cb90b55989d


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzItMTctMS0xLTA_6fba21c0-9c59-4839-bc83-5d29e624ebfd


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_06d88af1-c106-4b69-b748-fb4ce52cac93


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzUtMy0xLTEtMA_0ee3a8cb-8526-4e3d-8f80-d6f8d7536eff


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzUtNS0xLTEtMA_d834d97b-91f5-4657-8872-03416f1ac1e1


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzUtNy0xLTEtMA_f3d2002a-bff4-4960-bd34-d906bf2d72e2


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzUtOS0xLTEtMA_dfc44aa1-e971-482b-93ec-9cec49d3d7ef


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzUtMTEtMS0xLTA_842b6105-4d16-4fc5-a594-12635480ae0b


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzUtMTMtMS0xLTA_eb43e800-22e3-4142-b738-e1a0c0f20938


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzUtMTUtMS0xLTA_1cb1067d-b9c7-400b-9b3c-ea9ad7da9b40


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzUtMTctMS0xLTA_3d308b71-66aa-45e1-aead-27bd34e23f3b


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzYtMS0xLTEtMA_32538488-0052-41e2-923e-0cc7900d7b1e


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzYtMy0xLTEtMA_422e68ba-8459-429d-bf9f-6444195f232a


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzYtNS0xLTEtMA_6eb111a0-60ca-4a53-b634-6e47618c6dd2


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzYtNy0xLTEtMA_a5dc3928-4615-4f24-a5ea-56560176ad9a


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzYtOS0xLTEtMA_a2aed1cd-da41-40cd-a4a5-33de28ad5b03


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzYtMTEtMS0xLTA_e86f98a8-73ba-4d1b-a91c-f77046b52c58


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzYtMTMtMS0xLTA_1c4918eb-6efe-4f21-a4af-df206c74ed25


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzYtMTUtMS0xLTA_794b2b47-1bb4-4558-a644-2dacb8603d98


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzYtMTctMS0xLTA_4273bd0c-190b-4c7d-8416-69a471e8a0a5


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzctMS0xLTEtMA_44887a9f-818c-4cbe-965d-3bd4bfedc99f


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzctMy0xLTEtMA_18d5bb26-c70b-413d-b3d9-0f5114e1c8a9


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzctNS0xLTEtMA_a956b0ca-228e-4b8f-baee-6ca35d567229


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzctNy0xLTEtMA_fb930f12-baf0-4ddd-b674-0fa65178b6d1


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzctOS0xLTEtMA_bfad1363-c131-4f3d-83d7-93eb1a63ac2f


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzctMTEtMS0xLTA_3b48a6d5-09ba-4fba-8360-bd20c1f8497d


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzctMTMtMS0xLTA_1558321b-61fd-42f8-a9af-3390e2f49ca0


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzctMTUtMS0xLTA_d5c8ed27-0d13-41c7-90a4-dd5c891fa728


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzctMTctMS0xLTA_71922648-93b8-4ccd-a4ad-6d3db8878698


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzgtMS0xLTEtMA_4cb16643-b647-4096-9237-7acb53fb7ba2


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzgtMy0xLTEtMA_1bf8e884-864f-4554-a541-833d3303a87a


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzgtNS0xLTEtMA_8bb712c9-7673-4220-974b-57a735b09a8f


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzgtNy0xLTEtMA_709f3b0e-fcaa-46fa-b2bf-249ca1eb82cb


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzgtOS0xLTEtMA_35ed6079-59d7-43fb-9de4-cd9baef9e120


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzgtMTEtMS0xLTA_08ae2db4-2ecc-40ab-9a72-6eeec3afe22e


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzgtMTMtMS0xLTA_8ccbde42-b830-4ad1-a64c-050c78a43259


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzgtMTUtMS0xLTA_fe1dcc2a-594b-4a6e-a6a4-3a5133471b8e


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzgtMTctMS0xLTA_173d20af-a5c1-4d02-8d3f-8d3f03f859cc


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzEwLTEtMS0xLTA_3adc29a3-9ba9-4430-aca9-46b069a459bc


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzEwLTMtMS0xLTA_cca2dfce-830b-45a5-8dcc-2929ea52aa4b


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzEwLTUtMS0xLTA_102707e4-5916-4c41-9c61-aa3609d4500c


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzEwLTctMS0xLTA_d4cf5e46-9abd-4b16-a389-4e2df5365a3f


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzEwLTktMS0xLTA_b4d1d298-9d67-47df-b7c8-309b5a891af5


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzEwLTExLTEtMS0w_671ebcf4-ec2e-442f-9d29-85c837d5b272


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzEwLTEzLTEtMS0w_0ce28224-dd18-40d8-be12-f0ab11d9c9ca


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzEwLTE1LTEtMS0w_e12ced2b-b95f-4154-bbf4-fa039a138181


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzEwLTE3LTEtMS0w_71b8befd-453f-4616-8687-09f91d50f7dc


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzEyLTUtMS0xLTA_8c98c717-7005-424f-8aa5-d4aeb9be1417


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzEyLTExLTEtMS0w_be079c50-0ffd-4c5f-aee2-de3a0da73866


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjEvZnJhZzpkZTlmYmJhZGIwMGE0Njc1YWQ3MzQxZjdlZjMzNDQ2Zi90YWJsZTpiYmQ2NzcyNTRlNGQ0ZDZhOTI1ODg3MTE3MjFkYjZhZi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmJiZDY3NzI1NGU0ZDRkNmE5MjU4ODcxMTcyMWRiNmFmXzEyLTE3LTEtMS0w_668f4460-8c32-434d-8a09-1be6d8a1e3d7


      contextRef=i396c4e5beca74184b9989d548c90040e_I20190630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzItMy0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmQ2NWFmMWE0MmY2MTRkMjY5YTljYWI3MzgwYjdlNTNlXzg_c94db43e-a32b-48b2-9653-d141fb4526dd


      contextRef=id849ee40d2c046fc9b02e8af2bfe7991_I20180630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzItMy0xLTEtMC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmQ2NWFmMWE0MmY2MTRkMjY5YTljYWI3MzgwYjdlNTNlXzg_e93ea2b0-9d71-422b-b781-a533626b09ea


      contextRef=i8d8d72a047bf47108380e97cb6df29c4_I20180630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzEwLTEtMS0xLTA_2cd77e01-22d2-47f6-9f7b-8588d6d9a9ef


      contextRef=i8d8d72a047bf47108380e97cb6df29c4_I20180630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzEwLTMtMS0xLTA_97c23592-2e3c-4dc0-8c11-32d50c396a52


      contextRef=ic915e0a3614c483ead02a6ec768f8da2_I20180630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzEwLTUtMS0xLTA_b49abeb1-63ee-450a-bcf7-bda44b914401


      contextRef=i8552289b8ccf4ac19ec3548be1422251_I20180630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzEwLTctMS0xLTA_ce749d5d-6061-4352-9fac-4b581f7c4856


      contextRef=idc004fe1f7a74d2f9fdcb3d44e80f7aa_I20180630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzEwLTktMS0xLTA_aa961adb-8806-4e18-9813-e573b1633d72


      contextRef=idc004fe1f7a74d2f9fdcb3d44e80f7aa_I20180630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzEwLTExLTEtMS0w_67e67041-edf7-4be8-8c23-44357a534ddb


      contextRef=ib766721026124ea594804d3917baf861_I20180630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzEwLTEzLTEtMS0w_db2a86d1-c919-4404-9a2c-129ddd4be61b


      contextRef=id849ee40d2c046fc9b02e8af2bfe7991_I20180630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzEwLTE1LTEtMS0w_7c3683c0-a914-443f-9dc9-9fa9809d613b


      contextRef=i481ab3f3d38b43bea68ce5ceea254670_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzExLTctMS0xLTA_f2213f5f-5fb9-43ac-9007-b989dcfe8d50


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzExLTE1LTEtMS0w_75fffd06-a4cb-495d-80ee-d271afec9bbe


      contextRef=i669e99825ce64d599dad37145ad7d99d_I20180630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzEyLTctMS0xLTA_ce3585b7-1417-4635-9492-84ffeca85be9


      contextRef=iebe5c1db2dcb45c58de933c92bd19f14_I20180630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzEyLTEzLTEtMS0w_983dc1d5-5450-4d6c-8d9e-86e388fd5e6d


      contextRef=ic4027bb87dc74ebf8928f9d43dc1adce_I20180630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzEyLTE1LTEtMS0w_64262420-4b18-4e26-9a6b-8cac4df8150e


      contextRef=i0b7b26dd05da4297bf0917f9b7edd033_I20180630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzEzLTctMS0xLTA_c2076bfc-be65-4b50-baf5-c065e3b19ee4


      contextRef=i239cb3e958194b5ca5a0805d80bc89e6_I20180630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzEzLTE1LTEtMS0w_d4192c53-84f8-4059-b2f8-f8cec9ebc986


      contextRef=if3e413b27afa4da1a09b7a730d6d521c_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzE0LTEzLTEtMS0w_1b8725c6-2d85-44f0-8578-546c883ccfa4


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzE0LTE1LTEtMS0w_d5da45e2-0a5c-473a-91f4-64edc2471e2f


      contextRef=i00898bb23a4b414d90fd1355d695b379_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzE1LTEtMS0xLTA_2355fda6-7d14-4cec-a69b-ec73ea35cda5


      contextRef=i00898bb23a4b414d90fd1355d695b379_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzE1LTMtMS0xLTA_c050e70b-6f83-4573-ad35-4d035c1b1411


      contextRef=i8c82abd35ae84458ba0577e2ad0388a4_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzE1LTUtMS0xLTA_77952ddd-f395-4c36-ae8c-2e366fd231e8


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzE1LTE1LTEtMS0w_7c8f7f49-4c09-40f5-b909-3557a749228a


      contextRef=if9fd8e545b2640ae85e35d4ae0913fbd_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzE3LTktMS0xLTA_57a90fd4-eb7f-42a1-ad9d-cca230ee88f5


      contextRef=if9fd8e545b2640ae85e35d4ae0913fbd_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzE3LTExLTEtMS0w_de799bb0-1df4-4843-956c-210a7b45145e


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzE3LTE1LTEtMS0w_32268a16-5cdf-4d3a-ba96-ccc430a4b9af


      contextRef=i8c82abd35ae84458ba0577e2ad0388a4_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzE4LTUtMS0xLTA_e788bf62-36ef-45d4-9319-7dc3498b45a6


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzE4LTE1LTEtMS0w_60352ec4-898b-40b0-8831-254e9e495c0c


      contextRef=i07a702f10a014e7aa38e27b0974ee735_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzE5LTEtMS0xLTA_0f460726-e093-4a2b-a5dc-53693941b1c4


      contextRef=i07a702f10a014e7aa38e27b0974ee735_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzE5LTMtMS0xLTA_1fbfbd34-a352-4011-8718-ad5c74838196


      contextRef=i4913751eaa2e4e31b31e7da72f056a22_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzE5LTUtMS0xLTA_a11ed8f4-1074-4d70-93db-23996b5e56d2


      contextRef=idd739397329644d7820d866605fdaf68_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzE5LTctMS0xLTA_e32fd01f-ce63-44dc-8007-6fbce7c194da


      contextRef=i810a4f27d3e64b37aed6cc90e1c8fc3a_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzE5LTktMS0xLTA_1a50b68d-1e9d-4295-a55d-cb494f022d83


      contextRef=i810a4f27d3e64b37aed6cc90e1c8fc3a_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzE5LTExLTEtMS0w_27e77e70-5faf-4499-af74-2c0bf4f4fe7c


      contextRef=i82a66534e2b84839b960c0318691a5f1_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzE5LTEzLTEtMS0w_bbbd52a3-6b8e-40f4-ad66-bf1abe7bbedd


      contextRef=i396c4e5beca74184b9989d548c90040e_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZToxMjJmOTlmYTYyN2U0NDcxYmI1ZTc1ODQyNmUyYjc2Ni90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEyMmY5OWZhNjI3ZTQ0NzFiYjVlNzU4NDI2ZTJiNzY2XzE5LTE1LTEtMS0w_27a491f0-95c0-41ac-bb0b-2ff3c9b4fb5d


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzItMy0xLTEtMzg0Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU5NTIzOTNhMDA3ZjQ3YjM5MTFiNzRjNDgzY2Q1ZmFjXzMyOTg1MzQ4ODMzNDU_76064a1b-8b11-4e4f-a967-a32e1b24a814


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzItMy0xLTEtMzg0Ni90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU5NTIzOTNhMDA3ZjQ3YjM5MTFiNzRjNDgzY2Q1ZmFjXzMyOTg1MzQ4ODMzNDU_ca5c69bc-f1ea-4eaf-b913-09e3171f13e9


      contextRef=i07a702f10a014e7aa38e27b0974ee735_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_05e87c9d-6276-487b-9d5c-eae603d37afb


      contextRef=i07a702f10a014e7aa38e27b0974ee735_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzMtMy0xLTEtMA_5aa30cb0-509d-4173-b979-ef61793dc355


      contextRef=i4913751eaa2e4e31b31e7da72f056a22_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzMtNS0xLTEtMA_8ca9fd97-9fff-4140-981c-74b89a2828ac


      contextRef=idd739397329644d7820d866605fdaf68_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzMtNy0xLTEtMA_7f13333b-2440-4790-a74c-99e3b3b680d7


      contextRef=i810a4f27d3e64b37aed6cc90e1c8fc3a_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzMtOS0xLTEtMA_5b2cfdcf-cfd4-478f-9f0d-d4ec6c975226


      contextRef=i810a4f27d3e64b37aed6cc90e1c8fc3a_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzMtMTEtMS0xLTA_fadc6cce-9d57-4051-acc5-5f66ce8dbb4b


      contextRef=i82a66534e2b84839b960c0318691a5f1_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzMtMTMtMS0xLTA_0f51f86d-a29a-4a95-b22a-d6cdf3b476ee


      contextRef=i396c4e5beca74184b9989d548c90040e_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzMtMTUtMS0xLTA_eccabfa0-b358-4e67-8495-978ba7bb61cd


      contextRef=i64d26182de63477fac49876c42c91a10_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzQtNy0xLTEtMA_4b9637fb-88b9-49eb-ac39-3d82f4bf382f


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzQtMTUtMS0xLTA_64c3b402-a1cf-43b2-b35a-5bf92a98c56b


      contextRef=i5d08fbaeb5194a978b49581f825a6c0b_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzUtNy0xLTEtMA_713a6a44-7928-45f8-a681-675600c212ad


      contextRef=i7cd46d946949443e9cd63dce26059bd6_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzUtMTUtMS0xLTA_0907b9ec-20ac-46fb-9388-de4b2b5ebea4


      contextRef=i11d5c355ba7247cebd5e6fbd23ac8d3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzYtMTMtMS0xLTA_5816aede-8898-45ce-bfd4-d4416cf76407


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzYtMTUtMS0xLTA_a64b9d42-f49a-4a03-b034-9bfb0d0df489


      contextRef=i84c79eaf351f4750ada4610cb9577ebb_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzctMS0xLTEtMA_08416b27-153e-4ff1-adbe-678726e675ca


      contextRef=i84c79eaf351f4750ada4610cb9577ebb_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzctMy0xLTEtMA_ab4885ff-b204-4d04-a27a-a616f6517f01


      contextRef=i3b950de272df4614a85415520b48d1d6_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzctNS0xLTEtMA_711c6950-9fa8-4633-bc2f-1097de5a5053


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzctMTUtMS0xLTA_693fda9d-118d-4f09-b650-348102ab1be6


      contextRef=i48fb76422e2946818f40e57a195084c5_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzgtOS0xLTEtMA_dd3f08ec-e68a-4b34-8d9a-dc1035b78e24


      contextRef=i48fb76422e2946818f40e57a195084c5_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzgtMTEtMS0xLTA_299f5f54-b797-4e7a-94c4-5d5e24db11e9


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzgtMTUtMS0xLTA_e2bb944d-0628-43ce-9f61-c4759f407aed


      contextRef=i48fb76422e2946818f40e57a195084c5_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzktOS0xLTEtMA_59d9d5d3-61f8-41d7-98b9-673e2fd727f7


      contextRef=i48fb76422e2946818f40e57a195084c5_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzktMTEtMS0xLTA_eaff48a3-dffa-4b91-a13d-2946d6beb60e


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzktMTUtMS0xLTA_621c88fa-ddf0-46ed-8722-7524e5dfd924


      contextRef=i3b950de272df4614a85415520b48d1d6_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzEwLTUtMS0xLTA_ebbc2a5f-2aab-4eb6-b551-709105782601


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzEwLTE1LTEtMS0w_07259483-569c-4ce8-bba3-1d7af84307ec


      contextRef=ice8afee4e9d14f8d8f49ef764624d0c3_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzExLTEtMS0xLTA_874ecc11-e26e-4b0a-bdbf-253ae40dcb00


      contextRef=ice8afee4e9d14f8d8f49ef764624d0c3_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzExLTMtMS0xLTA_b1e55a13-1964-47ad-9adc-d666245ef78c


      contextRef=i68b66e0ef5df4a5c86a89e18b195740a_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzExLTUtMS0xLTA_70de437e-66eb-40af-ba4b-130fe4a92508


      contextRef=ia35dd797da3b4c39b9be8c7cff4787e1_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzExLTctMS0xLTA_33778369-c11a-42db-bee3-a317e88f1460


      contextRef=ia04b609f01204a6c9bd4982fbc3447c9_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzExLTktMS0xLTA_a032e1fd-7bc5-4191-a661-adbcec1aa939


      contextRef=ia04b609f01204a6c9bd4982fbc3447c9_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzExLTExLTEtMS0w_5fffa56a-a1fa-4d4b-8245-d6609da1f069


      contextRef=i6ebe56bc0cdd4da4962d1d574d1a1f15_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzExLTEzLTEtMS0w_21d7d606-aa8d-4ff5-989b-ed88d7c8f6b5


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzExLTE1LTEtMS0w_c29c8e28-f6cd-489b-b3e9-4931ccc29389


      contextRef=ibc79742cb2cb4f6caaf90f45044910a2_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzEyLTctMS0xLTUyMw_715a3af5-e898-4297-a1a3-0c9b362be01e


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzEyLTE1LTEtMS0zODM3_f9cea6e8-6ee7-46d2-b621-69b012749fdf


      contextRef=ifbbc05271fd14f7a9326736e293d5b67_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzEzLTctMS0xLTUwNDQ_10d0be4a-9aaa-44f3-bfe5-d6e616623e9f


      contextRef=iad2fa0bcd2be4ac68e61ae0e3155b6a7_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzEzLTE1LTEtMS01MTQz_9467e387-20a4-42e1-ad1e-53457b9188ef


      contextRef=i5de2defe59c04606b7eee33ede4cb038_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzEzLTEzLTEtMS01MzE_3e3c160c-2e16-489c-89c0-f07f6d1c471b


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzEzLTE1LTEtMS0zODM5_6946a351-3b28-45a7-8a35-dc605cefcfbf


      contextRef=i398d863d7ce24e6f8bce110c02f67d24_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzE0LTEtMS0xLTUzNg_2aa0b475-f3aa-47cb-85b3-74a01be27ccc


      contextRef=i398d863d7ce24e6f8bce110c02f67d24_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzE0LTMtMS0xLTUzNg_455fd88a-29a2-4007-b58b-1cb0846cb1cf


      contextRef=i8d6ee7ccb5594137b05325131df01902_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzE0LTUtMS0xLTUzNg_f82a7f00-405e-4d31-bce0-416c90f1be5c


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzE0LTE1LTEtMS0zODQx_77637cb7-ee1e-4552-97d7-9a2dd4ede3d7


      contextRef=i25e89a6756b948e4b679217e2f62e5dd_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzE1LTktMS0xLTU0Mg_238e1dec-a81f-414c-886c-2197ef0e3d23


      contextRef=i25e89a6756b948e4b679217e2f62e5dd_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzE1LTExLTEtMS01NDI_91e42df2-0486-4a38-83c0-cfeccf7900e5


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzE1LTE1LTEtMS0zODQz_66ba3d9f-bae8-467a-a2cd-69b15e76c02a


      contextRef=i25e89a6756b948e4b679217e2f62e5dd_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzE2LTktMS0xLTU0Ng_39463a6a-0588-43a2-a9e8-0c6eb71ed830


      contextRef=i25e89a6756b948e4b679217e2f62e5dd_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzE2LTExLTEtMS01NDY_493c3490-0e87-4f5f-99bb-d29192721dac


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzE2LTE1LTEtMS0zODQz_f3a215e6-b5c0-4262-9e3a-45a6226ef918


      contextRef=i8d6ee7ccb5594137b05325131df01902_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzE3LTUtMS0xLTM4NDM_72f32e49-90a4-4647-8394-2d96c5dfcd26


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzE3LTE1LTEtMS0zODQz_414c33e5-e8cc-4c8f-adec-596cbab7f943


      contextRef=i1ab7177d596a44c6b2e7c98a94e63e91_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzE4LTEtMS0xLTM4MzU_aea2cdd8-bf61-4c55-889c-09487ce1ea3d


      contextRef=i1ab7177d596a44c6b2e7c98a94e63e91_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzE4LTMtMS0xLTM4MzU_0e77b77c-7bd3-43f0-bf3e-f8dbc86aeb5f


      contextRef=i0792252cf4004b1599f23826bdf57bd4_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzE4LTUtMS0xLTM4MzU_f7ccd711-3dda-4caa-b789-feb2ba92ae5e


      contextRef=ibfc7bd49350e42cdb0156029984d9f89_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzE4LTctMS0xLTM4MzU_b0735416-216e-4edb-a778-c6f2ef07da7a


      contextRef=ie3dd605715b648c3bd33ef5d5bca7bac_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzE4LTktMS0xLTM4MzU_b9090316-c500-49c5-918b-bf07cf581415


      contextRef=ie3dd605715b648c3bd33ef5d5bca7bac_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzE4LTExLTEtMS0zODM1_06b72f66-45d1-42b1-8746-df2bc146e6f7


      contextRef=i727c14a945364022997ff346e1ed58c2_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzE4LTEzLTEtMS0zODM1_234c6c19-879d-42ba-916f-6a4a748c793b


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMjQvZnJhZzpjZDZmNjBiNTM1OWE0MjdkOGY3MTFlZDIwZjhlZGYyMy90YWJsZTpkOWNiMzg1NjhhNmY0MjFkOWJlYjQ0MTlmOTcyOWMzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQ5Y2IzODU2OGE2ZjQyMWQ5YmViNDQxOWY5NzI5YzNhXzE4LTE1LTEtMS0zODM1_73f290b2-79a6-4b6c-acc3-a27850075937


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_8b611d43-f69c-42b3-b113-d56efb8bf0ed


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzMtMy0xLTEtMA_d86f3cec-ed36-42e8-b62e-cb3e1cdfa64b


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzMtNS0xLTEtMA_a66992e8-3178-4b03-86e6-5b7583c48c4d


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_5b9c063a-25a6-4c70-9c8b-7882cc9d0477


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_c8efc511-9cb8-4d63-80e0-6986a5c5cb80


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzQtNS0xLTEtMA_fce80b2f-c852-4add-8a72-5b54678b4150


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_0bf48747-7ec1-464a-9264-dcabf8b314af


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzUtMy0xLTEtMA_2a2c62b4-5e76-4194-bc3e-758e39f63ae1


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzUtNS0xLTEtMA_e5c2e178-780c-4f17-b076-b461fe58e203


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzctMS0xLTEtMA_d68e7fba-77cf-4cd6-a2dd-739773844ee8


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzctMy0xLTEtMA_bc7c098a-a257-47a1-a473-56d528fa44b3


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzctNS0xLTEtMA_c65b9d1a-da25-40dc-937a-f265df4c43d4


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzgtMS0xLTEtMA_4a2aa544-44d7-45fa-8552-5e9e7bcd2e11


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzgtMy0xLTEtMA_9e133ca5-ccd7-4c0b-9fe2-2c6ec32cc61f


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzgtNS0xLTEtMA_c3064102-64f2-444b-b7dd-24257b4c1b81


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzktMS0xLTEtMA_abc45879-7e33-4b4e-b952-cbef9dc96694


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzktMy0xLTEtMA_f949e171-7c33-46cd-b935-c109d15e0cb9


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzktNS0xLTEtMA_6cecc66b-19f5-49e6-9093-924bde999a13


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzEwLTEtMS0xLTA_1a2e5b33-5dbd-4f15-bc7a-27e894a87450


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzEwLTMtMS0xLTA_bcfa9e7b-1c6d-4baf-bad7-d2d77a98a033


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzEwLTUtMS0xLTA_8d5fc9fa-fcf1-431f-bf19-e340d2f4294f


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzExLTEtMS0xLTA_30ffd7f7-6840-4295-b1b5-996e27909412


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzExLTMtMS0xLTA_62488e9e-8d94-43af-8587-e94375e00d94


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzExLTUtMS0xLTA_af940d31-c7af-4c82-ba0c-7f2508d4e51c


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzEyLTEtMS0xLTA_440b2443-89db-46ce-9218-a0d208df6cb9


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzEyLTMtMS0xLTA_6ecfd438-3a62-4036-bdde-d2745560c09f


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzEyLTUtMS0xLTA_cc078427-584c-4df3-81c6-7f8b06a3f25b


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzEzLTEtMS0xLTA_c0bd92ab-ee82-4968-b0bc-3fcda1e06833


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzEzLTMtMS0xLTA_dd19d8b9-223e-497c-838e-1b0533836e3e


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzEzLTUtMS0xLTA_d40f2de1-f2ec-489d-8b81-04fb43f3e7ba


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzE0LTEtMS0xLTYzODM_d16a69d8-1043-4ba8-bf78-f14bca58b859


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzE0LTMtMS0xLTYzNTg_5cb3c261-7e50-40bf-bd09-b9c305b14b6f


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzE0LTUtMS0xLTYzNjI_ceca1c90-52ef-4760-9105-1c9c9380113c


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzE0LTEtMS0xLTUwNzQ_b94e0564-7d71-49fd-bd9e-9acf366ad6d1


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzE0LTMtMS0xLTUwNzk_903e286f-ef89-44ea-bb39-3eed698cac9d


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzE0LTUtMS0xLTUxNTQ_61c6bd8a-65b2-419a-9fb3-8a4479a8c1ed


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzE1LTEtMS0xLTA_033eff36-1f70-435a-82d9-00e4dc4a84a1


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzE1LTMtMS0xLTA_b4a78e04-63c3-499e-9758-b0f189e6e2d8


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzE1LTUtMS0xLTA_a89bb663-17fc-4aa2-b03d-bcf04f36f60a


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzE2LTEtMS0xLTA_e7d3d2d8-cc38-41dd-85d5-5cea0214f378


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzE2LTMtMS0xLTA_85590ee7-fffd-415b-9c51-012d89fcbf46


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzE2LTUtMS0xLTA_147f0287-e854-44f4-a0dc-cb43e2bffae4


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzE3LTEtMS0xLTA_7f2adace-7878-4515-99ea-833740384582


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzE3LTMtMS0xLTA_82c5c035-d03e-490f-90df-655470ac79ea


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzE3LTUtMS0xLTA_4bcc6551-9a62-4263-9df8-295c56e48bd3


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzE4LTEtMS0xLTA_214d8d79-d588-402d-9582-eeddbe74e4e8


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzE4LTMtMS0xLTA_372bd8e8-8ce6-4d63-8c42-8c1ac9535141


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzE4LTUtMS0xLTA_99b875a0-c6ea-4be4-8b25-a24902deb2c1


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzE5LTEtMS0xLTA_4780b319-b189-4efd-9426-7b722dfeb6ae


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzE5LTMtMS0xLTA_c65bb882-26f3-440a-97cd-2fc0a6b8e736


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzE5LTUtMS0xLTA_3e522538-5dd3-40e6-927a-5fd7ed409ef2


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzIwLTEtMS0xLTA_6af09248-c498-4795-9061-ab7fa642708b


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzIwLTMtMS0xLTA_abe49108-d6d6-40e5-a26a-0f8553adab36


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzIwLTUtMS0xLTA_f9f19381-7697-40e2-92c0-9774782c647f


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzIyLTEtMS0xLTA_de269ad8-5c3d-49ff-a944-f29deab33664


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzIyLTMtMS0xLTA_486bddf6-988f-4757-b0d9-ed271948664f


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzIyLTUtMS0xLTA_46421b13-fd78-4aaa-9c22-7ae02784c1fe


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzI1LTEtMS0xLTY0NzE_8b0765e2-96d5-41b7-94d8-23d37e158604


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzI1LTMtMS0xLTY0NzE_e5947e8b-da2c-43d0-aece-c83f1f41d432


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzI1LTUtMS0xLTY0NzE_adbc33f7-37f9-4242-92da-7099655fa5d2


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzIzLTEtMS0xLTA_f2689b99-057f-49b2-a10d-6d2dd6166beb


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzIzLTMtMS0xLTA_bad5361d-3d50-4a68-8edf-07b58f377cdd


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzIzLTUtMS0xLTA_63ac43cd-476c-449c-8394-16c5b096a1f9


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzI1LTEtMS0xLTA_bf743d42-15c1-45ac-bc9c-156c075cb941


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzI1LTMtMS0xLTA_42fc93d8-9ae0-47dd-9f63-5c2da9d4837c


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzI1LTUtMS0xLTA_a36e3b2a-15e7-4853-bd95-451af7f4aa8c


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzI3LTEtMS0xLTA_2d0fbeef-7ce6-4890-9be3-0bd704b0bcad


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzI3LTMtMS0xLTA_12f709f7-0480-42a2-abe9-30a08f4d9d25


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzI3LTUtMS0xLTA_228c40e5-71d7-40de-b4bb-7a117ae6ab00


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzI4LTEtMS0xLTA_7e310cd2-a075-4b76-9701-2c8ff7f90b3b


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzI4LTMtMS0xLTA_8be51f94-f7d3-4e2e-8186-5a3aa88c4337


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzI4LTUtMS0xLTA_24b4eb08-bc45-464c-9a99-b46f5ba5df85


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzMwLTEtMS0xLTA_bb31e07d-dcf1-4112-93a5-25d25d51e8c2


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzMwLTMtMS0xLTA_96657300-31ac-420b-845c-bdf228d45920


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzMwLTUtMS0xLTA_3797a0ae-3963-4d8e-adbe-6d5f4deaf2d3


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzMxLTEtMS0xLTM4NTE_128ac012-0cb7-4fbb-9ef2-84cd421ba4ef


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzMxLTMtMS0xLTM3NTE_deada3be-e940-4e70-8566-6af755b8e279


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzMxLTUtMS0xLTM3NTE_53816856-0f61-45dc-bfb5-51c743840d2b


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzMxLTEtMS0xLTA_1b2e5d97-30eb-4803-9af5-f84c4d6a3357


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzMxLTMtMS0xLTA_d71856c5-98c1-40d9-a3ac-dd46c111366c


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzMxLTUtMS0xLTA_f7230dbd-9b70-4d2c-a0dc-cd4baa2ae160


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzMzLTEtMS0xLTA_f326052f-7df8-4c96-9a62-fc81c39ae840


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzMzLTMtMS0xLTA_72fbf338-7daa-4795-bdfb-69ee8a85623e


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzMzLTUtMS0xLTA_8afca545-5608-449d-977d-87e1b5b95cbc


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzM0LTEtMS0xLTA_9dff57b3-a84d-4145-9c2e-033c68e7b6b1


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzM0LTMtMS0xLTA_287a79b9-479f-4e78-8cde-a928f2753919


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzM0LTUtMS0xLTA_3eabd48a-1ed8-4791-8176-b121507a031f


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzM1LTEtMS0xLTA_a896df95-b510-474e-9b58-4b87b7210723


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzM1LTMtMS0xLTA_e22151b4-3937-4d1c-8511-46a6ec5cee83


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzM1LTUtMS0xLTA_7acd0da7-7666-4cdb-b7b1-8d3ca89ddbae


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzM2LTEtMS0xLTA_496d78cc-9dd6-4ca9-8725-44782a928795


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzM2LTMtMS0xLTA_1c081cfe-0c30-49ec-aa73-7398a710da73


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzM2LTUtMS0xLTA_425be7ac-1c9e-4313-9bf3-05ccf968c876


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzM4LTEtMS0xLTA_b2b936db-2fb5-4f2c-9db8-02bbd54b65ff


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzM4LTMtMS0xLTA_107e0630-0a33-4478-8bdb-dab02c9b27c8


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzM4LTUtMS0xLTA_fcfaf4fd-19c5-4ecb-adc0-d7e8b5b9c55c


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzM5LTEtMS0xLTA_3f35db5e-94ae-4206-aa54-abd38e6f4fb7


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzM5LTMtMS0xLTA_d556b3ab-9124-4b2d-8810-ee245b3c6d82


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzM5LTUtMS0xLTA_de4f01b3-02d5-4971-87b6-1d1f547350e7


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzQwLTEtMS0xLTA_a18bc0ba-feb9-4e35-994c-f397b92c4d58


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzQwLTMtMS0xLTA_6e58abe4-cfa2-4718-a123-0e68174e835d


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzQwLTUtMS0xLTA_5c4cd116-a31b-42ca-9789-82fe3bc76ace


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzQxLTEtMS0xLTA_0b0dd98d-8573-4166-bc7f-b366128376db


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzQxLTMtMS0xLTA_6b4b16db-c3fc-4cbb-af9c-6fb749ee357a


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzQxLTUtMS0xLTA_9d6ceae0-47f7-4179-a623-8ef0f83999e1


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzQyLTEtMS0xLTA_2dac5a52-fcf6-48e6-88d7-ba45434fac31


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzQyLTMtMS0xLTA_c6c608d0-20a8-47e8-a5e3-49b091d992f5


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzQyLTUtMS0xLTA_9ad52bf2-00f4-41f3-98a7-8288191e480d


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzQzLTEtMS0xLTA_ac0208d5-b575-4de3-b03e-b28434f16591


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzQzLTMtMS0xLTA_54c4d935-e990-4599-b179-1e10604affaa


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzQzLTUtMS0xLTA_d5967386-8d33-4310-8e3f-85ca323cf484


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzQ0LTEtMS0xLTA_7723dc4c-6e8e-4fe1-9d7b-2b67efd07c23


      contextRef=i396c4e5beca74184b9989d548c90040e_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzQ0LTMtMS0xLTA_0d89c829-8762-424f-b376-a14126667462


      contextRef=id849ee40d2c046fc9b02e8af2bfe7991_I20180630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzQ0LTUtMS0xLTA_045d84ad-03bc-4921-8678-1d0cad684bfd


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzQ1LTEtMS0xLTA_22995512-9d2a-4238-ba32-1aa2a25adf40


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzQ1LTMtMS0xLTA_a4de3e1d-486a-45d7-ae90-244ee60dea74


      contextRef=i396c4e5beca74184b9989d548c90040e_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzQ1LTUtMS0xLTA_02a09fcd-d9b2-49e9-b127-6d67bcac4d42


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzQ2LTEtMS0xLTA_d27b4af7-ebb9-4ef7-af21-f584a0d24dd2


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzQ2LTMtMS0xLTA_e7c935d6-8436-4900-8682-dda8b4e63191


      contextRef=i396c4e5beca74184b9989d548c90040e_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzQ2LTUtMS0xLTA_98ed0e79-0968-4fe8-8ead-576e9dc0a34f


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzQ3LTEtMS0xLTA_65cc9bf5-ace0-452b-b709-b8805e73b65e


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzQ3LTMtMS0xLTA_c0d88cda-9aa1-43bb-abdc-fd0ecbc32e2f


      contextRef=i396c4e5beca74184b9989d548c90040e_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzAvZnJhZzo1OGFmNzRmNWE4ODk0MDI3OTYwMTQ4YWIzYjIyN2FlZC90YWJsZTo1NzkxZDYyYThjODQ0ZDU3YThjODYyZTYxYTcwNDI4ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3OTFkNjJhOGM4NDRkNTdhOGM4NjJlNjFhNzA0MjhkXzQ3LTUtMS0xLTA_48e5e8ed-5f5e-47b4-8701-9a6601c8deca


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 was founded in 1993 and is headquartered in Lake Success
 New York. The Company&#x2019;s mission has continued to evolve since its founding
 with health and wellness being the core tenet. The Company continues to be a leading marketer
 manufacturer and seller of organic and natural
 &#x201c;better-for-you&#x201d; products by anticipating and exceeding consumer expectations in providing quality
 innovation
 value and convenience. The Company is committed to growing sustainably while continuing to implement environmentally sound business practices and manufacturing processes. Hain Celestial sells its products through specialty and natural food distributors
 supermarkets
 &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;natural food stores
 mass-market and e-commerce retailers
 food service channels and club

 but which it does not control
 are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. As such
 consolidated net income (loss) includes the Company&#x2019;s equity in the current earnings or losses of such companies.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Unless otherwise indicated
 references in these consolidated financial statements to 2021
 2020 and 2019 or &#x201c;fiscal&#x201d; 2021
 2020 and 2019 or other years refer to our fiscal year ended June 30 of that respective year and references to 2022 or &#x201c;fiscal&#x201d; 2022 refer to our fiscal year ending June 30

 among others
 revenue recognition
 trade promotions and sales incentives
 valuation of accounts and chargeback receivables
 valuation of long-lived assets
 goodwill and intangible assets
 stock-based compensation
 and valuation allowances for deferred tax assets. We believe in the quality and reasonableness of our critical accounting estimates; however


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-1
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzYvZnJhZzpjYjQxMjIwOGE5MjE0MDVlOTQ3MDc0MWVlM2U3ZGYzMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNiNDEyMjA4YTkyMTQwNWU5NDcwNzQxZWUzZTdkZjMyXzkyNg_c2ef0aa1-da4e-44ed-b494-8075d6800d11


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzYvZnJhZzpjYjQxMjIwOGE5MjE0MDVlOTQ3MDc0MWVlM2U3ZGYzMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNiNDEyMjA4YTkyMTQwNWU5NDcwNzQxZWUzZTdkZjMyXzc3MTY_f2d677da-98e1-4bd3-81e6-f52eed2f7105


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 but which it does not control
 are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. As such
 consolidated net income (loss) includes the Company&#x2019;s equity in the current earnings or losses of such companies.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;Unless otherwise indicated
 references in these consolidated financial statements to 2021
 2020 and 2019 or &#x201c;fiscal&#x201d; 2021
 2020 and 2019 or other years refer to our fiscal year ended June 30 of that respective year and references to 2022 or &#x201c;fiscal&#x201d; 2022 refer to our fiscal year ending June 30


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 among others
 revenue recognition
 trade promotions and sales incentives
 valuation of accounts and chargeback receivables
 valuation of long-lived assets
 goodwill and intangible assets
 stock-based compensation
 and valuation allowances for deferred tax assets. We believe in the quality and reasonableness of our critical accounting estimates; however


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


 supermarkets
 natural foods stores
 mass-market and e-commerce retailers
 food service channels and club


 but we generally provide credit terms to customers ranging from 15-60 days; therefore
 we have determined that our contracts do not include a significant financing component. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Sales includes shipping and handling charges billed to the customer and are reported net of discounts
 trade promotions and sales incentives
 consumer coupon programs and other costs
 including estimated allowances for returns
 allowances and discounts associated with aged or potentially unsalable product

 many of our contracts include some form of variable consideration.  We offer various trade promotions and sales incentive programs to customers and consumers
 such as price discounts
 slotting fees
 in-store display incentives
 cooperative advertising programs
 new product introduction fees and coupons. The expenses associated with these programs are accounted for as reductions to the transaction price of our products and are therefore deducted from our net sales to determine reported net sales.  Trade promotions and sales incentive accruals are subject to significant management estimates and assumptions. The critical assumptions used in estimating the accruals for trade promotions and sales incentives include management&#x2019;s estimate of expected levels of performance and redemption rates. Management exercises judgment in developing these assumptions. These assumptions are based upon historical performance of the retailer or distributor customers with similar types of promotions adjusted for current trends. The Company regularly reviews and revises
 when deemed necessary

 the Company has elected a practical expedient under ASC 606 that allows the Company to expense as incurred the incremental costs of obtaining a contract if the contract period is for one year or less.  These costs are included in the selling

 2020
 collectability of accounts receivable is assessed by applying a historical loss-rate methodology in accordance with ASC Topic 326

 adjusted as necessary based on the Company's review of accounts receivable on an individual basis
 specifically identifying customers with known disputes or collectability issues
 and experience with trade receivable aging categories. The Company also considers market conditions and current and expected future economic conditions to inform adjustments to historical loss data. Changes to the allowance
 if any
 are classified as bad de&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;bt provisions in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Credit losses have been within the Company&#x2019;s expectations in recent years.  While one of the Company&#x2019;s customers represented approximately 9% and&#160;13% of trade receivables balances as of&#160;June&#160;30
 2021&#160;and&#160;2020
 respectively
 the Company believes that there is no significant or unusual credit exposure at this time.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Based on cash collection history and other statistical analysis
 the Company estimates the amount of unauthorized deductions customers have taken that we expect will be collected and repaid in the near future and records a chargeback receivable. Differences between estimated collectible receivables and actual collections are recognized in earnings in the period such differences are determined.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Sales to one customer and its affiliates approximated 11%
 12% and 11% of sales during the fiscal years ended&#160;June&#160;30
 2021
&#160;2020&#160;and&#160;2019
 respectively. Sales to a second customer and its affiliates approximated 8%
&#160;9%&#160;and&#160;10%&#160;of sales during the fiscal years ended&#160;June&#160;30
 2021
&#160;2020 and&#160;2019
 respectively.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;In addition
 cash and cash equivalents are maintained with several financial institutions. Deposits held with banks may exceed the amount of insurance provided on such deposits. Generally

 utilizing the first-in
 first-out method.  The Company provides write-downs for finished goods expected to become non-saleable due to age and specifically identifies and provides for slow moving or obsolete raw ingredients and packaging. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Property
 plant and equipment is carried at cost and depreciated or amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives or lease term (for leasehold improvements)
 whichever is shorter.  The Company believes the useful lives assigned to our property
 plant and equipment are within ranges generally used in consumer products manufacturing and distribution businesses.  The Company&#x2019;s manufacturing plants and distribution centers
 and their related assets
 are reviewed when impairment indicators are present by analyzing underlying cash flow projections.  The Company believes no impairment of the carrying value of such assets exists other than as disclosed under Note 7
 &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net
 &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;and Note 5


 or when circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable.  The Company performs its annual test for impairment at the beginning of the fourth quarter of its fiscal year.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit is an operating segment or a component of an operating segment. Goodwill is tested for impairment by either performing a qualitative evaluation or a quantitative test. The qualitative evaluation is an assessment of factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 including goodwill. We may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment for some or all reporting units and perform a quantitative impairment test. The impairment test for goodwill requires the Company to compare the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value
 including goodwill. The Company uses a blended analysis of a discounted cash flow model and a market valuation approach to determine the fair values of its reporting units. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 the Company would then compare the carrying value of the goodwill to its implied fair value in order to determine the amount of the impairment
 if any.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Indefinite-lived intangible assets
 which are not amortized
 consist primarily of acquired trademarks and tradenames. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are evaluated on an annual basis in conjunction with the Company&#x2019;s evaluation of goodwill
 or on an interim basis if and when events or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of any of its indefinite-life intangible assets below their carrying value. In assessing fair value
 the Company utilizes a &#x201c;relief from royalty&#x201d; methodology. This approach involves two steps: (i) estimating the royalty rates for each trademark and (ii) applying these royalty rates to a projected net sales stream and discounting the resulting cash flows to determine fair value. If the carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets exceeds the fair value of the asset

 weighted average cost of capital and assumed royalty rates. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;See Note 9
 &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets

 such as non-recourse accounts receivable factoring arrangements
 when the Company has surrendered control over the related assets. Determining whether control has transferred requires an evaluation of relevant legal considerations
 an assessment of the nature and extent of the Company&#x2019;s continuing involvement with the assets transferred and any other relevant considerations. The Company has a non-recourse factoring arrangement in which eligible receivables are sold to a third-party buyer in exchange for cash. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The Company transferred accounts receivables in their entirety to the buyer and satisfied all of the conditions to report the transfer of financial assets in their entirety as a sale. The principal amount of receivables sold under this arrangement was $96
788 during the year ended June&#160;30
 2021
 $108
928 during the year ended June&#160;30
 2020 and no amounts were sold in the year ended June&#160;30
 2019. The incremental cost of &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;factoring receivables under this arrangement is included in Interest and other financing expense

 including the costs of raw materials and labor and overhead required to produce the products
 warehousing
 distribution
 supply chain costs

 net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.&#160; &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:700;line-height:120%&gt;Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Included in Selling
 general and administrative expenses are advertising costs
 promotion costs not paid directly to the Company&#x2019;s customers
 salary and related benefit costs of the Company&#x2019;s employees in the finance
 human resources
 information technology
 legal
 sales and marketing functions
 facility related costs of the Company&#x2019;s administrative functions
 research and development costs

 general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.  Research and development costs amounted to $10
372 in fiscal 2021
 $11
653 in fiscal 2020 and $11
120 in fiscal 2019

 which are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses
 amounted to $20
706 in fiscal 2021
 $19
455 in fiscal 2020 and $23

 the Company received $7
027 as partial payment from an insurance claim relating to business disruption costs associated with a co-packer
 $4
460 of which was recognized in fiscal 2019 as it related to reimbursement of costs incurred in &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;that fiscal year. The Company recorded an additional $2
567 in the first quarter of fiscal 2020 and received an additional $462 of proceeds in the third quarter of fiscal 2020. In fiscal 2021

 deferred taxes are determined based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities at enacted rates in effect in the years in which the differences are expected to reverse.  Valuation allowances are provided for deferred tax assets to the extent it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be recoverable against future taxable income. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The Company recognizes liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process prescribed by the authoritative guidance. The first step requires the Company to determine if the weight of available evidence indicates that the tax position has met the threshold for recognition; therefore
 the Company must evaluate whether it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit
 including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes.  The second step requires the Company to measure the tax benefit of the tax position taken
 or expected to be taken
 in an income tax return as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement.  The Company reevaluates the uncertain tax positions each period based on factors including
 but not limited to
 changes in facts or circumstances
 changes in tax law
 effectively settled issues under audit
 and new audit activity.  Depending on the jurisdiction

 2021 and 2020
 the Company had $0 and $7
 respectively
 invested in money market funds
 which are classified as cash equivalents.  At June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020
 the carrying values of financial instruments such as accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses and other current liabilities
 as well as borrowings under our credit facility and other borrowings

 ASC 815

 provides the disclosure requirements for derivatives and hedging activities with the intent to provide users of financial statements with an enhanced understanding of: (a) how and why an entity uses derivative instruments
 (b) how the entity accounts for derivative instruments and related hedged items and (c) how derivative instruments and related hedged items affect an entity&#x2019;s financial position
 financial performance and cash flows. Further
 qualitative disclosures are required that explain the Company&#x2019;s objectives and strategies for using derivatives
 as well as quantitative disclosures about the fair value of and gains and losses on derivative instruments
 and disclosures about credit-risk-related contingent features in derivative instruments.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;As required by ASC 815
 the Company records all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value.  The accounting for changes in the fair value of derivatives depends on the intended use of the derivative
 whether the Company has elected to designate a derivative in a hedging relationship and apply hedge accounting and whether the hedging relationship has satisfied the criteria necessary to apply hedge accounting. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset
 liability or firm commitment attributable to a particular risk
 such as interest rate risk
 are considered fair value hedges. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows
 or other types of forecasted transactions
 are considered cash flow hedges. Derivatives may also be designated as hedges of the foreign currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation. Hedge accounting generally provides for the matching of the timing of gain or loss recognition on the hedging instrument with the recognition of the changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk in a fair value hedge or the earnings effect of the hedged forecasted transactions in a cash flow hedge. The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivative instruments that qualify for cash flow hedge and net investment hedge accounting treatment are recognized in stockholders&#x2019; equity as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive loss until the hedged item is recognized in earnings.  Changes in the fair value of fair value hedges
 derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment
 as well as the ineffective portion of any cash flow hedges
 are recognized currently in earnings as a component of other (income) expense
 net or interest and other financing expense
 net in the accompanying financial statements.  The Company may enter into derivative contracts that are intended to economically hedge certain of its risks

 and a Monte Carlo simulation model to determine the fair value of market-based awards. The fair value of stock-based compensation awards is recognized as an expense over the vesting period using the straight-line method.  For awards that contain a market condition
 expense is recognized over the defined or derived service period using a Monte Carlo simulation model.  Compensation expense is recognized for these awards on a straight-line basis over the service period
 regardless of the eventual number of shares that are earned based upon the market condition
 provided that each grantee remains an employee at the end of the performance period. Compensation expense on awards that contain a market condition is reversed if at any time during the service period a grantee is no longer an employee.  &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;For restricted stock awards which include performance criteria

 other than goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives
 held and used in the business when events and circumstances occur indicating that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable.  An impairment test is performed when the estimated undiscounted cash flows associated with the asset or group of assets is less than their carrying value.  Once such impairment test is performed
 a loss is recognized based on the amount
 if any
 by which the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value for assets to be held and used. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;See Note 7
 &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;
 &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Net
&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt; and Note 5
 &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Dispositions

 2019
 arrangements containing leases are evaluated as an operating or finance lease at lease inception. For operating leases
 the Company recognizes an operating lease right-of-use (ROU) asset and operating lease liability at lease commencement based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;With the exception of certain finance leases
 an implicit rate of return is not readily determinable for the Company's leases. For these leases

 and corresponding operating lease liabilities are presented within accrued expenses and other current liabilities (current portions)
 and as operating lease liabilities
 noncurrent portion
 on the Company&#x2019;s Consolidated Balance Sheet. Finance lease assets are included in property
 plant and equipment
 net
 and corresponding finance lease liabilities are included within current portion of long-term debt and long-term debt
 less current portion

 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-13

 which requires measurement and recognition of expected versus incurred credit losses for most financial assets. The ASU applies to trade and other receivables recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company adopted the standard on July 1
 2020 using the modified retrospective transition method
 recognizing an adjustment to beginning retained earnings of $310 reflecting the cumulative impact of adoption. The adoption did not materially impact the Company's results of operations or financial position
 and as a result
 comparisons between periods were not materially affected by the adoption of ASU 2016-13. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;In January 2017
 the FASB issued ASU 2017-04

 which removes the second step of the goodwill impairment test that requires a hypothetical purchase price allocation. A goodwill impairment will now be the amount by which a reporting unit&#x2019;s carrying value exceeds its fair value
 not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. This guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2019. The Company adopted ASU 2017-04 on July 1
 2020
 and the adoption of this standard did not have an impact on the Company&#x2019;s consolidated financial statements.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;In August 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-13

 which modifies the disclosure requirements for fair value measurement by removing
 modifying or adding certain disclosures. The new guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2019
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted ASU 2018-13 on July 1
 2020
 and the adoption of this standard did not have an impact on the Company&#x2019;s consolidated financial statements.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;In August 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-15


 which aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. The amended guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2019
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted ASU 2018-15 on July 1
 2020

 the FASB issued ASU 2019-12

 which simplifies various aspects related to accounting for income taxes and eliminates certain exceptions related to the approach for intraperiod tax allocation
 the methodology for calculating taxes during the quarters and the recognition of deferred tax liabilities for outside basis differences. The new guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2021
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently assessing the impact that this standard will have on its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;In March 2020
 the FASB issued ASU 2020-04

 which provides temporary optional expedients and exceptions for applying generally accepted accounting principles to contracts
 hedging relationships and other transactions affected by reference rate reform. ASU 2020-04 is currently effective and upon adoption may be applied prospectively to contract modifications made on or before December 31
 2022. In January 2021
 the FASB issued ASU 2021-01

 which clarifies certain provisions in Topic 848
 if elected by an entity
 to apply to derivative instruments that use an interest rate for margining
 discounting
 or contract price alignment that is modified as a result of reference rate reform. The Company is currently assessing the impact that these standards will have on its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;In October 2020
 the FASB issued ASU 2020-10

 cross referencing to other guidance
 and refining or correcting terminology. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630



      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 supermarkets
 natural foods stores
 mass-market and e-commerce retailers
 food service channels and club


 but we generally provide credit terms to customers ranging from 15-60 days; therefore
 we have determined that our contracts do not include a significant financing component. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Sales includes shipping and handling charges billed to the customer and are reported net of discounts
 trade promotions and sales incentives
 consumer coupon programs and other costs
 including estimated allowances for returns
 allowances and discounts associated with aged or potentially unsalable product

 many of our contracts include some form of variable consideration.  We offer various trade promotions and sales incentive programs to customers and consumers
 such as price discounts
 slotting fees
 in-store display incentives
 cooperative advertising programs
 new product introduction fees and coupons. The expenses associated with these programs are accounted for as reductions to the transaction price of our products and are therefore deducted from our net sales to determine reported net sales.  Trade promotions and sales incentive accruals are subject to significant management estimates and assumptions. The critical assumptions used in estimating the accruals for trade promotions and sales incentives include management&#x2019;s estimate of expected levels of performance and redemption rates. Management exercises judgment in developing these assumptions. These assumptions are based upon historical performance of the retailer or distributor customers with similar types of promotions adjusted for current trends. The Company regularly reviews and revises
 when deemed necessary

 the Company has elected a practical expedient under ASC 606 that allows the Company to expense as incurred the incremental costs of obtaining a contract if the contract period is for one year or less.  These costs are included in the selling
 general and administrative expense line item on the Consolidated Statements of Operations.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;Cost of SalesIncluded in cost of sales are the cost of products sold
 including the costs of raw materials and labor and overhead required to produce the products
 warehousing
 distribution
 supply chain costs


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-1
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzkvZnJhZzpmNGQ3ZjRmNWYzYzE0OGQ5YmRhMWRhZjAzOTcyY2M4NS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmY0ZDdmNGY1ZjNjMTQ4ZDliZGExZGFmMDM5NzJjYzg1XzEwOTk1MTE2ODI4NTA_c2ef0aa1-da4e-44ed-b494-8075d6800d11


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630



      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 2020
 collectability of accounts receivable is assessed by applying a historical loss-rate methodology in accordance with ASC Topic 326

 adjusted as necessary based on the Company's review of accounts receivable on an individual basis
 specifically identifying customers with known disputes or collectability issues
 and experience with trade receivable aging categories. The Company also considers market conditions and current and expected future economic conditions to inform adjustments to historical loss data. Changes to the allowance
 if any
 are classified as bad de&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;bt provisions in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Credit losses have been within the Company&#x2019;s expectations in recent years.  While one of the Company&#x2019;s customers represented approximately 9% and&#160;13% of trade receivables balances as of&#160;June&#160;30
 2021&#160;and&#160;2020
 respectively
 the Company believes that there is no significant or unusual credit exposure at this time.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Based on cash collection history and other statistical analysis


      contextRef=ia07e4a9937a747f688e73c3b5f3614ef_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzkvZnJhZzpmNGQ3ZjRmNWYzYzE0OGQ5YmRhMWRhZjAzOTcyY2M4NS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmY0ZDdmNGY1ZjNjMTQ4ZDliZGExZGFmMDM5NzJjYzg1XzEwOTk1MTE2ODI0NTI_e851ecba-23fe-4adf-8a9c-81d193c00f34


      contextRef=i1d6ab369cebc4a66a96daeac7abe13c4_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzkvZnJhZzpmNGQ3ZjRmNWYzYzE0OGQ5YmRhMWRhZjAzOTcyY2M4NS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmY0ZDdmNGY1ZjNjMTQ4ZDliZGExZGFmMDM5NzJjYzg1XzEwOTk1MTE2ODI4MDk_ed2138bd-7985-4928-af1a-b24ea8da8e27


      contextRef=i14287c924d3641368a7b61027e45ea6a_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzkvZnJhZzpmNGQ3ZjRmNWYzYzE0OGQ5YmRhMWRhZjAzOTcyY2M4NS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmY0ZDdmNGY1ZjNjMTQ4ZDliZGExZGFmMDM5NzJjYzg1XzY5MDc_16513eff-488b-4a3d-93b2-24c8b2a538e6


      contextRef=if6ec0aecce1a4caf83497f75bb208997_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzkvZnJhZzpmNGQ3ZjRmNWYzYzE0OGQ5YmRhMWRhZjAzOTcyY2M4NS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmY0ZDdmNGY1ZjNjMTQ4ZDliZGExZGFmMDM5NzJjYzg1XzY5MTE_d0f7e23e-2559-4779-99f2-b4a52c1a1bc8


      contextRef=ic347c6c086934041b9f2cbf98f625fce_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzkvZnJhZzpmNGQ3ZjRmNWYzYzE0OGQ5YmRhMWRhZjAzOTcyY2M4NS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmY0ZDdmNGY1ZjNjMTQ4ZDliZGExZGFmMDM5NzJjYzg1XzY5MTg_cb8f3ab1-26c8-475c-a9c0-a124b78d5334


      contextRef=icec31409566646e4a3ea882200f08820_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzkvZnJhZzpmNGQ3ZjRmNWYzYzE0OGQ5YmRhMWRhZjAzOTcyY2M4NS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmY0ZDdmNGY1ZjNjMTQ4ZDliZGExZGFmMDM5NzJjYzg1XzcwNTM_64414069-71bf-4e44-84f1-3e9fa6856741


      contextRef=i8ed45253a7ba4efbabb617b542c943f5_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzkvZnJhZzpmNGQ3ZjRmNWYzYzE0OGQ5YmRhMWRhZjAzOTcyY2M4NS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmY0ZDdmNGY1ZjNjMTQ4ZDliZGExZGFmMDM5NzJjYzg1XzcwNTc_b5ee6863-f512-436e-bc85-9e807bb89842


      contextRef=ib7f5b828de844cbebb62161edf991d90_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzkvZnJhZzpmNGQ3ZjRmNWYzYzE0OGQ5YmRhMWRhZjAzOTcyY2M4NS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmY0ZDdmNGY1ZjNjMTQ4ZDliZGExZGFmMDM5NzJjYzg1XzcwNjQ_c3efff91-8a26-451b-9331-1f3e81ce6d06


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 utilizing the first-in


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 Plant and Equipment &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Property
 plant and equipment is carried at cost and depreciated or amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives or lease term (for leasehold improvements)
 whichever is shorter.  The Company believes the useful lives assigned to our property
 plant and equipment are within ranges generally used in consumer products manufacturing and distribution businesses.  The Company&#x2019;s manufacturing plants and distribution centers
 and their related assets
 are reviewed when impairment indicators are present by analyzing underlying cash flow projections.  The Company believes no impairment of the carrying value of such assets exists other than as disclosed under Note 7
 &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net
 &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;and Note 5



      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i2ebd664a5653489a8280f79bd4f7672a_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=iea5570915288437ba27bbf900aa28007_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i27b2180d3192471d99b24e760cdff7e3_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i7133104a5a2444b8b61ed534d5f8a481_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i5983281068b54577abbaeab8132ff3a5_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i3799d0b331924a199a4ff1f58959f985_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i14d43b4c617b4b1890445be7765b9666_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=ibe0d2c8ceba345da80d04254467eccfe_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 or when circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable.  The Company performs its annual test for impairment at the beginning of the fourth quarter of its fiscal year.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit is an operating segment or a component of an operating segment. Goodwill is tested for impairment by either performing a qualitative evaluation or a quantitative test. The qualitative evaluation is an assessment of factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 including goodwill. We may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment for some or all reporting units and perform a quantitative impairment test. The impairment test for goodwill requires the Company to compare the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value
 including goodwill. The Company uses a blended analysis of a discounted cash flow model and a market valuation approach to determine the fair values of its reporting units. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 the Company would then compare the carrying value of the goodwill to its implied fair value in order to determine the amount of the impairment
 if any.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Indefinite-lived intangible assets
 which are not amortized
 consist primarily of acquired trademarks and tradenames. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are evaluated on an annual basis in conjunction with the Company&#x2019;s evaluation of goodwill
 or on an interim basis if and when events or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of any of its indefinite-life intangible assets below their carrying value. In assessing fair value
 the Company utilizes a &#x201c;relief from royalty&#x201d; methodology. This approach involves two steps: (i) estimating the royalty rates for each trademark and (ii) applying these royalty rates to a projected net sales stream and discounting the resulting cash flows to determine fair value. If the carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets exceeds the fair value of the asset

 weighted average cost of capital and assumed royalty rates. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;See Note 9
 &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 such as non-recourse accounts receivable factoring arrangements
 when the Company has surrendered control over the related assets. Determining whether control has transferred requires an evaluation of relevant legal considerations
 an assessment of the nature and extent of the Company&#x2019;s continuing involvement with the assets transferred and any other relevant considerations. The Company has a non-recourse factoring arrangement in which eligible receivables are sold to a third-party buyer in exchange for cash. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The Company transferred accounts receivables in their entirety to the buyer and satisfied all of the conditions to report the transfer of financial assets in their entirety as a sale. The principal amount of receivables sold under this arrangement was $96
788 during the year ended June&#160;30
 2021
 $108
928 during the year ended June&#160;30
 2020 and no amounts were sold in the year ended June&#160;30
 2019. The incremental cost of &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;factoring receivables under this arrangement is included in Interest and other financing expense


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzkvZnJhZzpmNGQ3ZjRmNWYzYzE0OGQ5YmRhMWRhZjAzOTcyY2M4NS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmY0ZDdmNGY1ZjNjMTQ4ZDliZGExZGFmMDM5NzJjYzg1XzEwOTk1MTE2ODI4MTQ_5931b4df-b0f4-4015-bee2-1e2e5e44898a


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzkvZnJhZzpmNGQ3ZjRmNWYzYzE0OGQ5YmRhMWRhZjAzOTcyY2M4NS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmY0ZDdmNGY1ZjNjMTQ4ZDliZGExZGFmMDM5NzJjYzg1XzEwOTk1MTE2NzQ5MTc_95d571ea-f8c5-4808-95e0-6756887fed7c


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzkvZnJhZzpmNGQ3ZjRmNWYzYzE0OGQ5YmRhMWRhZjAzOTcyY2M4NS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmY0ZDdmNGY1ZjNjMTQ4ZDliZGExZGFmMDM5NzJjYzg1XzEyNDAw_aa8cabdd-636e-47a3-ba5a-0cea7de31318


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630



      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 General and Administrative Expenses Included in Selling
 general and administrative expenses are advertising costs
 promotion costs not paid directly to the Company&#x2019;s customers
 salary and related benefit costs of the Company&#x2019;s employees in the finance
 human resources
 information technology
 legal
 sales and marketing functions
 facility related costs of the Company&#x2019;s administrative functions
 research and development costs


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.  Research and development costs amounted to $10
372 in fiscal 2021
 $11
653 in fiscal 2020 and $11
120 in fiscal 2019


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzkvZnJhZzpmNGQ3ZjRmNWYzYzE0OGQ5YmRhMWRhZjAzOTcyY2M4NS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmY0ZDdmNGY1ZjNjMTQ4ZDliZGExZGFmMDM5NzJjYzg1XzE0ODc2_98dc4cd1-dfba-4949-9967-59e03a2169e8


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzkvZnJhZzpmNGQ3ZjRmNWYzYzE0OGQ5YmRhMWRhZjAzOTcyY2M4NS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmY0ZDdmNGY1ZjNjMTQ4ZDliZGExZGFmMDM5NzJjYzg1XzE0ODkz_e5c09346-cab9-4519-8411-5df65daf85e6


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzkvZnJhZzpmNGQ3ZjRmNWYzYzE0OGQ5YmRhMWRhZjAzOTcyY2M4NS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmY0ZDdmNGY1ZjNjMTQ4ZDliZGExZGFmMDM5NzJjYzg1XzE0OTEz_70be4e33-b494-4454-be4a-fb906e087be4


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 which are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses
 amounted to $20
706 in fiscal 2021
 $19
455 in fiscal 2020 and $23


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzkvZnJhZzpmNGQ3ZjRmNWYzYzE0OGQ5YmRhMWRhZjAzOTcyY2M4NS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmY0ZDdmNGY1ZjNjMTQ4ZDliZGExZGFmMDM5NzJjYzg1XzE1NDQ0_3b28c3e9-c3fa-4eb6-b69f-b3e11fed2d3f


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzkvZnJhZzpmNGQ3ZjRmNWYzYzE0OGQ5YmRhMWRhZjAzOTcyY2M4NS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmY0ZDdmNGY1ZjNjMTQ4ZDliZGExZGFmMDM5NzJjYzg1XzE1NDYx_b356c3c3-88dc-41bc-8fd8-71e8e3ea8399


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzkvZnJhZzpmNGQ3ZjRmNWYzYzE0OGQ5YmRhMWRhZjAzOTcyY2M4NS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmY0ZDdmNGY1ZjNjMTQ4ZDliZGExZGFmMDM5NzJjYzg1XzE1NDgx_c2d3926e-f4a9-4972-aa9c-088b59bbe7e4


      contextRef=i5f3b92d1895f4ae9b48c2078c4763111_D20190701-20190731
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzkvZnJhZzpmNGQ3ZjRmNWYzYzE0OGQ5YmRhMWRhZjAzOTcyY2M4NS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmY0ZDdmNGY1ZjNjMTQ4ZDliZGExZGFmMDM5NzJjYzg1XzE1NjA4_8a3d8d0c-b241-4b3b-9b4c-1af324114c51


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzkvZnJhZzpmNGQ3ZjRmNWYzYzE0OGQ5YmRhMWRhZjAzOTcyY2M4NS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmY0ZDdmNGY1ZjNjMTQ4ZDliZGExZGFmMDM5NzJjYzg1XzE1NzIx_e72b5647-5bc3-44ba-bc80-1c4fa60f4ba1


      contextRef=i09d695df95544f06bb7433ac77ee4dfb_D20190701-20190930
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzkvZnJhZzpmNGQ3ZjRmNWYzYzE0OGQ5YmRhMWRhZjAzOTcyY2M4NS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmY0ZDdmNGY1ZjNjMTQ4ZDliZGExZGFmMDM5NzJjYzg1XzE1ODY4_2ba39c7d-aee2-4364-99ed-9e72d8a9ebe1


      contextRef=i65b354f027e34e2ca428eaeb853e2bb1_D20200101-20200331
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzkvZnJhZzpmNGQ3ZjRmNWYzYzE0OGQ5YmRhMWRhZjAzOTcyY2M4NS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmY0ZDdmNGY1ZjNjMTQ4ZDliZGExZGFmMDM5NzJjYzg1XzE1OTM0_2d40716a-24dc-44d3-aacd-b196ad0b44dc


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzkvZnJhZzpmNGQ3ZjRmNWYzYzE0OGQ5YmRhMWRhZjAzOTcyY2M4NS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmY0ZDdmNGY1ZjNjMTQ4ZDliZGExZGFmMDM5NzJjYzg1XzEwOTk1MTE2NzQ5NTU_58bb9b7b-8fdb-4370-97a7-2b8455ed3960


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 deferred taxes are determined based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities at enacted rates in effect in the years in which the differences are expected to reverse.  Valuation allowances are provided for deferred tax assets to the extent it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be recoverable against future taxable income. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;The Company recognizes liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process prescribed by the authoritative guidance. The first step requires the Company to determine if the weight of available evidence indicates that the tax position has met the threshold for recognition; therefore
 the Company must evaluate whether it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit
 including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes.  The second step requires the Company to measure the tax benefit of the tax position taken
 or expected to be taken
 in an income tax return as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement.  The Company reevaluates the uncertain tax positions each period based on factors including
 but not limited to
 changes in facts or circumstances
 changes in tax law
 effectively settled issues under audit
 and new audit activity.  Depending on the jurisdiction


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 2021 and 2020
 the Company had $0 and $7
 respectively
 invested in money market funds
 which are classified as cash equivalents.  At June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020
 the carrying values of financial instruments such as accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses and other current liabilities
 as well as borrowings under our credit facility and other borrowings


 or inputs which are observable
 either directly or indirectly



      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzkvZnJhZzpmNGQ3ZjRmNWYzYzE0OGQ5YmRhMWRhZjAzOTcyY2M4NS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmY0ZDdmNGY1ZjNjMTQ4ZDliZGExZGFmMDM5NzJjYzg1XzE3OTM3_215b05fb-8d41-4a91-8263-c2710d3a1007


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzkvZnJhZzpmNGQ3ZjRmNWYzYzE0OGQ5YmRhMWRhZjAzOTcyY2M4NS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmY0ZDdmNGY1ZjNjMTQ4ZDliZGExZGFmMDM5NzJjYzg1XzE3OTQ0_15c73329-4d02-4b78-95d6-6e58f0b527c8


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 ASC 815

 provides the disclosure requirements for derivatives and hedging activities with the intent to provide users of financial statements with an enhanced understanding of: (a) how and why an entity uses derivative instruments
 (b) how the entity accounts for derivative instruments and related hedged items and (c) how derivative instruments and related hedged items affect an entity&#x2019;s financial position
 financial performance and cash flows. Further
 qualitative disclosures are required that explain the Company&#x2019;s objectives and strategies for using derivatives
 as well as quantitative disclosures about the fair value of and gains and losses on derivative instruments
 and disclosures about credit-risk-related contingent features in derivative instruments.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;As required by ASC 815
 the Company records all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value.  The accounting for changes in the fair value of derivatives depends on the intended use of the derivative
 whether the Company has elected to designate a derivative in a hedging relationship and apply hedge accounting and whether the hedging relationship has satisfied the criteria necessary to apply hedge accounting. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset
 liability or firm commitment attributable to a particular risk
 such as interest rate risk
 are considered fair value hedges. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows
 or other types of forecasted transactions
 are considered cash flow hedges. Derivatives may also be designated as hedges of the foreign currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation. Hedge accounting generally provides for the matching of the timing of gain or loss recognition on the hedging instrument with the recognition of the changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk in a fair value hedge or the earnings effect of the hedged forecasted transactions in a cash flow hedge. The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivative instruments that qualify for cash flow hedge and net investment hedge accounting treatment are recognized in stockholders&#x2019; equity as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive loss until the hedged item is recognized in earnings.  Changes in the fair value of fair value hedges
 derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment
 as well as the ineffective portion of any cash flow hedges
 are recognized currently in earnings as a component of other (income) expense
 net or interest and other financing expense
 net in the accompanying financial statements.  The Company may enter into derivative contracts that are intended to economically hedge certain of its risks


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 and a Monte Carlo simulation model to determine the fair value of market-based awards. The fair value of stock-based compensation awards is recognized as an expense over the vesting period using the straight-line method.  For awards that contain a market condition
 expense is recognized over the defined or derived service period using a Monte Carlo simulation model.  Compensation expense is recognized for these awards on a straight-line basis over the service period
 regardless of the eventual number of shares that are earned based upon the market condition
 provided that each grantee remains an employee at the end of the performance period. Compensation expense on awards that contain a market condition is reversed if at any time during the service period a grantee is no longer an employee.  &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;For restricted stock awards which include performance criteria


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 other than goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives
 held and used in the business when events and circumstances occur indicating that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable.  An impairment test is performed when the estimated undiscounted cash flows associated with the asset or group of assets is less than their carrying value.  Once such impairment test is performed
 a loss is recognized based on the amount
 if any


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 2019
 arrangements containing leases are evaluated as an operating or finance lease at lease inception. For operating leases
 the Company recognizes an operating lease right-of-use (ROU) asset and operating lease liability at lease commencement based on the present value of lease payments over the lease term.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;With the exception of certain finance leases
 an implicit rate of return is not readily determinable for the Company's leases. For these leases

 and corresponding operating lease liabilities are presented within accrued expenses and other current liabilities (current portions)
 and as operating lease liabilities
 noncurrent portion
 on the Company&#x2019;s Consolidated Balance Sheet. Finance lease assets are included in property
 plant and equipment
 net
 and corresponding finance lease liabilities are included within current portion of long-term debt and long-term debt
 less current portion


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-13

 which requires measurement and recognition of expected versus incurred credit losses for most financial assets. The ASU applies to trade and other receivables recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company adopted the standard on July 1
 2020 using the modified retrospective transition method
 recognizing an adjustment to beginning retained earnings of $310 reflecting the cumulative impact of adoption. The adoption did not materially impact the Company's results of operations or financial position
 and as a result
 comparisons between periods were not materially affected by the adoption of ASU 2016-13. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;In January 2017
 the FASB issued ASU 2017-04

 which removes the second step of the goodwill impairment test that requires a hypothetical purchase price allocation. A goodwill impairment will now be the amount by which a reporting unit&#x2019;s carrying value exceeds its fair value
 not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. This guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2019. The Company adopted ASU 2017-04 on July 1
 2020
 and the adoption of this standard did not have an impact on the Company&#x2019;s consolidated financial statements.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;In August 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-13

 which modifies the disclosure requirements for fair value measurement by removing
 modifying or adding certain disclosures. The new guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2019
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted ASU 2018-13 on July 1
 2020
 and the adoption of this standard did not have an impact on the Company&#x2019;s consolidated financial statements.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;In August 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-15


 which aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. The amended guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2019
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted ASU 2018-15 on July 1
 2020

 the FASB issued ASU 2019-12

 which simplifies various aspects related to accounting for income taxes and eliminates certain exceptions related to the approach for intraperiod tax allocation
 the methodology for calculating taxes during the quarters and the recognition of deferred tax liabilities for outside basis differences. The new guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2021
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently assessing the impact that this standard will have on its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;In March 2020
 the FASB issued ASU 2020-04

 which provides temporary optional expedients and exceptions for applying generally accepted accounting principles to contracts
 hedging relationships and other transactions affected by reference rate reform. ASU 2020-04 is currently effective and upon adoption may be applied prospectively to contract modifications made on or before December 31
 2022. In January 2021
 the FASB issued ASU 2021-01

 which clarifies certain provisions in Topic 848
 if elected by an entity
 to apply to derivative instruments that use an interest rate for margining
 discounting
 or contract price alignment that is modified as a result of reference rate reform. The Company is currently assessing the impact that these standards will have on its consolidated financial statements.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;In October 2020
 the FASB issued ASU 2020-10

 cross referencing to other guidance
 and refining or correcting terminology. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15


      contextRef=ifbbc05271fd14f7a9326736e293d5b67_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xMzkvZnJhZzpmNGQ3ZjRmNWYzYzE0OGQ5YmRhMWRhZjAzOTcyY2M4NS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmY0ZDdmNGY1ZjNjMTQ4ZDliZGExZGFmMDM5NzJjYzg1XzMyOTg1MzQ5NDA5Njg_ace6b033-4b34-4e47-bf27-a38bae8a6a0f


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 2018
 the Company entered into a CEO succession plan
 whereby the Company&#x2019;s former CEO
 Irwin D. Simon
 agreed to terminate his employment with the Company upon the hiring of a new CEO (the &#x201c;Succession Agreement&#x201d;). The Succession Agreement provided Mr. Simon with a cash separation payment of $34
295 payable in a single lump sum and cash benefits continuation costs of $208. These costs were recognized from June 24
 2018 through November 4
 2018
 at which time the Company&#x2019;s new CEO
 Mark L. Schiller
 commenced his employment. Expense recognized in connection with these payments was $33
051 during the twelve months ended June 30
 2019. The cash separation payment was paid on May 6
 2019. Additionally
 the Succession Agreement allowed for acceleration of vesting of all service-based awards outstanding at the termination of Mr. Simon&#x2019;s employment. In connection with these accelerations
 the Company recognized additional stock-based compensation expense of $429 ratably through November 4
 2018. The aforementioned impacts were recorded in Former Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
 net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;During the three months ended September 30
 2018
 the Company&#x2019;s Compensation Committee determined that no awards would be paid or vested pursuant to the 2016-2018 LTIP. Acco&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;rdingly
 the Company recorded a benefit of $5
065 associated with the reversal of previously accrued amounts under the net sales portion of the 2016-2018 LTIP associated with Mr. Simon&#x2019;s stock awards during the twelve months ended June 30
 2019.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;On October 26
 2018
 the Company and Mr. Simon entered into a consulting agreement (the &#x201c;Consulting Agreement&#x201d;) in order to
 among other things
 assist Mr. Schiller with his transition as the Company&#x2019;s incoming CEO. The term of the Consulting Agreement commenced on November 5
 2018 and continued until February 5
 2019. Mr. Simon received an aggregate consulting fee of $975 as compensation for his services during the consulting term
 which was fully recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Operations as a component of Former Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
 net in the twelve months ended June 30


      contextRef=ia0e1b7c93d14426ebedcafc19be696ca_D20180624-20181104
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMjc2L2ZyYWc6MjIzYTZiMzAwNWE1NDc1M2I2MzE0MTE0ZGJkNmQyNzkvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjoyMjNhNmIzMDA1YTU0NzUzYjYzMTQxMTRkYmQ2ZDI3OV8zMjk4NTM0ODg1Nzkx_98044b1e-db4c-4013-a6fd-9b2b3b1d0b1e


      contextRef=ia0e1b7c93d14426ebedcafc19be696ca_D20180624-20181104
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMjc2L2ZyYWc6MjIzYTZiMzAwNWE1NDc1M2I2MzE0MTE0ZGJkNmQyNzkvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjoyMjNhNmIzMDA1YTU0NzUzYjYzMTQxMTRkYmQ2ZDI3OV8zMjk4NTM0ODg1ODAy_e8caa16e-0eec-4d76-a7f7-03b0331ede82


      contextRef=i70b9638961f74e1ca7b1e94f7f2fae2e_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMjc2L2ZyYWc6MjIzYTZiMzAwNWE1NDc1M2I2MzE0MTE0ZGJkNmQyNzkvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjoyMjNhNmIzMDA1YTU0NzUzYjYzMTQxMTRkYmQ2ZDI3OV8xMDk5NTExNjI4Mzc1_8feae6a4-e347-44de-9211-cb04027f515c


      contextRef=i7684c516b8614f158c43cb7d631b82ce_D20180624-20181104
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMjc2L2ZyYWc6MjIzYTZiMzAwNWE1NDc1M2I2MzE0MTE0ZGJkNmQyNzkvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjoyMjNhNmIzMDA1YTU0NzUzYjYzMTQxMTRkYmQ2ZDI3OV8xMDk5NTExNjI4Nzg5_26ce8c7f-d653-4528-aa55-bd5351258f1e


      contextRef=i753f5ee15364452fb8fedf4a8565390c_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMjc2L2ZyYWc6MjIzYTZiMzAwNWE1NDc1M2I2MzE0MTE0ZGJkNmQyNzkvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjoyMjNhNmIzMDA1YTU0NzUzYjYzMTQxMTRkYmQ2ZDI3OV8zMjk4NTM0ODg1ODEw_6b46f4e3-f32d-41cd-863b-af4f7111fef7


      contextRef=i1cd00fbe00194544932288bb3cf89c7f_D20181105-20190205
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMjc2L2ZyYWc6MjIzYTZiMzAwNWE1NDc1M2I2MzE0MTE0ZGJkNmQyNzkvdGV4dHJlZ2lvbjoyMjNhNmIzMDA1YTU0NzUzYjYzMTQxMTRkYmQ2ZDI3OV8zMjk4NTM0ODg1ODIw_8f9c634f-f08b-48c8-8ef7-23243e6fba1f


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630




427)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#160;&#160;&#160;Net income (loss) from discontinued operations







235&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;103
618&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;104
076&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#160;&#160;&#160;Effect of dilutive stock options


322&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;103
937&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;104

 unvested restricted stock and unvested restricted share units. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Due to our net loss from continuing operations in the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2019
 all common stock equivalents such as stock options and unvested restricted stock awards have been excluded from the computation of diluted net loss per share because the effect would have been anti-dilutive. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Diluted earnings per share for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30

 428 and 769 restricted stock awards and stock options excluded from our calculation of diluted net income (loss) per share for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2021
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 as such awards were anti-dilutive.  Additionally
 there were &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;721&lt;/span&gt;
 2
645 and 3
625 stock-based awards excluded for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2021
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 as such awards were contingently issuable based on market or performance conditions


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630




427)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#160;&#160;&#160;Net income (loss) from discontinued operations







235&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;103
618&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;104
076&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:9pt;text-indent:-9pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&#160;&#160;&#160;Effect of dilutive stock options


322&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;103
937&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;104


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzMtMS0xLTEtMA_1fcd1288-13ab-4c1b-bcbe-7abe467bc341


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzMtMy0xLTEtMA_87695952-192c-4aa4-8907-254846b865fd


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzMtNS0xLTEtMA_6c44ca2c-7888-45d3-88d7-0f589b276a23


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzQtMS0xLTEtMA_0d73bc2c-3948-479f-9369-3dd88734c9af


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzQtMy0xLTEtMA_9954ed73-5f6c-455c-9857-e4760c20273c


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzQtNS0xLTEtMA_8f9ba266-efd9-45fe-abf0-a1dfd075d378


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzUtMS0xLTEtMA_60e75e90-f713-47ca-bb58-70d195133c1d


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzUtMy0xLTEtMA_d4a8bc8a-1a66-42ec-9bf3-9cb90b55989d


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzUtNS0xLTEtMA_6fba21c0-9c59-4839-bc83-5d29e624ebfd


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzgtMS0xLTEtMA_50b8e1b6-ce73-47f1-a3f2-c6d34b92b4af


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzgtMy0xLTEtMA_836c9eac-0c00-4326-b486-4d89b751f5c2


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzgtNS0xLTEtMA_68e98354-68a8-489e-86dc-b035c583f7d8


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzktMS0xLTEtMA_711abe1b-0ac3-4a4c-b38b-73bd139d61d0


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzktMy0xLTEtMA_a0c3ab44-2a07-4682-ac09-09182cd4d9b0


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzktNS0xLTEtMA_c82fa672-44be-46c2-9de9-3f7949a6e468


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzEwLTEtMS0xLTA_9bd0fadc-1895-4b0b-9b18-9260e0709988


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzEwLTMtMS0xLTA_af1a3f49-46d0-4df5-b50f-ef9788c7e94f


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzEwLTUtMS0xLTA_76aaf4fa-cf63-4cc5-af28-0716e506b735


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzEzLTEtMS0xLTA_4629e126-7759-4f43-b5a9-4f9830222bc1


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzEzLTMtMS0xLTA_d5e7e0ce-0ab0-440c-b122-9b9b4f8a0237


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzEzLTUtMS0xLTA_f3ac3d10-f582-4347-ad5a-dfe5a0463629


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzE0LTEtMS0xLTA_3cdbf231-e05f-4090-9761-bc7f4230ccc3


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzE0LTMtMS0xLTA_0d38d55d-8cb2-4e6c-9085-47431f05feb4


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzE0LTUtMS0xLTA_d13d47de-d1e1-466e-9bbf-832e95085121


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzE1LTEtMS0xLTA_0e5a2ed4-76c2-4a2c-80bc-f81b52fc4aa4


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzE1LTMtMS0xLTA_9be49c09-bee9-43d5-b5d3-ce448ef82bf2


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzE1LTUtMS0xLTA_4d7922e4-657c-4723-a529-81672de6c947


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzE4LTEtMS0xLTA_2c394a03-12b1-4c3a-880b-99e278c50eef


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzE4LTMtMS0xLTA_93acb912-d734-4a31-98cf-6255f0e0961b


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzE4LTUtMS0xLTA_5df95c00-4edb-4f8d-8192-4e11d737fedd


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzE5LTEtMS0xLTA_ed3704b2-f305-4643-abc5-d35cbd65360e


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzE5LTMtMS0xLTA_a0862de1-f5e3-4e42-96e8-db1100e98127


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzE5LTUtMS0xLTA_177b8f40-a40b-4b80-85cf-cb31c083225f


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzIwLTEtMS0xLTA_a908721d-90c0-4412-a8e0-06e135affe4a


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzIwLTMtMS0xLTA_426d6407-e7b7-4c36-afdc-d3f244315c58


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90YWJsZTpkMDVjZTZiMTY1Y2I0ODAxOTBkZjU5ZTE2N2U5ZjdkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQwNWNlNmIxNjVjYjQ4MDE5MGRmNTllMTY3ZTlmN2Q1XzIwLTUtMS0xLTA_4bf3962b-1edb-49a2-a51e-a968d6dcdb27


      contextRef=id425817e9c6c42fca526edbcd39d5b7c_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjI5ZmYwNTYwMGVlNDQ1MjlhYmY4ZTE2ZWY5MmYyZDcwXzk3OQ_41bc59ee-a2b8-4048-8795-732904d90648


      contextRef=i212381b15c2949269923434896c4dd14_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjI5ZmYwNTYwMGVlNDQ1MjlhYmY4ZTE2ZWY5MmYyZDcwXzEwOTk1MTE2Mjk0OTQ_230256d5-ea0c-4f2a-a55c-471b995c4312


      contextRef=i2c6e3f38eaa6453cafed33437e414cc9_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjI5ZmYwNTYwMGVlNDQ1MjlhYmY4ZTE2ZWY5MmYyZDcwXzEwOTk1MTE2Mjk0OTg_0078e986-a29f-4dbd-847f-b83bb478263c


      contextRef=i2abfd0f160c54f119a8403b51c21818f_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjI5ZmYwNTYwMGVlNDQ1MjlhYmY4ZTE2ZWY5MmYyZDcwXzEyMjE_dafa826a-de98-4985-833b-998bc72ee8bc


      contextRef=ia83ba42b13864b1695cbe319560ef714_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjI5ZmYwNTYwMGVlNDQ1MjlhYmY4ZTE2ZWY5MmYyZDcwXzEwOTk1MTE2Mjk0ODA_f827918a-7260-443d-9519-a695b6722092


      contextRef=i40507e7deb4142508ba70308f13771ef_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNDgvZnJhZzoyOWZmMDU2MDBlZTQ0NTI5YWJmOGUxNmVmOTJmMmQ3MC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjI5ZmYwNTYwMGVlNDQ1MjlhYmY4ZTE2ZWY5MmYyZDcwXzEwOTk1MTE2Mjk0ODQ_0afcd47d-eb59-4162-b0a1-ce5590aa7616


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 2021
 the Company completed the divestiture of its crispbread crackers business

 the assets and liabilities of GG consisted of the following:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:69.444%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:78.057%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:19.743%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;June 28

056&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Property
 plant and equipment






 2021
 recognizing a pre-tax loss on sale of $3

 2021
 the Company completed the divestiture of its North America non-dairy beverages business

 for total cash consideration of $33
000
 subject to customary post-closing adjustments. The final purchase price was $31
320. The non-dairy beverage business was considered to be non-core within our broader North American business
 and the sale aligns with the Company&#x2019;s portfolio simplification process. The business operated out of the United States and Canada and was part of the Company&#x2019;s North America reportable segment. At closing
 there were no liabilities.  Assets consisted of the following:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:69.444%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:78.057%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:19.743%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;April 15


429&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Other intangible assets
 net&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;7


 2021
 recognizing a pre-tax gain on sale of $7

 the Company's Board of Directors approved a plan to sell its prepared fresh fruit
 fresh fruit drinks and fresh fruit desserts division (Fruit)

 and had limited synergies
 with the rest of the Company's businesses. The sale was completed on January 13
 2021 for total cash consideration of $38

 comprising 3.8% and 8.0% of the Company's net sales during the twelve months ended June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020
 respectively. The Company determined that the held for sale criteria was m&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;et and classified the assets and liabilities of the Fruit business as held for sale as of September 30 and December 31
 2020
 recognizing a pre-tax non-cash loss to reduce the carrying value to its estimated fair value
 less costs to sell of $56
093 during the six months ended December 31
 2020. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;At the closing date
 the assets and liabilities of the Fruit business consisted of the following: &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:69.444%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:78.057%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:19.743%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;January 13

559&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Accounts receivable
 less allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;14


728&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 net&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;25

362&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Other intangible assets
 net&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;36










 2021
 recognizing a pre-tax loss on sale of $1

 2020 for the sale of its Danival business
 a component of the International reportable segment
 and the transaction closed on July 21
 2020. As of June 30
 2020
 the Company determined the held for sale criteria was met
 resulting in assets held for sale of $8
334 and related liabilities held for sale of $3
567 being included in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet as of June 30
 2020. These assets and liabilities were previously presented within Prepaid and other current assets and Accrued expenses and other liabilities
 respectively
 in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30
 2020 and have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation. The Company deconsolidated the net assets of the Danival business upon the closing of the sale during the twelve months ended June&#160;30
 2021
 recognizing a pre-tax gain on sale of $611.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Additionally
 the Company recognized a pre-tax gain of $131 relating to a previous disposition during the twelve months ended June&#160;30

 2019
 the Company sold the entities comprising its Tilda operating segment (the &#x201c;Tilda Group Entities&#x201d;) and certain other assets of the Tilda business to Ebro Foods S.A. (the &#x201c;Purchaser&#x201d;) for an aggregate price of $342
000 in cash
 subject to customary post-closing adjustments based on the balance sheets of the Tilda business. The other assets sold in the transaction consisted of raw materials
 consumables
 packaging
 and finished and unfinished goods related to the Tilda business held by other Company entities that are not Tilda Group Entities. In January 2020
 the Company and the Purchaser agreed to fully resolve all matters relating to post-closing adjustments to the sale price
 resulting in a final aggregate sale price of $341
800. The Company used the proceeds from the sale to pay down the remaining outstanding borrowings under its term loan and a portion of its revolving credit facility.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The Company also entered into certain ancillary agreements with the Purchaser and certain of the Tilda Group Entities in connection with the sale
 including a transitional services agreement (the TSA) pursuant to which the Company and the Purchaser provided transitional services to one another
 and business transfer agreements pursuant to which the applicable Tilda Group Entities would transfer certain non-Tilda assets and liabilities in India and the United Arab Emirates to subsidiaries of the Company to be formed in those countries. Additionally
 the Company distributed certain Tilda products in the United States

 net of tax in our Consolidated Statements of Operations:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.707%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:53.445%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.562%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.533%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.562%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.533%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.565%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Fiscal Year Ended June 30



648&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;151

751&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;46
716&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Selling

185&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;26

172&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2

432&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;13



772)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;4

320)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;12





 the Company reclassified $95
120 of related cumulative translation losses from Ac&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;cumulated other comprehensive loss to discontinued operations
 net of tax.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;(3) Includes $11
320 of tax benefit related to the legal entity reorganization for the twelve months ended June&#160;30
 2021
 as well as a tax provision related to the tax gain on the sale of Tilda of $13
960 for the twelve months ended June 30
 2020.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;There were no assets or liabilities from discontinued operations associated with Tilda  as of June&#160;30
 2021 and June&#160;30

 the Company&#x2019;s Board of Directors approved a plan to sell all of the operations of the Hain Pure Protein Corporation (&#x201c;HPPC&#x201d;) operating segment
 which included the Plainville Farms and FreeBird businesses
 and the EK Holdings
 Inc. (&#x201c;Empire Kosher&#x201d; or &#x201c;Empire&#x201d;) operating segment
 which were reported in the aggregate as the Hain Pure Protein reportable segment.  Collectively

252 in fiscal year 2019
 to adjust the carrying value of Hain Pure Protein and Empire Kosher to its fair value
 less its cost to sell
 which is reflected in net (loss) income from discontinued operations
 net of taxes. The reserve was recorded due to negative market conditions in the sector

 2019
 the Company completed the sale of substantially all of the assets used primarily for Plainville (a component of HPPC)
 which included $25
000 in cash to the purchaser
 for a nominal purchase price. In addition
 the purchaser assumed the current liabilities of Plainville as of the closing date. As a condition to consummating the sale
 the Company entered into a Contingent Funding and Earnout Agreement
 which provides for the issuance by the Company of an irrevocable stand-by letter of credit (the &#x201c;Letter of Credit&#x201d;) of $10
000 which was drawn down by the buyer immediately. The Company is entitled to receive an earnout not to exceed
 in the aggregate
 120% of the maximum amount that the purchaser draws on the Letter of Credit at any point from the date of issuance through the expiration of the Letter of Credit. Earnout payments are based on a specified percentage of annual free cash flow achieved for all fiscal years ending on or prior to June 30
 2026. If a subsequent change in control of Plainville occurs prior to June 30
 2026
 the purchaser will pay the Company 120% of the difference between the amount drawn on the Letter of Credit less the sum of all earnout payments made prior to such time up to the net proceeds received by t&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;he purchaser. At June&#160;30
 2021
 the Company had not recorded an asset associated with the earnout. As a result of the dispositio&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;n
 the Company recognized a pre-tax loss on sale of $40
223
 or $29
685 net of tax
 in the twelve months ended June&#160;30
 2019 to write down the assets and liabilities to the final sales price less costs to sell

 2019
 the Company completed the sale of the remainder of HPPC and EK Holdings

 net of customary adjustments based on the closing balance sheet of HPPC
 was $77
714. The Company used the proceeds from the sale to pay down outstanding borrowings under its term loan. As a result of the disposition
 the Company recognized a pre-tax loss of $636 in the twelve months ended June&#160;30
 2019 to write down the assets and liabilities to the final sales price less costs to sell.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The following table presents the major classes of Hain Pure Protein&#x2019;s line items constituting the Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
 net of tax in our Consolidated Statements of Operations: &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.853%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:53.512%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.541%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.532%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.541%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.532%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.542%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Fiscal Year Ended June 30




252&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Selling



043&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;40

043)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(176

538)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Net loss from discontinued operations


369)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;There were no assets or liabilities from discontinued operations associated with Hain Pure Protein as of June&#160;30


      contextRef=i8a95a9a296624517b6d7112db4791e0e_I20210628
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllNWM4OGUxNTE0ZTQzMDFiODlmYTZmODVhN2I4MjViXzU0OTc1NTgxNTM2MTE_c39b04d2-c83c-40f3-9e1b-f2836560dcd6


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 the assets and liabilities of GG consisted of the following:&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:69.444%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:78.057%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:19.743%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;June 28

056&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Property
 plant and equipment








429&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Other intangible assets
 net&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;7


 the assets and liabilities of the Fruit business consisted of the following: &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:69.444%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:78.057%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:19.743%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;January 13

559&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Accounts receivable
 less allowance for doubtful accounts&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;14


728&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 net&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;25

362&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Other intangible assets
 net&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;36










 net of tax in our Consolidated Statements of Operations:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.707%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:53.445%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.562%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.533%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.562%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.533%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.565%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Fiscal Year Ended June 30



648&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;151

751&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;46
716&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Selling

185&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;26

172&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2

432&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;13



772)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;4

320)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;12





 the Company reclassified $95
120 of related cumulative translation losses from Ac&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;cumulated other comprehensive loss to discontinued operations
 net of tax.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;(3) Includes $11
320 of tax benefit related to the legal entity reorganization for the twelve months ended June&#160;30
 2021
 as well as a tax provision related to the tax gain on the sale of Tilda of $13
960 for the twelve months ended June 30
 2020.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The following table presents the major classes of Hain Pure Protein&#x2019;s line items constituting the Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
 net of tax in our Consolidated Statements of Operations: &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.853%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:53.512%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.541%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.532%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.541%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.532%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:13.542%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Fiscal Year Ended June 30




252&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Selling



043&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;40

043)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(176

538)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Net loss from discontinued operations




      contextRef=i8a95a9a296624517b6d7112db4791e0e_I20210628
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTpkM2M0OWZkYWY5NTc0NTEwOGQ4ZmNjZTIyNjE1ZDk0My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQzYzQ5ZmRhZjk1NzQ1MTA4ZDhmY2NlMjI2MTVkOTQzXzUtMS0xLTEtNjUwNA_2062ff90-2db3-4298-89ef-7e7c9e6edd86


      contextRef=i8a95a9a296624517b6d7112db4791e0e_I20210628
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTpkM2M0OWZkYWY5NTc0NTEwOGQ4ZmNjZTIyNjE1ZDk0My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQzYzQ5ZmRhZjk1NzQ1MTA4ZDhmY2NlMjI2MTVkOTQzXzctMS0xLTEtNjUwNw_c9633328-d6ed-4931-a092-958ceb4bf49e


      contextRef=i8a95a9a296624517b6d7112db4791e0e_I20210628
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTpkM2M0OWZkYWY5NTc0NTEwOGQ4ZmNjZTIyNjE1ZDk0My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQzYzQ5ZmRhZjk1NzQ1MTA4ZDhmY2NlMjI2MTVkOTQzXzktMS0xLTEtNjUxMA_f4ff303c-9ba0-41ef-875c-83a729a9dc9b


      contextRef=i8a95a9a296624517b6d7112db4791e0e_I20210628
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTpkM2M0OWZkYWY5NTc0NTEwOGQ4ZmNjZTIyNjE1ZDk0My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQzYzQ5ZmRhZjk1NzQ1MTA4ZDhmY2NlMjI2MTVkOTQzXzktMS0xLTEtNjUxNQ_8518f8dd-1ee0-49cc-9e00-cef05bde5b2b


      contextRef=i8a95a9a296624517b6d7112db4791e0e_I20210628
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTpkM2M0OWZkYWY5NTc0NTEwOGQ4ZmNjZTIyNjE1ZDk0My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQzYzQ5ZmRhZjk1NzQ1MTA4ZDhmY2NlMjI2MTVkOTQzXzktMS0xLTEtNjUyMA_68d9bf7f-583e-4425-9b93-a09712dc64b8


      contextRef=i8a95a9a296624517b6d7112db4791e0e_I20210628
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTpkM2M0OWZkYWY5NTc0NTEwOGQ4ZmNjZTIyNjE1ZDk0My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQzYzQ5ZmRhZjk1NzQ1MTA4ZDhmY2NlMjI2MTVkOTQzXzEwLTEtMS0xLTk0MDE_106c1af6-5d44-4477-bfef-66dacc955236


      contextRef=i8a95a9a296624517b6d7112db4791e0e_I20210628
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTpkM2M0OWZkYWY5NTc0NTEwOGQ4ZmNjZTIyNjE1ZDk0My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQzYzQ5ZmRhZjk1NzQ1MTA4ZDhmY2NlMjI2MTVkOTQzXzEyLTEtMS0xLTY1MjM_6886672f-02a3-4686-85f8-82d3a8cbf1ed


      contextRef=i8a95a9a296624517b6d7112db4791e0e_I20210628
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTpkM2M0OWZkYWY5NTc0NTEwOGQ4ZmNjZTIyNjE1ZDk0My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQzYzQ5ZmRhZjk1NzQ1MTA4ZDhmY2NlMjI2MTVkOTQzXzEzLTEtMS0xLTY1Mjg_c49128fa-0abb-477e-b445-f4fc44d3e8a0


      contextRef=i8a95a9a296624517b6d7112db4791e0e_I20210628
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTpkM2M0OWZkYWY5NTc0NTEwOGQ4ZmNjZTIyNjE1ZDk0My90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmQzYzQ5ZmRhZjk1NzQ1MTA4ZDhmY2NlMjI2MTVkOTQzXzE0LTEtMS0xLTk0MDM_9c7e4c2b-b2c9-4b80-be3f-760824f0eabd


      contextRef=i188a709f09c940fc87d04796b13e3392_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllNWM4OGUxNTE0ZTQzMDFiODlmYTZmODVhN2I4MjViXzU0OTc1NTgxNTUwMjU_e5aba8df-d05f-4b0c-a262-9af4a6549ba5


      contextRef=ief2a6dd610d74fb2b666d4897f524316_I20210415
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllNWM4OGUxNTE0ZTQzMDFiODlmYTZmODVhN2I4MjViXzU0OTc1NTgxNTUxMTc_09396ac3-cb7a-4f29-9aec-d669b74885b1


      contextRef=ief2a6dd610d74fb2b666d4897f524316_I20210415
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllNWM4OGUxNTE0ZTQzMDFiODlmYTZmODVhN2I4MjViXzU0OTc1NTgxNTU1NzI_700b09d2-1336-416c-bb85-dafb7a30e386


      contextRef=ief2a6dd610d74fb2b666d4897f524316_I20210415
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTpkY2JiM2RlNjgwNjQ0MWQyYWE2NDQwZDc1YjVlZDQxMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmRjYmIzZGU2ODA2NDQxZDJhYTY0NDBkNzViNWVkNDExXzUtMS0xLTEtNjcxNQ_36f51810-dea3-4f46-81ba-88de916f9d18


      contextRef=ief2a6dd610d74fb2b666d4897f524316_I20210415
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTpkY2JiM2RlNjgwNjQ0MWQyYWE2NDQwZDc1YjVlZDQxMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmRjYmIzZGU2ODA2NDQxZDJhYTY0NDBkNzViNWVkNDExXzYtMS0xLTEtNjcyMQ_25bfe841-424b-4bb0-a1d3-cff4a11d3283


      contextRef=ief2a6dd610d74fb2b666d4897f524316_I20210415
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTpkY2JiM2RlNjgwNjQ0MWQyYWE2NDQwZDc1YjVlZDQxMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmRjYmIzZGU2ODA2NDQxZDJhYTY0NDBkNzViNWVkNDExXzctMS0xLTEtNjcyNQ_3210bed6-c7c1-43c7-8c9e-ce25b86f7244


      contextRef=ief2a6dd610d74fb2b666d4897f524316_I20210415
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTpkY2JiM2RlNjgwNjQ0MWQyYWE2NDQwZDc1YjVlZDQxMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmRjYmIzZGU2ODA2NDQxZDJhYTY0NDBkNzViNWVkNDExXzktMS0xLTEtNjcxOA_d9d9e615-fbe8-4520-8da0-44c0ac784fd3


      contextRef=ief2a6dd610d74fb2b666d4897f524316_I20210415
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTpkY2JiM2RlNjgwNjQ0MWQyYWE2NDQwZDc1YjVlZDQxMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmRjYmIzZGU2ODA2NDQxZDJhYTY0NDBkNzViNWVkNDExXzEwLTEtMS0xLTk0MDc_65e52f2e-c40e-4be3-af2f-aa656c485415


      contextRef=ia39dfc96429244e589795824e81f58b9_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllNWM4OGUxNTE0ZTQzMDFiODlmYTZmODVhN2I4MjViXzU0OTc1NTgxNTc0Njc_26f628f8-1908-48e2-a8ab-e661ad87f2bd


      contextRef=icf09366575c44fa8975ccb698b357118_I20210113
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllNWM4OGUxNTE0ZTQzMDFiODlmYTZmODVhN2I4MjViXzEwOTk1MTE2Mzk3OTM_13879f27-779e-435d-994b-4946e96531f2


      contextRef=iae584c25c7c540f198d2752a9612548b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllNWM4OGUxNTE0ZTQzMDFiODlmYTZmODVhN2I4MjViXzEwOTk1MTE2Mzk4MjE_4b7cfc25-3098-4daf-bee1-55355b87f190


      contextRef=i93b028c9f8c84feb842bd338b9c58163_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllNWM4OGUxNTE0ZTQzMDFiODlmYTZmODVhN2I4MjViXzEwOTk1MTE2Mzk4MjU_d3cefbea-726d-4671-b1dd-c1bd7c76c6fc


      contextRef=i6880687829244ff19d663e74294aa5f6_D20200701-20201231
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllNWM4OGUxNTE0ZTQzMDFiODlmYTZmODVhN2I4MjViXzEwOTk1MTE2Mzk5MDg_cca5ae13-fefa-4486-b819-3a3e198224e7


      contextRef=icf09366575c44fa8975ccb698b357118_I20210113
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo0YTczNWM2YjBkZjU0OWZlYWY1OTFiOTE4ZTVjZDQyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNzM1YzZiMGRmNTQ5ZmVhZjU5MWI5MThlNWNkNDIxXzMtMS0xLTEtMjc4Nw_8d9335ee-a82c-4fc2-8cb2-b469f1a62848


      contextRef=icf09366575c44fa8975ccb698b357118_I20210113
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo0YTczNWM2YjBkZjU0OWZlYWY1OTFiOTE4ZTVjZDQyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNzM1YzZiMGRmNTQ5ZmVhZjU5MWI5MThlNWNkNDIxXzQtMS0xLTEtMjc4Nw_58baf506-1ab3-4a3f-9b56-4ada25a337b3


      contextRef=icf09366575c44fa8975ccb698b357118_I20210113
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo0YTczNWM2YjBkZjU0OWZlYWY1OTFiOTE4ZTVjZDQyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNzM1YzZiMGRmNTQ5ZmVhZjU5MWI5MThlNWNkNDIxXzUtMS0xLTEtMjc4Nw_a4491f46-51b3-48b9-bf2e-bf9b701f078e


      contextRef=icf09366575c44fa8975ccb698b357118_I20210113
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo0YTczNWM2YjBkZjU0OWZlYWY1OTFiOTE4ZTVjZDQyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNzM1YzZiMGRmNTQ5ZmVhZjU5MWI5MThlNWNkNDIxXzYtMS0xLTEtMjc4Nw_1c8e462d-7385-41c8-9995-c5f5e2dbf4a6


      contextRef=icf09366575c44fa8975ccb698b357118_I20210113
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo0YTczNWM2YjBkZjU0OWZlYWY1OTFiOTE4ZTVjZDQyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNzM1YzZiMGRmNTQ5ZmVhZjU5MWI5MThlNWNkNDIxXzctMS0xLTEtMjc4Nw_1ad23669-f614-43c6-a320-e9ea767c010d


      contextRef=icf09366575c44fa8975ccb698b357118_I20210113
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo0YTczNWM2YjBkZjU0OWZlYWY1OTFiOTE4ZTVjZDQyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNzM1YzZiMGRmNTQ5ZmVhZjU5MWI5MThlNWNkNDIxXzgtMS0xLTEtMjc4Nw_1608337c-09b1-4eca-a85d-7a44bcb5a097


      contextRef=icf09366575c44fa8975ccb698b357118_I20210113
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo0YTczNWM2YjBkZjU0OWZlYWY1OTFiOTE4ZTVjZDQyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNzM1YzZiMGRmNTQ5ZmVhZjU5MWI5MThlNWNkNDIxXzktMS0xLTEtMjc4Nw_281571a8-461f-42c7-b298-456ed226bd48


      contextRef=icf09366575c44fa8975ccb698b357118_I20210113
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo0YTczNWM2YjBkZjU0OWZlYWY1OTFiOTE4ZTVjZDQyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNzM1YzZiMGRmNTQ5ZmVhZjU5MWI5MThlNWNkNDIxXzEwLTEtMS0xLTI3ODc_74e36fea-323d-4da9-882e-318c013b140f


      contextRef=icf09366575c44fa8975ccb698b357118_I20210113
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo0YTczNWM2YjBkZjU0OWZlYWY1OTFiOTE4ZTVjZDQyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNzM1YzZiMGRmNTQ5ZmVhZjU5MWI5MThlNWNkNDIxXzExLTEtMS0xLTI3ODc_1a6a148b-f5ea-4f3b-9a8e-6ef3eccfd353


      contextRef=icf09366575c44fa8975ccb698b357118_I20210113
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo0YTczNWM2YjBkZjU0OWZlYWY1OTFiOTE4ZTVjZDQyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNzM1YzZiMGRmNTQ5ZmVhZjU5MWI5MThlNWNkNDIxXzEyLTEtMS0xLTQwMDI_136ff5a7-9175-4dd0-ad43-99fdb72e9d40


      contextRef=icf09366575c44fa8975ccb698b357118_I20210113
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo0YTczNWM2YjBkZjU0OWZlYWY1OTFiOTE4ZTVjZDQyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNzM1YzZiMGRmNTQ5ZmVhZjU5MWI5MThlNWNkNDIxXzE0LTEtMS0xLTI3ODc_24d40569-7486-4166-bc57-09b96be423db


      contextRef=icf09366575c44fa8975ccb698b357118_I20210113
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo0YTczNWM2YjBkZjU0OWZlYWY1OTFiOTE4ZTVjZDQyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNzM1YzZiMGRmNTQ5ZmVhZjU5MWI5MThlNWNkNDIxXzE1LTEtMS0xLTI3ODc_673c5183-2eef-48e1-97df-d5aeed96ed23


      contextRef=icf09366575c44fa8975ccb698b357118_I20210113
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo0YTczNWM2YjBkZjU0OWZlYWY1OTFiOTE4ZTVjZDQyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNzM1YzZiMGRmNTQ5ZmVhZjU5MWI5MThlNWNkNDIxXzE2LTEtMS0xLTI3ODc_c521e65c-f4af-4480-ba99-736c6bbfe634


      contextRef=icf09366575c44fa8975ccb698b357118_I20210113
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo0YTczNWM2YjBkZjU0OWZlYWY1OTFiOTE4ZTVjZDQyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNzM1YzZiMGRmNTQ5ZmVhZjU5MWI5MThlNWNkNDIxXzE3LTEtMS0xLTI3ODc_ede7243a-b71c-4dbd-afc7-86e086169463


      contextRef=icf09366575c44fa8975ccb698b357118_I20210113
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo0YTczNWM2YjBkZjU0OWZlYWY1OTFiOTE4ZTVjZDQyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNzM1YzZiMGRmNTQ5ZmVhZjU5MWI5MThlNWNkNDIxXzE4LTEtMS0xLTI3ODc_aaccc841-ac46-4a0a-b022-6ad76a2d6a8f


      contextRef=icf09366575c44fa8975ccb698b357118_I20210113
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo0YTczNWM2YjBkZjU0OWZlYWY1OTFiOTE4ZTVjZDQyMS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRhNzM1YzZiMGRmNTQ5ZmVhZjU5MWI5MThlNWNkNDIxXzE5LTEtMS0xLTQwMDI_b73e8e3a-eddb-47c6-b6b2-25119b5bdd4d


      contextRef=i93baca192cbe4d32ab454bc4eba565bd_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllNWM4OGUxNTE0ZTQzMDFiODlmYTZmODVhN2I4MjViXzEwOTk1MTE2Mzk5MjI_2c479cdc-6c5e-4ad3-8e82-2d986bc40987


      contextRef=i4cc674e4842f4b4e979f9c3cddbd796e_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllNWM4OGUxNTE0ZTQzMDFiODlmYTZmODVhN2I4MjViXzEwOTk1MTE2NDg0NzA_9b4183ac-ef56-4f33-9189-74e156dc0933


      contextRef=i4cc674e4842f4b4e979f9c3cddbd796e_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllNWM4OGUxNTE0ZTQzMDFiODlmYTZmODVhN2I4MjViXzEwOTk1MTE2NDg0NzY_5c8b4102-97dc-46f7-be13-4354c4fda3d1


      contextRef=i5bc0451f66d7447b9537049eb3c32790_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllNWM4OGUxNTE0ZTQzMDFiODlmYTZmODVhN2I4MjViXzU0OTc1NTgxNTg3Mjc_34dcb241-84f0-4ba4-938a-e546802de128


      contextRef=i5bc0451f66d7447b9537049eb3c32790_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllNWM4OGUxNTE0ZTQzMDFiODlmYTZmODVhN2I4MjViXzU0OTc1NTgxNTc1Mzg_35c18541-4cb1-4cc5-826a-7ef92d5b5556


      contextRef=i2f2843f638e3464f8f98fe81ecf0ef06_D20190827-20190827
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllNWM4OGUxNTE0ZTQzMDFiODlmYTZmODVhN2I4MjViXzMxNw_422d0eb9-517c-4436-a444-4a46886e1193


      contextRef=i430ed226f7174173b92dd270d12fc957_D20200101-20200131
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllNWM4OGUxNTE0ZTQzMDFiODlmYTZmODVhN2I4MjViXzgzMw_1f25cef6-323c-4382-b792-37a186083322


      contextRef=i410d95f8d1e94c678a0757c68ca01e32_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo4NDQ2ZjBmMjdmZDg0OGZkODRjNGUxNGY5MjYyMWIyYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NDZmMGYyN2ZkODQ4ZmQ4NGM0ZTE0ZjkyNjIxYjJhXzItMS0xLTEtMA_74e35abb-55cf-4cde-9375-35d7bc80a9dc


      contextRef=i737042e75ceb4c0f8b90bef05b70be15_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo4NDQ2ZjBmMjdmZDg0OGZkODRjNGUxNGY5MjYyMWIyYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NDZmMGYyN2ZkODQ4ZmQ4NGM0ZTE0ZjkyNjIxYjJhXzItMy0xLTEtMA_8972abf6-8ddf-47cb-a1a5-7e6bddc40b04


      contextRef=i03fd46f2e0484a50b644065c3b159206_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo4NDQ2ZjBmMjdmZDg0OGZkODRjNGUxNGY5MjYyMWIyYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NDZmMGYyN2ZkODQ4ZmQ4NGM0ZTE0ZjkyNjIxYjJhXzItNS0xLTEtMA_1d97a207-a90c-4437-a5d6-b688adae08ae


      contextRef=i410d95f8d1e94c678a0757c68ca01e32_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo4NDQ2ZjBmMjdmZDg0OGZkODRjNGUxNGY5MjYyMWIyYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NDZmMGYyN2ZkODQ4ZmQ4NGM0ZTE0ZjkyNjIxYjJhXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_6999ccca-eafe-4c74-8a59-bb06ccca518b


      contextRef=i737042e75ceb4c0f8b90bef05b70be15_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo4NDQ2ZjBmMjdmZDg0OGZkODRjNGUxNGY5MjYyMWIyYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NDZmMGYyN2ZkODQ4ZmQ4NGM0ZTE0ZjkyNjIxYjJhXzMtMy0xLTEtMA_35c6c934-b572-441a-b3f1-48d3cfc2177a


      contextRef=i03fd46f2e0484a50b644065c3b159206_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo4NDQ2ZjBmMjdmZDg0OGZkODRjNGUxNGY5MjYyMWIyYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NDZmMGYyN2ZkODQ4ZmQ4NGM0ZTE0ZjkyNjIxYjJhXzMtNS0xLTEtMA_5bec6ae2-3cf9-4d98-bebe-4a54ba5c227f


      contextRef=i410d95f8d1e94c678a0757c68ca01e32_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo4NDQ2ZjBmMjdmZDg0OGZkODRjNGUxNGY5MjYyMWIyYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NDZmMGYyN2ZkODQ4ZmQ4NGM0ZTE0ZjkyNjIxYjJhXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_38421990-1b6c-4b4c-bb13-f56368d8d2f7


      contextRef=i737042e75ceb4c0f8b90bef05b70be15_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo4NDQ2ZjBmMjdmZDg0OGZkODRjNGUxNGY5MjYyMWIyYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NDZmMGYyN2ZkODQ4ZmQ4NGM0ZTE0ZjkyNjIxYjJhXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_e8d1e74d-e849-4baa-87fb-75fae46f1976


      contextRef=i03fd46f2e0484a50b644065c3b159206_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo4NDQ2ZjBmMjdmZDg0OGZkODRjNGUxNGY5MjYyMWIyYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NDZmMGYyN2ZkODQ4ZmQ4NGM0ZTE0ZjkyNjIxYjJhXzQtNS0xLTEtMA_51c26520-f08f-464d-9883-7380fd2ff3bc


      contextRef=i410d95f8d1e94c678a0757c68ca01e32_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo4NDQ2ZjBmMjdmZDg0OGZkODRjNGUxNGY5MjYyMWIyYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NDZmMGYyN2ZkODQ4ZmQ4NGM0ZTE0ZjkyNjIxYjJhXzYtMS0xLTEtMA_e7f0e1ad-cff7-4dcd-91a4-4881fa24c16e


      contextRef=i737042e75ceb4c0f8b90bef05b70be15_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo4NDQ2ZjBmMjdmZDg0OGZkODRjNGUxNGY5MjYyMWIyYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NDZmMGYyN2ZkODQ4ZmQ4NGM0ZTE0ZjkyNjIxYjJhXzYtMy0xLTEtMA_a9df1a53-0a74-4569-8338-572d781ecdc0


      contextRef=i03fd46f2e0484a50b644065c3b159206_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo4NDQ2ZjBmMjdmZDg0OGZkODRjNGUxNGY5MjYyMWIyYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NDZmMGYyN2ZkODQ4ZmQ4NGM0ZTE0ZjkyNjIxYjJhXzYtNS0xLTEtMA_dad05121-ac2e-45bd-943e-1995eb264ae2


      contextRef=i410d95f8d1e94c678a0757c68ca01e32_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo4NDQ2ZjBmMjdmZDg0OGZkODRjNGUxNGY5MjYyMWIyYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NDZmMGYyN2ZkODQ4ZmQ4NGM0ZTE0ZjkyNjIxYjJhXzctMS0xLTEtMA_41aad911-b70a-4e27-965c-2059b39f2738


      contextRef=i737042e75ceb4c0f8b90bef05b70be15_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo4NDQ2ZjBmMjdmZDg0OGZkODRjNGUxNGY5MjYyMWIyYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NDZmMGYyN2ZkODQ4ZmQ4NGM0ZTE0ZjkyNjIxYjJhXzctMy0xLTEtMA_5ef4a890-17c5-40c2-9eae-78dbce6128aa


      contextRef=i03fd46f2e0484a50b644065c3b159206_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo4NDQ2ZjBmMjdmZDg0OGZkODRjNGUxNGY5MjYyMWIyYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NDZmMGYyN2ZkODQ4ZmQ4NGM0ZTE0ZjkyNjIxYjJhXzctNS0xLTEtMA_c1e3a97d-db55-4185-a7ee-296ff9c752e3


      contextRef=i410d95f8d1e94c678a0757c68ca01e32_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo4NDQ2ZjBmMjdmZDg0OGZkODRjNGUxNGY5MjYyMWIyYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NDZmMGYyN2ZkODQ4ZmQ4NGM0ZTE0ZjkyNjIxYjJhXzgtMS0xLTEtMA_37747566-7f3e-4260-98d9-67a4d32c3f75


      contextRef=i737042e75ceb4c0f8b90bef05b70be15_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo4NDQ2ZjBmMjdmZDg0OGZkODRjNGUxNGY5MjYyMWIyYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NDZmMGYyN2ZkODQ4ZmQ4NGM0ZTE0ZjkyNjIxYjJhXzgtMy0xLTEtMA_fb0cba9f-fa00-4fe4-aacb-1d0e8336a48a


      contextRef=i03fd46f2e0484a50b644065c3b159206_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo4NDQ2ZjBmMjdmZDg0OGZkODRjNGUxNGY5MjYyMWIyYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NDZmMGYyN2ZkODQ4ZmQ4NGM0ZTE0ZjkyNjIxYjJhXzgtNS0xLTEtMA_02c20236-3bd6-4717-b782-f552efc1ee97


      contextRef=i410d95f8d1e94c678a0757c68ca01e32_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo4NDQ2ZjBmMjdmZDg0OGZkODRjNGUxNGY5MjYyMWIyYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NDZmMGYyN2ZkODQ4ZmQ4NGM0ZTE0ZjkyNjIxYjJhXzktMS0xLTEtMA_217ee05b-fecc-4fd8-9a83-d50de8479808


      contextRef=i737042e75ceb4c0f8b90bef05b70be15_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo4NDQ2ZjBmMjdmZDg0OGZkODRjNGUxNGY5MjYyMWIyYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NDZmMGYyN2ZkODQ4ZmQ4NGM0ZTE0ZjkyNjIxYjJhXzktMy0xLTEtMA_e9a23ba3-c1f5-44c4-917f-8eca55b64bae


      contextRef=i03fd46f2e0484a50b644065c3b159206_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo4NDQ2ZjBmMjdmZDg0OGZkODRjNGUxNGY5MjYyMWIyYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NDZmMGYyN2ZkODQ4ZmQ4NGM0ZTE0ZjkyNjIxYjJhXzktNS0xLTEtMA_2f3ff628-36d4-4af2-a251-f82e8e766fd8


      contextRef=i410d95f8d1e94c678a0757c68ca01e32_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo4NDQ2ZjBmMjdmZDg0OGZkODRjNGUxNGY5MjYyMWIyYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NDZmMGYyN2ZkODQ4ZmQ4NGM0ZTE0ZjkyNjIxYjJhXzEwLTEtMS0xLTA_572a402a-5a3f-4f4e-9b5a-e161dc7168d6


      contextRef=i737042e75ceb4c0f8b90bef05b70be15_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo4NDQ2ZjBmMjdmZDg0OGZkODRjNGUxNGY5MjYyMWIyYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NDZmMGYyN2ZkODQ4ZmQ4NGM0ZTE0ZjkyNjIxYjJhXzEwLTMtMS0xLTA_3cf21968-d8dc-408e-b3f0-85dd0e93acce


      contextRef=i03fd46f2e0484a50b644065c3b159206_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo4NDQ2ZjBmMjdmZDg0OGZkODRjNGUxNGY5MjYyMWIyYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NDZmMGYyN2ZkODQ4ZmQ4NGM0ZTE0ZjkyNjIxYjJhXzEwLTUtMS0xLTA_db8c35ab-d34b-455d-81a7-0e2e2891f553


      contextRef=i410d95f8d1e94c678a0757c68ca01e32_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo4NDQ2ZjBmMjdmZDg0OGZkODRjNGUxNGY5MjYyMWIyYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NDZmMGYyN2ZkODQ4ZmQ4NGM0ZTE0ZjkyNjIxYjJhXzExLTEtMS0xLTA_7846ad7c-7c19-4878-9746-7b68f941dbc9


      contextRef=i737042e75ceb4c0f8b90bef05b70be15_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo4NDQ2ZjBmMjdmZDg0OGZkODRjNGUxNGY5MjYyMWIyYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NDZmMGYyN2ZkODQ4ZmQ4NGM0ZTE0ZjkyNjIxYjJhXzExLTMtMS0xLTA_a7a773d5-a7b0-47ab-957a-70c6686e10ad


      contextRef=i03fd46f2e0484a50b644065c3b159206_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo4NDQ2ZjBmMjdmZDg0OGZkODRjNGUxNGY5MjYyMWIyYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NDZmMGYyN2ZkODQ4ZmQ4NGM0ZTE0ZjkyNjIxYjJhXzExLTUtMS0xLTA_d15c461c-c76f-49de-8267-292d2cd76387


      contextRef=i410d95f8d1e94c678a0757c68ca01e32_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo4NDQ2ZjBmMjdmZDg0OGZkODRjNGUxNGY5MjYyMWIyYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NDZmMGYyN2ZkODQ4ZmQ4NGM0ZTE0ZjkyNjIxYjJhXzEyLTEtMS0xLTA_c7eb8081-1ed8-41b0-bdb3-87e47fc31de9


      contextRef=i737042e75ceb4c0f8b90bef05b70be15_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo4NDQ2ZjBmMjdmZDg0OGZkODRjNGUxNGY5MjYyMWIyYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NDZmMGYyN2ZkODQ4ZmQ4NGM0ZTE0ZjkyNjIxYjJhXzEyLTMtMS0xLTA_393bf7d0-74ab-451b-a2d4-87d0b640b51f


      contextRef=i03fd46f2e0484a50b644065c3b159206_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo4NDQ2ZjBmMjdmZDg0OGZkODRjNGUxNGY5MjYyMWIyYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NDZmMGYyN2ZkODQ4ZmQ4NGM0ZTE0ZjkyNjIxYjJhXzEyLTUtMS0xLTA_8592b6f8-5172-450a-b158-0ab12569ace6


      contextRef=i410d95f8d1e94c678a0757c68ca01e32_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo4NDQ2ZjBmMjdmZDg0OGZkODRjNGUxNGY5MjYyMWIyYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NDZmMGYyN2ZkODQ4ZmQ4NGM0ZTE0ZjkyNjIxYjJhXzEzLTEtMS0xLTA_98f40175-d858-49bb-adbb-f6a297d3ca56


      contextRef=i737042e75ceb4c0f8b90bef05b70be15_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo4NDQ2ZjBmMjdmZDg0OGZkODRjNGUxNGY5MjYyMWIyYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NDZmMGYyN2ZkODQ4ZmQ4NGM0ZTE0ZjkyNjIxYjJhXzEzLTMtMS0xLTA_6df45b1a-c613-4753-8e81-9a869f083681


      contextRef=i03fd46f2e0484a50b644065c3b159206_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTo4NDQ2ZjBmMjdmZDg0OGZkODRjNGUxNGY5MjYyMWIyYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjg0NDZmMGYyN2ZkODQ4ZmQ4NGM0ZTE0ZjkyNjIxYjJhXzEzLTUtMS0xLTA_f1fe9ed3-7092-441e-be7f-14c533f6a517


      contextRef=i737042e75ceb4c0f8b90bef05b70be15_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllNWM4OGUxNTE0ZTQzMDFiODlmYTZmODVhN2I4MjViXzEwOTk1MTE2MzYzNDA_e9a23ba3-c1f5-44c4-917f-8eca55b64bae


      contextRef=i410d95f8d1e94c678a0757c68ca01e32_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllNWM4OGUxNTE0ZTQzMDFiODlmYTZmODVhN2I4MjViXzEwOTk1MTE2NDIyOTI_c7eb8081-1ed8-41b0-bdb3-87e47fc31de9


      contextRef=i737042e75ceb4c0f8b90bef05b70be15_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllNWM4OGUxNTE0ZTQzMDFiODlmYTZmODVhN2I4MjViXzI1Mjg_25336758-0c5e-4731-85bf-0a54fc9c099b


      contextRef=i7070d479529b4a9cb8af809c1535f339_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllNWM4OGUxNTE0ZTQzMDFiODlmYTZmODVhN2I4MjViXzEwOTk1MTE2MzY1MDI_6fadd0df-b6e4-4830-a10d-3d4efa44d9db


      contextRef=i24b21c68508e4b139d87efefd24094ce_D20190215-20190215
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllNWM4OGUxNTE0ZTQzMDFiODlmYTZmODVhN2I4MjViXzQ1NzE_51dfe0b8-8b3c-4e73-8115-06b3b3da52db


      contextRef=i717750497beb48dc8009efac3ac997e7_I20190215
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllNWM4OGUxNTE0ZTQzMDFiODlmYTZmODVhN2I4MjViXzQ5NTY_d517fbae-d264-4627-a092-81f55ff1c092


      contextRef=i24b21c68508e4b139d87efefd24094ce_D20190215-20190215
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllNWM4OGUxNTE0ZTQzMDFiODlmYTZmODVhN2I4MjViXzUwNzg_174e5777-b730-4172-ad05-a2aa68613a53


      contextRef=i24b21c68508e4b139d87efefd24094ce_D20190215-20190215
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllNWM4OGUxNTE0ZTQzMDFiODlmYTZmODVhN2I4MjViXzU0OTg_5dccbc5c-d848-443e-af96-761afc3c9725


      contextRef=if4b9f11f35a842b8b71ae4975f9c457f_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllNWM4OGUxNTE0ZTQzMDFiODlmYTZmODVhN2I4MjViXzU4MzQ_d40735fe-ca54-4fc5-bad0-7cc376ffdab3


      contextRef=if4b9f11f35a842b8b71ae4975f9c457f_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllNWM4OGUxNTE0ZTQzMDFiODlmYTZmODVhN2I4MjViXzU4NDE_bd2d583b-9633-43e5-a3da-a167f79baef1


      contextRef=ifc8c04ef07da477cac72549f421d18d3_D20190628-20190628
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllNWM4OGUxNTE0ZTQzMDFiODlmYTZmODVhN2I4MjViXzYyODg_e06187b8-6d8b-49fa-842f-d9ff082b3253


      contextRef=i607a23d7508342fbb7392f75acc065f9_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjllNWM4OGUxNTE0ZTQzMDFiODlmYTZmODVhN2I4MjViXzEwOTk1MTE2MzY1OTU_3185dd10-fd83-4ec3-adac-91597e80ad52


      contextRef=icc314e9ab3ac4333be2822e14a7e6225_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTowN2Y3NWJkMjdmZTk0NjgzYTZjZmNhOWUzNWY1MmJiZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3Zjc1YmQyN2ZlOTQ2ODNhNmNmY2E5ZTM1ZjUyYmJlXzItMS0xLTEtMA_fcce45bf-5a47-439e-831a-3e8052704ab0


      contextRef=ia28279218c224228aa196e818d356982_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTowN2Y3NWJkMjdmZTk0NjgzYTZjZmNhOWUzNWY1MmJiZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3Zjc1YmQyN2ZlOTQ2ODNhNmNmY2E5ZTM1ZjUyYmJlXzItMy0xLTEtMA_e77d3c73-7058-43e3-b3cf-906790770940


      contextRef=i7070d479529b4a9cb8af809c1535f339_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTowN2Y3NWJkMjdmZTk0NjgzYTZjZmNhOWUzNWY1MmJiZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3Zjc1YmQyN2ZlOTQ2ODNhNmNmY2E5ZTM1ZjUyYmJlXzItNS0xLTEtMA_50a4b665-4dae-453c-b438-784501fc3d9b


      contextRef=icc314e9ab3ac4333be2822e14a7e6225_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTowN2Y3NWJkMjdmZTk0NjgzYTZjZmNhOWUzNWY1MmJiZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3Zjc1YmQyN2ZlOTQ2ODNhNmNmY2E5ZTM1ZjUyYmJlXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_1770adc9-7079-45af-a37a-4c16bdea3245


      contextRef=ia28279218c224228aa196e818d356982_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTowN2Y3NWJkMjdmZTk0NjgzYTZjZmNhOWUzNWY1MmJiZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3Zjc1YmQyN2ZlOTQ2ODNhNmNmY2E5ZTM1ZjUyYmJlXzMtMy0xLTEtMA_be6c0a44-7318-4602-b5d2-a131d569f1e1


      contextRef=i7070d479529b4a9cb8af809c1535f339_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTowN2Y3NWJkMjdmZTk0NjgzYTZjZmNhOWUzNWY1MmJiZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3Zjc1YmQyN2ZlOTQ2ODNhNmNmY2E5ZTM1ZjUyYmJlXzMtNS0xLTEtMA_b9028eb4-d1c9-4415-88fe-4f0059e481e9


      contextRef=icc314e9ab3ac4333be2822e14a7e6225_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTowN2Y3NWJkMjdmZTk0NjgzYTZjZmNhOWUzNWY1MmJiZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3Zjc1YmQyN2ZlOTQ2ODNhNmNmY2E5ZTM1ZjUyYmJlXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_413fa6b8-3dc1-49d4-9969-fb29f1b754fd


      contextRef=ia28279218c224228aa196e818d356982_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTowN2Y3NWJkMjdmZTk0NjgzYTZjZmNhOWUzNWY1MmJiZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3Zjc1YmQyN2ZlOTQ2ODNhNmNmY2E5ZTM1ZjUyYmJlXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_03526b5f-6ca9-40dd-8502-e84cd58d26eb


      contextRef=i7070d479529b4a9cb8af809c1535f339_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTowN2Y3NWJkMjdmZTk0NjgzYTZjZmNhOWUzNWY1MmJiZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3Zjc1YmQyN2ZlOTQ2ODNhNmNmY2E5ZTM1ZjUyYmJlXzQtNS0xLTEtMA_395da360-a608-44d1-a057-6db15dae0415


      contextRef=icc314e9ab3ac4333be2822e14a7e6225_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTowN2Y3NWJkMjdmZTk0NjgzYTZjZmNhOWUzNWY1MmJiZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3Zjc1YmQyN2ZlOTQ2ODNhNmNmY2E5ZTM1ZjUyYmJlXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_5d5ddbea-e35d-4260-88f9-61858417900a


      contextRef=ia28279218c224228aa196e818d356982_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTowN2Y3NWJkMjdmZTk0NjgzYTZjZmNhOWUzNWY1MmJiZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3Zjc1YmQyN2ZlOTQ2ODNhNmNmY2E5ZTM1ZjUyYmJlXzUtMy0xLTEtMA_b024ddf5-a3f2-4aef-9596-845959968faf


      contextRef=i7070d479529b4a9cb8af809c1535f339_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTowN2Y3NWJkMjdmZTk0NjgzYTZjZmNhOWUzNWY1MmJiZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3Zjc1YmQyN2ZlOTQ2ODNhNmNmY2E5ZTM1ZjUyYmJlXzUtNS0xLTEtMA_6fadd0df-b6e4-4830-a10d-3d4efa44d9db


      contextRef=icc314e9ab3ac4333be2822e14a7e6225_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTowN2Y3NWJkMjdmZTk0NjgzYTZjZmNhOWUzNWY1MmJiZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3Zjc1YmQyN2ZlOTQ2ODNhNmNmY2E5ZTM1ZjUyYmJlXzYtMS0xLTEtMA_44dd6428-44d5-4ec3-925f-bea6f0776c70


      contextRef=ia28279218c224228aa196e818d356982_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTowN2Y3NWJkMjdmZTk0NjgzYTZjZmNhOWUzNWY1MmJiZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3Zjc1YmQyN2ZlOTQ2ODNhNmNmY2E5ZTM1ZjUyYmJlXzYtMy0xLTEtMA_7f9c9389-e4b3-45af-8425-4d8bb71cc213


      contextRef=i7070d479529b4a9cb8af809c1535f339_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTowN2Y3NWJkMjdmZTk0NjgzYTZjZmNhOWUzNWY1MmJiZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3Zjc1YmQyN2ZlOTQ2ODNhNmNmY2E5ZTM1ZjUyYmJlXzYtNS0xLTEtMA_0950904d-1e4c-4584-bbe2-5429a08d493b


      contextRef=icc314e9ab3ac4333be2822e14a7e6225_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTowN2Y3NWJkMjdmZTk0NjgzYTZjZmNhOWUzNWY1MmJiZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3Zjc1YmQyN2ZlOTQ2ODNhNmNmY2E5ZTM1ZjUyYmJlXzctMS0xLTEtMA_ed0addd8-72a1-45e8-a01a-c508465a4459


      contextRef=ia28279218c224228aa196e818d356982_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTowN2Y3NWJkMjdmZTk0NjgzYTZjZmNhOWUzNWY1MmJiZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3Zjc1YmQyN2ZlOTQ2ODNhNmNmY2E5ZTM1ZjUyYmJlXzctMy0xLTEtMA_cd1cd24a-ac0a-4518-a52d-74ffe907d1b7


      contextRef=i7070d479529b4a9cb8af809c1535f339_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTowN2Y3NWJkMjdmZTk0NjgzYTZjZmNhOWUzNWY1MmJiZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3Zjc1YmQyN2ZlOTQ2ODNhNmNmY2E5ZTM1ZjUyYmJlXzctNS0xLTEtMA_f5f19f9a-861e-49df-9d47-87477de54126


      contextRef=icc314e9ab3ac4333be2822e14a7e6225_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTowN2Y3NWJkMjdmZTk0NjgzYTZjZmNhOWUzNWY1MmJiZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3Zjc1YmQyN2ZlOTQ2ODNhNmNmY2E5ZTM1ZjUyYmJlXzgtMS0xLTEtMA_2971b0da-9a95-4069-adab-34eb71864a3b


      contextRef=ia28279218c224228aa196e818d356982_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTowN2Y3NWJkMjdmZTk0NjgzYTZjZmNhOWUzNWY1MmJiZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3Zjc1YmQyN2ZlOTQ2ODNhNmNmY2E5ZTM1ZjUyYmJlXzgtMy0xLTEtMA_909ff379-a80c-495c-8619-0ee58731faad


      contextRef=i7070d479529b4a9cb8af809c1535f339_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTowN2Y3NWJkMjdmZTk0NjgzYTZjZmNhOWUzNWY1MmJiZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3Zjc1YmQyN2ZlOTQ2ODNhNmNmY2E5ZTM1ZjUyYmJlXzgtNS0xLTEtMA_43f512cd-8e32-41c8-aa8a-3326bc7218c3


      contextRef=icc314e9ab3ac4333be2822e14a7e6225_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTowN2Y3NWJkMjdmZTk0NjgzYTZjZmNhOWUzNWY1MmJiZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3Zjc1YmQyN2ZlOTQ2ODNhNmNmY2E5ZTM1ZjUyYmJlXzktMS0xLTEtMA_6803e567-057d-43fe-bdb1-2c18a742a85f


      contextRef=ia28279218c224228aa196e818d356982_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTowN2Y3NWJkMjdmZTk0NjgzYTZjZmNhOWUzNWY1MmJiZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3Zjc1YmQyN2ZlOTQ2ODNhNmNmY2E5ZTM1ZjUyYmJlXzktMy0xLTEtMA_80bb7011-0a83-4057-9093-1d3f59555e91


      contextRef=i7070d479529b4a9cb8af809c1535f339_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTowN2Y3NWJkMjdmZTk0NjgzYTZjZmNhOWUzNWY1MmJiZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3Zjc1YmQyN2ZlOTQ2ODNhNmNmY2E5ZTM1ZjUyYmJlXzktNS0xLTEtMA_e9b6654e-e18e-4303-9b69-db8f0a82e780


      contextRef=icc314e9ab3ac4333be2822e14a7e6225_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTowN2Y3NWJkMjdmZTk0NjgzYTZjZmNhOWUzNWY1MmJiZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3Zjc1YmQyN2ZlOTQ2ODNhNmNmY2E5ZTM1ZjUyYmJlXzEwLTEtMS0xLTA_0b3f322a-1758-4306-a7b9-b789cbebe4cd


      contextRef=ia28279218c224228aa196e818d356982_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTowN2Y3NWJkMjdmZTk0NjgzYTZjZmNhOWUzNWY1MmJiZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3Zjc1YmQyN2ZlOTQ2ODNhNmNmY2E5ZTM1ZjUyYmJlXzEwLTMtMS0xLTA_7b2a5617-943f-4073-8902-8650c6e8632b


      contextRef=i7070d479529b4a9cb8af809c1535f339_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTowN2Y3NWJkMjdmZTk0NjgzYTZjZmNhOWUzNWY1MmJiZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3Zjc1YmQyN2ZlOTQ2ODNhNmNmY2E5ZTM1ZjUyYmJlXzEwLTUtMS0xLTA_937e8f9d-55b7-47c5-bd30-86c8a4278ee5


      contextRef=icc314e9ab3ac4333be2822e14a7e6225_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTowN2Y3NWJkMjdmZTk0NjgzYTZjZmNhOWUzNWY1MmJiZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3Zjc1YmQyN2ZlOTQ2ODNhNmNmY2E5ZTM1ZjUyYmJlXzExLTEtMS0xLTA_7692b76e-ab0a-4378-a205-045b5b72bf73


      contextRef=ia28279218c224228aa196e818d356982_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTowN2Y3NWJkMjdmZTk0NjgzYTZjZmNhOWUzNWY1MmJiZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3Zjc1YmQyN2ZlOTQ2ODNhNmNmY2E5ZTM1ZjUyYmJlXzExLTMtMS0xLTA_475367ae-571e-4069-884b-803008e4085a


      contextRef=i7070d479529b4a9cb8af809c1535f339_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTEvZnJhZzo5ZTVjODhlMTUxNGU0MzAxYjg5ZmE2Zjg1YTdiODI1Yi90YWJsZTowN2Y3NWJkMjdmZTk0NjgzYTZjZmNhOWUzNWY1MmJiZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3Zjc1YmQyN2ZlOTQ2ODNhNmNmY2E5ZTM1ZjUyYmJlXzExLTUtMS0xLTA_464663e6-de69-4b76-9f25-6e1f1f068192


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

&lt;br/&gt;2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;June 30


162&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Raw materials
 work-in-progress and packaging&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;97
526&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;90


170&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;In the twelve months ended June&#160;30
 2021 and June&#160;30
 2020
 the Company recorded inventory (reversal) write-downs of $(421)&#160;and $4
175
 respectively


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

&lt;br/&gt;2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;June 30


162&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Raw materials
 work-in-progress and packaging&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;97
526&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;90




      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTcvZnJhZzo2MTc4OTgzNmRkMGY0NTg1YWY3MzcxNjRjZDRhZjA2NS90YWJsZTo5YjE4ZWEwMTQwYjY0ODA5YjEzOWJkMmMzMjNmMzIyZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjliMThlYTAxNDBiNjQ4MDliMTM5YmQyYzMyM2YzMjJlXzEtMS0xLTEtMA_36cc05ae-3649-414d-ac24-60053ed9899b


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTcvZnJhZzo2MTc4OTgzNmRkMGY0NTg1YWY3MzcxNjRjZDRhZjA2NS90YWJsZTo5YjE4ZWEwMTQwYjY0ODA5YjEzOWJkMmMzMjNmMzIyZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjliMThlYTAxNDBiNjQ4MDliMTM5YmQyYzMyM2YzMjJlXzEtMy0xLTEtMA_f73dec41-48b0-43de-a248-dd5881568cde


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTcvZnJhZzo2MTc4OTgzNmRkMGY0NTg1YWY3MzcxNjRjZDRhZjA2NS90YWJsZTo5YjE4ZWEwMTQwYjY0ODA5YjEzOWJkMmMzMjNmMzIyZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjliMThlYTAxNDBiNjQ4MDliMTM5YmQyYzMyM2YzMjJlXzItMS0xLTEtMA_5301cf2f-7fb2-4622-b9f9-a5282b27ded8


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTcvZnJhZzo2MTc4OTgzNmRkMGY0NTg1YWY3MzcxNjRjZDRhZjA2NS90YWJsZTo5YjE4ZWEwMTQwYjY0ODA5YjEzOWJkMmMzMjNmMzIyZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjliMThlYTAxNDBiNjQ4MDliMTM5YmQyYzMyM2YzMjJlXzItMy0xLTEtMA_af1bca78-ae63-49e7-9145-f3f23598af2e


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTcvZnJhZzo2MTc4OTgzNmRkMGY0NTg1YWY3MzcxNjRjZDRhZjA2NS90YWJsZTo5YjE4ZWEwMTQwYjY0ODA5YjEzOWJkMmMzMjNmMzIyZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjliMThlYTAxNDBiNjQ4MDliMTM5YmQyYzMyM2YzMjJlXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_f62531dd-d172-40b1-8897-ba317d9a7f6b


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTcvZnJhZzo2MTc4OTgzNmRkMGY0NTg1YWY3MzcxNjRjZDRhZjA2NS90YWJsZTo5YjE4ZWEwMTQwYjY0ODA5YjEzOWJkMmMzMjNmMzIyZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjliMThlYTAxNDBiNjQ4MDliMTM5YmQyYzMyM2YzMjJlXzMtMy0xLTEtMA_4e98ca58-690e-4dc1-94ea-d30fb8b59416


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTcvZnJhZzo2MTc4OTgzNmRkMGY0NTg1YWY3MzcxNjRjZDRhZjA2NS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjYxNzg5ODM2ZGQwZjQ1ODVhZjczNzE2NGNkNGFmMDY1XzEwOTk1MTE2MjgyOTg_74302c8a-a6b2-45b1-9bc0-33c1c2e4efe6


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNTcvZnJhZzo2MTc4OTgzNmRkMGY0NTg1YWY3MzcxNjRjZDRhZjA2NS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjYxNzg5ODM2ZGQwZjQ1ODVhZjczNzE2NGNkNGFmMDY1XzEwOTk1MTE2MjgyOTQ_c55561c1-a283-45ab-a5c5-6e7b0694cdd9


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Property
 plant and equipment
 net consisted of the following:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.853%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:72.692%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.637%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.532%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.639%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;June 30
&lt;br/&gt;2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;June 30



143&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;74

811&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;288

132&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;60

546&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;20

360&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;40

633&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;16
489&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;543
291&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;514

514&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;225


256&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Depreciation expense for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2021
 2020 and 2019 was $34
291
 $31
409 and $28
922
 respectively. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%&gt;During fiscal year 2021
 the Company recorded $1
333 of non-cash impairment charge related to the write-down of building improvements. Additionally
 during fiscal year 2021
 the Company completed the sale of its manufacturing facility in Moonachie
 NJ in the United States which resulted in a gain in the amount of $4
900. In connection with the sale
 property
 plant and equipment
 net in the amount of $5
502 was written off. In addition to the aforementioned
 a non-cash impairment charge of $244 was recorded related to a facility in the United Kingdom which was held for sale as of June&#160;30
 2021; the remaining property
 plant and equipment
 net of $1
874 have been classified as held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June&#160;30
 2021. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;During fiscal 2020
 the Company recorded $12
313 of non-cash impairment charges primarily related to a write-down of building improvements
 machinery and equipment in the United States and Europe used to manufacture certain slow moving or low margin SKUs
 held for sale accounting of Danival and consolidation of certain office space and manufacturing facilities. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;During fiscal 2019
 the Company determined that it was more likely than not that certain fixed assets of two of its manufacturing facilities would be sold or otherwise disposed of before the end of their estimated useful lives due to the Company&#x2019;s decision to consolidate manufacturing of certain fruit-based and soup products in the United Kingdom. As such
 the Company recorded a $6
166 non-cash impairment charge related to the closures of these facilities. Additionally
 the Company recorded non-cash impairment charges of $9
653 to write down the value of certain machinery and equipment no longer in use in the United States and United Kingdom


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 plant and equipment
 net consisted of the following:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.853%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:72.692%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.637%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.532%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.639%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;June 30
&lt;br/&gt;2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;June 30



143&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;74

811&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;288

132&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;60

546&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;20

360&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;40

633&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;16
489&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;543
291&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;514

514&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;225




      contextRef=i91a3cfdce24d462194856046864cbc5a_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjAvZnJhZzo0M2FiMTBjZTgxNWY0ODUxYTU0YjNkNTFjMDNlYjljMy90YWJsZTo3YWY2ZjVjMTNmOTA0YTRkYWIxZjAzYjNjMGZmMzkxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdhZjZmNWMxM2Y5MDRhNGRhYjFmMDNiM2MwZmYzOTEzXzEtMS0xLTEtMA_0fe48a7d-d10f-461f-a87b-792b7c710752


      contextRef=i5dbf3d6298f24f7f9bf2612634e75e70_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjAvZnJhZzo0M2FiMTBjZTgxNWY0ODUxYTU0YjNkNTFjMDNlYjljMy90YWJsZTo3YWY2ZjVjMTNmOTA0YTRkYWIxZjAzYjNjMGZmMzkxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdhZjZmNWMxM2Y5MDRhNGRhYjFmMDNiM2MwZmYzOTEzXzEtMy0xLTEtMA_cf20aee4-bdd1-43d6-8bb4-799b4644f086


      contextRef=i6a39778f6e67464caeae9d25c2b2a341_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjAvZnJhZzo0M2FiMTBjZTgxNWY0ODUxYTU0YjNkNTFjMDNlYjljMy90YWJsZTo3YWY2ZjVjMTNmOTA0YTRkYWIxZjAzYjNjMGZmMzkxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdhZjZmNWMxM2Y5MDRhNGRhYjFmMDNiM2MwZmYzOTEzXzItMS0xLTEtMA_acb72e76-444b-41f6-9f4a-4a9c3412eadb


      contextRef=i08f9293267454cfd913a38a2e8d16b77_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjAvZnJhZzo0M2FiMTBjZTgxNWY0ODUxYTU0YjNkNTFjMDNlYjljMy90YWJsZTo3YWY2ZjVjMTNmOTA0YTRkYWIxZjAzYjNjMGZmMzkxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdhZjZmNWMxM2Y5MDRhNGRhYjFmMDNiM2MwZmYzOTEzXzItMy0xLTEtMA_29864e3a-45b8-4af8-9a0f-25d974367d14


      contextRef=i33729ce3bd6a4e248f4b524a8d7b29e7_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjAvZnJhZzo0M2FiMTBjZTgxNWY0ODUxYTU0YjNkNTFjMDNlYjljMy90YWJsZTo3YWY2ZjVjMTNmOTA0YTRkYWIxZjAzYjNjMGZmMzkxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdhZjZmNWMxM2Y5MDRhNGRhYjFmMDNiM2MwZmYzOTEzXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_5db59d6a-4eec-4b3b-bbdd-33dc525d9153


      contextRef=i57b9e6d1a6a7473fae1adf651e15d0f1_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjAvZnJhZzo0M2FiMTBjZTgxNWY0ODUxYTU0YjNkNTFjMDNlYjljMy90YWJsZTo3YWY2ZjVjMTNmOTA0YTRkYWIxZjAzYjNjMGZmMzkxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdhZjZmNWMxM2Y5MDRhNGRhYjFmMDNiM2MwZmYzOTEzXzMtMy0xLTEtMA_428fac40-a438-4275-a061-d79bae9bf94d


      contextRef=i07cb37918186495b981d0e33b41de66d_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjAvZnJhZzo0M2FiMTBjZTgxNWY0ODUxYTU0YjNkNTFjMDNlYjljMy90YWJsZTo3YWY2ZjVjMTNmOTA0YTRkYWIxZjAzYjNjMGZmMzkxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdhZjZmNWMxM2Y5MDRhNGRhYjFmMDNiM2MwZmYzOTEzXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_c044bfb4-5c96-4229-be2e-bb56f0faad9c


      contextRef=i1e004e41088e4efc9987ec9a72ae9d7c_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjAvZnJhZzo0M2FiMTBjZTgxNWY0ODUxYTU0YjNkNTFjMDNlYjljMy90YWJsZTo3YWY2ZjVjMTNmOTA0YTRkYWIxZjAzYjNjMGZmMzkxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdhZjZmNWMxM2Y5MDRhNGRhYjFmMDNiM2MwZmYzOTEzXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_58ab7a66-55f8-48e1-bc56-d4bf8448c44d


      contextRef=i4ebb7768a7f944bf92d4e5a2ae0ed39a_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjAvZnJhZzo0M2FiMTBjZTgxNWY0ODUxYTU0YjNkNTFjMDNlYjljMy90YWJsZTo3YWY2ZjVjMTNmOTA0YTRkYWIxZjAzYjNjMGZmMzkxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdhZjZmNWMxM2Y5MDRhNGRhYjFmMDNiM2MwZmYzOTEzXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_31734683-2328-4197-9e92-4c9eac1998d0


      contextRef=i17ae042afc5f498ab070955cafb78c44_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjAvZnJhZzo0M2FiMTBjZTgxNWY0ODUxYTU0YjNkNTFjMDNlYjljMy90YWJsZTo3YWY2ZjVjMTNmOTA0YTRkYWIxZjAzYjNjMGZmMzkxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdhZjZmNWMxM2Y5MDRhNGRhYjFmMDNiM2MwZmYzOTEzXzUtMy0xLTEtMA_30a18ec6-023a-42dc-b347-032b85b644ef


      contextRef=i4d764fb343e348698f3905b9b6e963b4_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjAvZnJhZzo0M2FiMTBjZTgxNWY0ODUxYTU0YjNkNTFjMDNlYjljMy90YWJsZTo3YWY2ZjVjMTNmOTA0YTRkYWIxZjAzYjNjMGZmMzkxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdhZjZmNWMxM2Y5MDRhNGRhYjFmMDNiM2MwZmYzOTEzXzYtMS0xLTEtMA_1a726a0b-dcd8-44b7-bb79-21b7516cf648


      contextRef=i3f32cee867ba473488887ca5ba2bfad2_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjAvZnJhZzo0M2FiMTBjZTgxNWY0ODUxYTU0YjNkNTFjMDNlYjljMy90YWJsZTo3YWY2ZjVjMTNmOTA0YTRkYWIxZjAzYjNjMGZmMzkxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdhZjZmNWMxM2Y5MDRhNGRhYjFmMDNiM2MwZmYzOTEzXzYtMy0xLTEtMA_0be2c56b-73ca-41c4-a960-7dab0c214bb1


      contextRef=ic5fde1dfe4d84cc6a46c9b685a8ade12_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjAvZnJhZzo0M2FiMTBjZTgxNWY0ODUxYTU0YjNkNTFjMDNlYjljMy90YWJsZTo3YWY2ZjVjMTNmOTA0YTRkYWIxZjAzYjNjMGZmMzkxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdhZjZmNWMxM2Y5MDRhNGRhYjFmMDNiM2MwZmYzOTEzXzctMS0xLTEtMA_74b21023-a276-47b7-afe9-85755f8fbed0


      contextRef=i5dc3e7a3e95847d2b3178350cba1f70d_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjAvZnJhZzo0M2FiMTBjZTgxNWY0ODUxYTU0YjNkNTFjMDNlYjljMy90YWJsZTo3YWY2ZjVjMTNmOTA0YTRkYWIxZjAzYjNjMGZmMzkxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdhZjZmNWMxM2Y5MDRhNGRhYjFmMDNiM2MwZmYzOTEzXzctMy0xLTEtMA_cd1bd5ce-2f88-4646-a54a-d280ecc152cf


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjAvZnJhZzo0M2FiMTBjZTgxNWY0ODUxYTU0YjNkNTFjMDNlYjljMy90YWJsZTo3YWY2ZjVjMTNmOTA0YTRkYWIxZjAzYjNjMGZmMzkxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdhZjZmNWMxM2Y5MDRhNGRhYjFmMDNiM2MwZmYzOTEzXzgtMS0xLTEtMA_125d0530-c1fa-4e43-ab6c-bf0cca753932


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjAvZnJhZzo0M2FiMTBjZTgxNWY0ODUxYTU0YjNkNTFjMDNlYjljMy90YWJsZTo3YWY2ZjVjMTNmOTA0YTRkYWIxZjAzYjNjMGZmMzkxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdhZjZmNWMxM2Y5MDRhNGRhYjFmMDNiM2MwZmYzOTEzXzgtMy0xLTEtMA_2cc68651-534e-457a-b566-c620c093f044


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjAvZnJhZzo0M2FiMTBjZTgxNWY0ODUxYTU0YjNkNTFjMDNlYjljMy90YWJsZTo3YWY2ZjVjMTNmOTA0YTRkYWIxZjAzYjNjMGZmMzkxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdhZjZmNWMxM2Y5MDRhNGRhYjFmMDNiM2MwZmYzOTEzXzktMS0xLTEtMA_2ffc74e3-b094-4435-827d-cf63b897ac30


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjAvZnJhZzo0M2FiMTBjZTgxNWY0ODUxYTU0YjNkNTFjMDNlYjljMy90YWJsZTo3YWY2ZjVjMTNmOTA0YTRkYWIxZjAzYjNjMGZmMzkxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdhZjZmNWMxM2Y5MDRhNGRhYjFmMDNiM2MwZmYzOTEzXzktMy0xLTEtMA_83f65143-98ef-4695-85ba-19ca02edbfd4


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjAvZnJhZzo0M2FiMTBjZTgxNWY0ODUxYTU0YjNkNTFjMDNlYjljMy90YWJsZTo3YWY2ZjVjMTNmOTA0YTRkYWIxZjAzYjNjMGZmMzkxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdhZjZmNWMxM2Y5MDRhNGRhYjFmMDNiM2MwZmYzOTEzXzEwLTEtMS0xLTA_e8ee5752-59bb-4bb5-80df-b1ea18b3b3b4


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjAvZnJhZzo0M2FiMTBjZTgxNWY0ODUxYTU0YjNkNTFjMDNlYjljMy90YWJsZTo3YWY2ZjVjMTNmOTA0YTRkYWIxZjAzYjNjMGZmMzkxMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdhZjZmNWMxM2Y5MDRhNGRhYjFmMDNiM2MwZmYzOTEzXzEwLTMtMS0xLTA_fed0020f-53be-4bd5-bb32-d6b97e28d4db


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjAvZnJhZzo0M2FiMTBjZTgxNWY0ODUxYTU0YjNkNTFjMDNlYjljMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjQzYWIxMGNlODE1ZjQ4NTFhNTRiM2Q1MWMwM2ViOWMzXzE3OA_9d3e124d-b41c-43f4-928b-67fae43cc2e2


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjAvZnJhZzo0M2FiMTBjZTgxNWY0ODUxYTU0YjNkNTFjMDNlYjljMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjQzYWIxMGNlODE1ZjQ4NTFhNTRiM2Q1MWMwM2ViOWMzXzE4Mg_2ce12205-2127-4f86-9d96-4929c6887be5


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjAvZnJhZzo0M2FiMTBjZTgxNWY0ODUxYTU0YjNkNTFjMDNlYjljMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjQzYWIxMGNlODE1ZjQ4NTFhNTRiM2Q1MWMwM2ViOWMzXzE4OQ_dc18bdf9-0261-4fb3-b5e7-383c4bafdc3a


      contextRef=i76c67ea1930d46259fca37112da987f0_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjAvZnJhZzo0M2FiMTBjZTgxNWY0ODUxYTU0YjNkNTFjMDNlYjljMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjQzYWIxMGNlODE1ZjQ4NTFhNTRiM2Q1MWMwM2ViOWMzXzEwOTk1MTE2MzQyNjc_5349f3d0-208e-4932-a8b8-910d5206e442


      contextRef=i5e75bfb813bf489797184f15fcd98cb0_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjAvZnJhZzo0M2FiMTBjZTgxNWY0ODUxYTU0YjNkNTFjMDNlYjljMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjQzYWIxMGNlODE1ZjQ4NTFhNTRiM2Q1MWMwM2ViOWMzXzEwOTk1MTE2MzQ1ODc_cf44aa17-55fc-45aa-bdac-2ef0b3a5b2e3


      contextRef=i5e75bfb813bf489797184f15fcd98cb0_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjAvZnJhZzo0M2FiMTBjZTgxNWY0ODUxYTU0YjNkNTFjMDNlYjljMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjQzYWIxMGNlODE1ZjQ4NTFhNTRiM2Q1MWMwM2ViOWMzXzEwOTk1MTE2MzQ3MTU_4162dbda-267c-428c-87f2-4cdfcfe757ac


      contextRef=i4727f71e784d4fc5aefd3e10c4582baa_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjAvZnJhZzo0M2FiMTBjZTgxNWY0ODUxYTU0YjNkNTFjMDNlYjljMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjQzYWIxMGNlODE1ZjQ4NTFhNTRiM2Q1MWMwM2ViOWMzXzEwOTk1MTE2MzUyNDI_9fbb093f-06ff-462b-b58a-b50360a908df


      contextRef=id81ce41c931c4c338248b99fc7e696af_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjAvZnJhZzo0M2FiMTBjZTgxNWY0ODUxYTU0YjNkNTFjMDNlYjljMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjQzYWIxMGNlODE1ZjQ4NTFhNTRiM2Q1MWMwM2ViOWMzXzEwOTk1MTE2MzUxNjQ_02d8ebcc-b55a-41bc-9280-6e6f4a7bb3e2


      contextRef=ia43561c021d34d33a47cfe537ead04d4_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjAvZnJhZzo0M2FiMTBjZTgxNWY0ODUxYTU0YjNkNTFjMDNlYjljMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjQzYWIxMGNlODE1ZjQ4NTFhNTRiM2Q1MWMwM2ViOWMzXzI0OA_d053820b-920c-4aa2-a139-a86d1db81519


      contextRef=i7483b80824ee4b76bf9b288e61f40678_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjAvZnJhZzo0M2FiMTBjZTgxNWY0ODUxYTU0YjNkNTFjMDNlYjljMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjQzYWIxMGNlODE1ZjQ4NTFhNTRiM2Q1MWMwM2ViOWMzXzk0NA_9e6d4d80-396a-44c4-801d-a7e9dca8795d


      contextRef=i52c51412f6714c7da2b78913a2e52707_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjAvZnJhZzo0M2FiMTBjZTgxNWY0ODUxYTU0YjNkNTFjMDNlYjljMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjQzYWIxMGNlODE1ZjQ4NTFhNTRiM2Q1MWMwM2ViOWMzXzEwODU_bcf7edfc-5230-4305-92f6-1dc88d76372b


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 warehouse and distribution facilities
 manufacturing equipment and vehicles primarily in North America and Europe. The Company determines if an arrangement is or contains a lease at inception. Lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. The Company&#x2019;s lease agreements generally do not contain residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. A limited number of lease agreements include rental payments adjusted periodically for inflation.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Certain of the Company&#x2019;s leases contain variable lease payments
 which are expensed as incurred unless those payments are based on an index or rate. Variable lease payments based on an index or rate are initially measured using the index or rate in effect at lease commencement and included in the measurement of the lease liability; thereafter
 changes to lease payments due to rate or index changes are recorded as variable lease expense in the period incurred. The Company does not have any related party leases
 and sublease transactions are de minimis.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The components of lease expenses for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30

 2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;June 30




423&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2

387&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1



 2020
 operating lease expenses and finance lease expenses included $1
505 and $251
 respectively
 of ROU asset impairment charges associated with the Company&#x2019;s ongoing productivity and transformation initiatives. Of this amount

 2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;June 30


165&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Finance lease ROU assets
 net&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTowMTI5YmU1YTU1MWQ0NjBiOTU0ZjJmYTA0NjAxNDI3ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAxMjliZTVhNTUxZDQ2MGI5NTRmMmZhMDQ2MDE0MjdkXzMtMi0xLTEtMA_9e421856-a32d-4b5a-bc9a-f812332ed13a&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTowMTI5YmU1YTU1MWQ0NjBiOTU0ZjJmYTA0NjAxNDI3ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAxMjliZTVhNTUxZDQ2MGI5NTRmMmZhMDQ2MDE0MjdkXzMtMi0xLTEtMA_b712ff56-cafc-4cef-a08c-abc860aac572&gt;Property
 plant and equipment





 noncurrent portion&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;85
929&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;82




 2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;June 30






 2019 (see Note 2) and leases which commenced
 were modified or terminated during the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2020.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Maturities of lease liabilities as of June&#160;30


















354&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Maturities of lease liabilities as of June&#160;30




















      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 warehouse and distribution facilities
 manufacturing equipment and vehicles primarily in North America and Europe. The Company determines if an arrangement is or contains a lease at inception. Lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. The Company&#x2019;s lease agreements generally do not contain residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. A limited number of lease agreements include rental payments adjusted periodically for inflation.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Certain of the Company&#x2019;s leases contain variable lease payments
 which are expensed as incurred unless those payments are based on an index or rate. Variable lease payments based on an index or rate are initially measured using the index or rate in effect at lease commencement and included in the measurement of the lease liability; thereafter
 changes to lease payments due to rate or index changes are recorded as variable lease expense in the period incurred. The Company does not have any related party leases
 and sublease transactions are de minimis.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The components of lease expenses for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30

 2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;June 30




423&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2

387&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1



 2020
 operating lease expenses and finance lease expenses included $1
505 and $251
 respectively
 of ROU asset impairment charges associated with the Company&#x2019;s ongoing productivity and transformation initiatives. Of this amount

 2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;June 30


165&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Finance lease ROU assets
 net&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTowMTI5YmU1YTU1MWQ0NjBiOTU0ZjJmYTA0NjAxNDI3ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAxMjliZTVhNTUxZDQ2MGI5NTRmMmZhMDQ2MDE0MjdkXzMtMi0xLTEtMA_9e421856-a32d-4b5a-bc9a-f812332ed13a&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTowMTI5YmU1YTU1MWQ0NjBiOTU0ZjJmYTA0NjAxNDI3ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAxMjliZTVhNTUxZDQ2MGI5NTRmMmZhMDQ2MDE0MjdkXzMtMi0xLTEtMA_b712ff56-cafc-4cef-a08c-abc860aac572&gt;Property
 plant and equipment





 noncurrent portion&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;85
929&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;82




 2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;June 30






 2019 (see Note 2) and leases which commenced
 were modified or terminated during the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2020.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Maturities of lease liabilities as of June&#160;30


















354&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Maturities of lease liabilities as of June&#160;30




















      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


 2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;June 30




423&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2

387&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1



 2020
 operating lease expenses and finance lease expenses included $1
505 and $251
 respectively
 of ROU asset impairment charges associated with the Company&#x2019;s ongoing productivity and transformation initiatives. Of this amount

 2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;June 30






 2019 (see Note 2) and leases which commenced
 were modified or terminated during the fiscal year ended June&#160;30


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTplNWEyNmM3NDIxNDQ0ZTAyYjUwNWE5ZjIyOGM5ZGNmYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmU1YTI2Yzc0MjE0NDRlMDJiNTA1YTlmMjI4YzlkY2ZhXzItMS0xLTEtMA_29fb23d4-5cba-4ddb-9b8a-7e55d462d686


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTplNWEyNmM3NDIxNDQ0ZTAyYjUwNWE5ZjIyOGM5ZGNmYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmU1YTI2Yzc0MjE0NDRlMDJiNTA1YTlmMjI4YzlkY2ZhXzItNC0xLTEtNDUyMg_1e7037b9-ef15-4d55-a1d7-af1d787abf13


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTplNWEyNmM3NDIxNDQ0ZTAyYjUwNWE5ZjIyOGM5ZGNmYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmU1YTI2Yzc0MjE0NDRlMDJiNTA1YTlmMjI4YzlkY2ZhXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_842f67db-cf4b-482d-bdd4-b8470c1e0226


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTplNWEyNmM3NDIxNDQ0ZTAyYjUwNWE5ZjIyOGM5ZGNmYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmU1YTI2Yzc0MjE0NDRlMDJiNTA1YTlmMjI4YzlkY2ZhXzMtNC0xLTEtNDUyNg_486cde9e-35cb-48de-9ba4-d50e9267db02


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTplNWEyNmM3NDIxNDQ0ZTAyYjUwNWE5ZjIyOGM5ZGNmYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmU1YTI2Yzc0MjE0NDRlMDJiNTA1YTlmMjI4YzlkY2ZhXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_1124f157-704a-40bb-b7f4-3985f3b2cf74


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTplNWEyNmM3NDIxNDQ0ZTAyYjUwNWE5ZjIyOGM5ZGNmYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmU1YTI2Yzc0MjE0NDRlMDJiNTA1YTlmMjI4YzlkY2ZhXzQtNC0xLTEtNDUzMA_052b49ab-fce2-4108-8634-4612e2588ff4


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTplNWEyNmM3NDIxNDQ0ZTAyYjUwNWE5ZjIyOGM5ZGNmYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmU1YTI2Yzc0MjE0NDRlMDJiNTA1YTlmMjI4YzlkY2ZhXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_f5f70dca-1324-4e54-90ba-ff7169319918


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTplNWEyNmM3NDIxNDQ0ZTAyYjUwNWE5ZjIyOGM5ZGNmYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmU1YTI2Yzc0MjE0NDRlMDJiNTA1YTlmMjI4YzlkY2ZhXzUtNC0xLTEtNDUzMA_9093d57b-b038-4376-b461-25c8703afe89


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTplNWEyNmM3NDIxNDQ0ZTAyYjUwNWE5ZjIyOGM5ZGNmYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmU1YTI2Yzc0MjE0NDRlMDJiNTA1YTlmMjI4YzlkY2ZhXzYtMS0xLTEtMA_57881193-2016-4dfe-92fd-8cfea5c86e9c


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTplNWEyNmM3NDIxNDQ0ZTAyYjUwNWE5ZjIyOGM5ZGNmYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmU1YTI2Yzc0MjE0NDRlMDJiNTA1YTlmMjI4YzlkY2ZhXzYtNC0xLTEtNTE4NQ_be6853e5-96ec-4159-9153-f910a6b1d0aa


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjFjNGUwYmM1YzUxODRiMWRiOWNkYTYwM2U5MDM2ZmU3XzMyOTg1MzQ4ODgyOTM_836a65d2-bd49-46c2-b1a6-ba7936caa974


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjFjNGUwYmM1YzUxODRiMWRiOWNkYTYwM2U5MDM2ZmU3XzMyOTg1MzQ4ODgzMDE_1caa55a6-0354-439f-8a6b-0b794081340d


      contextRef=i936f028941e1465bb00b0e5382390adb_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjFjNGUwYmM1YzUxODRiMWRiOWNkYTYwM2U5MDM2ZmU3XzMyOTg1MzQ4ODgzMDc_baa6dfa5-a594-4389-9df3-f7fc53bdba8c


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;June 30


165&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 7.75pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Finance lease ROU assets
 net&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTowMTI5YmU1YTU1MWQ0NjBiOTU0ZjJmYTA0NjAxNDI3ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAxMjliZTVhNTUxZDQ2MGI5NTRmMmZhMDQ2MDE0MjdkXzMtMi0xLTEtMA_9e421856-a32d-4b5a-bc9a-f812332ed13a&gt;&lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTowMTI5YmU1YTU1MWQ0NjBiOTU0ZjJmYTA0NjAxNDI3ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAxMjliZTVhNTUxZDQ2MGI5NTRmMmZhMDQ2MDE0MjdkXzMtMi0xLTEtMA_b712ff56-cafc-4cef-a08c-abc860aac572&gt;Property
 plant and equipment





 noncurrent portion&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;85
929&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;82





      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTowMTI5YmU1YTU1MWQ0NjBiOTU0ZjJmYTA0NjAxNDI3ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAxMjliZTVhNTUxZDQ2MGI5NTRmMmZhMDQ2MDE0MjdkXzItNC0xLTEtMA_3249581c-d229-43b6-b9a2-7409cbf0cd8d


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTowMTI5YmU1YTU1MWQ0NjBiOTU0ZjJmYTA0NjAxNDI3ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAxMjliZTVhNTUxZDQ2MGI5NTRmMmZhMDQ2MDE0MjdkXzItNi0xLTEtNDU2Mw_fd458785-eff8-4122-9dfc-a9266e2aff2f


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTowMTI5YmU1YTU1MWQ0NjBiOTU0ZjJmYTA0NjAxNDI3ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAxMjliZTVhNTUxZDQ2MGI5NTRmMmZhMDQ2MDE0MjdkXzMtNC0xLTEtMA_73027215-81ae-44b8-af38-b6379c35cae5


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTowMTI5YmU1YTU1MWQ0NjBiOTU0ZjJmYTA0NjAxNDI3ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAxMjliZTVhNTUxZDQ2MGI5NTRmMmZhMDQ2MDE0MjdkXzMtNi0xLTEtNDU2Mw_2e38f130-da38-4134-b8cc-c050d17a667b


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTowMTI5YmU1YTU1MWQ0NjBiOTU0ZjJmYTA0NjAxNDI3ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAxMjliZTVhNTUxZDQ2MGI5NTRmMmZhMDQ2MDE0MjdkXzQtNC0xLTEtMA_ee2bcd6a-d792-48fe-8137-aa29fa3f597d


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTowMTI5YmU1YTU1MWQ0NjBiOTU0ZjJmYTA0NjAxNDI3ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAxMjliZTVhNTUxZDQ2MGI5NTRmMmZhMDQ2MDE0MjdkXzQtNi0xLTEtNTE4Nw_3ae72d16-dd8c-4673-b5fc-1aef062e81db


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTowMTI5YmU1YTU1MWQ0NjBiOTU0ZjJmYTA0NjAxNDI3ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAxMjliZTVhNTUxZDQ2MGI5NTRmMmZhMDQ2MDE0MjdkXzgtNC0xLTEtMA_0c903b4a-df40-43b9-b0c2-f4054447fc0b


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTowMTI5YmU1YTU1MWQ0NjBiOTU0ZjJmYTA0NjAxNDI3ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAxMjliZTVhNTUxZDQ2MGI5NTRmMmZhMDQ2MDE0MjdkXzgtNi0xLTEtNDU2Nw_654ab1cb-f6d6-497f-9c57-314c347069cd


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTowMTI5YmU1YTU1MWQ0NjBiOTU0ZjJmYTA0NjAxNDI3ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAxMjliZTVhNTUxZDQ2MGI5NTRmMmZhMDQ2MDE0MjdkXzktNC0xLTEtMA_cbc61070-f4e6-48fe-82b1-0b4435ca1c8e


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTowMTI5YmU1YTU1MWQ0NjBiOTU0ZjJmYTA0NjAxNDI3ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAxMjliZTVhNTUxZDQ2MGI5NTRmMmZhMDQ2MDE0MjdkXzktNi0xLTEtNDU2Nw_3dfa8f75-1ffe-4068-bb7e-39862138d743


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTowMTI5YmU1YTU1MWQ0NjBiOTU0ZjJmYTA0NjAxNDI3ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAxMjliZTVhNTUxZDQ2MGI5NTRmMmZhMDQ2MDE0MjdkXzExLTQtMS0xLTA_a4a2a0c7-6499-4227-bb7c-11be154b222f


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTowMTI5YmU1YTU1MWQ0NjBiOTU0ZjJmYTA0NjAxNDI3ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAxMjliZTVhNTUxZDQ2MGI5NTRmMmZhMDQ2MDE0MjdkXzExLTYtMS0xLTQ1NzE_0457c9d9-cf84-4698-a5b3-a472e673b6e2


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTowMTI5YmU1YTU1MWQ0NjBiOTU0ZjJmYTA0NjAxNDI3ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAxMjliZTVhNTUxZDQ2MGI5NTRmMmZhMDQ2MDE0MjdkXzEyLTQtMS0xLTA_cad16df9-8b22-4908-816e-6fc01cd5b18e


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTowMTI5YmU1YTU1MWQ0NjBiOTU0ZjJmYTA0NjAxNDI3ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAxMjliZTVhNTUxZDQ2MGI5NTRmMmZhMDQ2MDE0MjdkXzEyLTYtMS0xLTQ1NzE_37f10877-6014-4929-90b2-deefa7afa80e


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTowMTI5YmU1YTU1MWQ0NjBiOTU0ZjJmYTA0NjAxNDI3ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAxMjliZTVhNTUxZDQ2MGI5NTRmMmZhMDQ2MDE0MjdkXzEzLTQtMS0xLTA_2460d1f5-0fc7-4bc3-9dab-df2463b8f0ba


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTowMTI5YmU1YTU1MWQ0NjBiOTU0ZjJmYTA0NjAxNDI3ZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjAxMjliZTVhNTUxZDQ2MGI5NTRmMmZhMDQ2MDE0MjdkXzEzLTYtMS0xLTUxODc_173a9ef1-4854-4671-b520-81cfa956de1d


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTozYzY0NjZjNjcwZDY0ZTE3YjMwNDAxODdlYmQyY2JhYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNjNjQ2NmM2NzBkNjRlMTdiMzA0MDE4N2ViZDJjYmFiXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_1505c61a-9b31-4b26-9d4b-035be9751aa2


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTozYzY0NjZjNjcwZDY0ZTE3YjMwNDAxODdlYmQyY2JhYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNjNjQ2NmM2NzBkNjRlMTdiMzA0MDE4N2ViZDJjYmFiXzQtNC0xLTEtNDYwNg_a31ea57c-5eaa-478b-9194-44a775e08f99


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTozYzY0NjZjNjcwZDY0ZTE3YjMwNDAxODdlYmQyY2JhYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNjNjQ2NmM2NzBkNjRlMTdiMzA0MDE4N2ViZDJjYmFiXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_df511e22-2fcd-426c-890b-c3169f5c29eb


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTozYzY0NjZjNjcwZDY0ZTE3YjMwNDAxODdlYmQyY2JhYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNjNjQ2NmM2NzBkNjRlMTdiMzA0MDE4N2ViZDJjYmFiXzUtNC0xLTEtNDYwNg_77a3bcc5-2c1b-4c24-a137-4028f2000413


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTozYzY0NjZjNjcwZDY0ZTE3YjMwNDAxODdlYmQyY2JhYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNjNjQ2NmM2NzBkNjRlMTdiMzA0MDE4N2ViZDJjYmFiXzYtMS0xLTEtMA_49992c7d-4ba4-4939-b852-55a46b77c0f0


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTozYzY0NjZjNjcwZDY0ZTE3YjMwNDAxODdlYmQyY2JhYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNjNjQ2NmM2NzBkNjRlMTdiMzA0MDE4N2ViZDJjYmFiXzYtNC0xLTEtNDYwNg_6f974332-79a2-4351-8dd4-23a6a1d97498


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTozYzY0NjZjNjcwZDY0ZTE3YjMwNDAxODdlYmQyY2JhYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNjNjQ2NmM2NzBkNjRlMTdiMzA0MDE4N2ViZDJjYmFiXzgtMS0xLTEtMA_00f1a266-d892-4e67-98b3-34849ef515ce


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTozYzY0NjZjNjcwZDY0ZTE3YjMwNDAxODdlYmQyY2JhYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNjNjQ2NmM2NzBkNjRlMTdiMzA0MDE4N2ViZDJjYmFiXzgtNC0xLTEtNDYxMA_8fe705d1-b354-45a9-abc8-70355b976bab


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTozYzY0NjZjNjcwZDY0ZTE3YjMwNDAxODdlYmQyY2JhYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNjNjQ2NmM2NzBkNjRlMTdiMzA0MDE4N2ViZDJjYmFiXzktMS0xLTEtMA_7f630e80-2e70-48dc-86cb-e795c7232c39


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTozYzY0NjZjNjcwZDY0ZTE3YjMwNDAxODdlYmQyY2JhYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNjNjQ2NmM2NzBkNjRlMTdiMzA0MDE4N2ViZDJjYmFiXzktNC0xLTEtNDYxMA_59f95986-259f-4d30-b6f9-6fbb39a868f6


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTozYzY0NjZjNjcwZDY0ZTE3YjMwNDAxODdlYmQyY2JhYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNjNjQ2NmM2NzBkNjRlMTdiMzA0MDE4N2ViZDJjYmFiXzE0LTEtMS0xLTA_d3a78a76-03a0-4ab4-b558-610e8d0be890


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTozYzY0NjZjNjcwZDY0ZTE3YjMwNDAxODdlYmQyY2JhYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNjNjQ2NmM2NzBkNjRlMTdiMzA0MDE4N2ViZDJjYmFiXzE0LTQtMS0xLTQ2MTg_4bc5814b-4ce4-4bd9-90c0-7a838a62f1d0


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTozYzY0NjZjNjcwZDY0ZTE3YjMwNDAxODdlYmQyY2JhYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNjNjQ2NmM2NzBkNjRlMTdiMzA0MDE4N2ViZDJjYmFiXzE1LTEtMS0xLTA_5da738e2-1a28-493a-bff0-41513d5d7744


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTozYzY0NjZjNjcwZDY0ZTE3YjMwNDAxODdlYmQyY2JhYi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNjNjQ2NmM2NzBkNjRlMTdiMzA0MDE4N2ViZDJjYmFiXzE1LTQtMS0xLTQ2MTg_ea19d778-9744-4af5-88d0-9945dd7835f9


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630



















354&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Maturities of lease liabilities as of June&#160;30




















      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630



















354&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Maturities of lease liabilities as of June&#160;30




















      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTpmODNiZDQ2ZjRjMjY0YWU2YjAyYmMyMDEzNWQyMTZmOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmY4M2JkNDZmNGMyNjRhZTZiMDJiYzIwMTM1ZDIxNmY4XzEtMS0xLTEtMA_8bbb4e3f-4bf3-4313-ac19-c6ce134c7d69


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTpmODNiZDQ2ZjRjMjY0YWU2YjAyYmMyMDEzNWQyMTZmOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmY4M2JkNDZmNGMyNjRhZTZiMDJiYzIwMTM1ZDIxNmY4XzEtMy0xLTEtMA_64feba29-0a97-4b7c-8f60-893841603cd8


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTpmODNiZDQ2ZjRjMjY0YWU2YjAyYmMyMDEzNWQyMTZmOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmY4M2JkNDZmNGMyNjRhZTZiMDJiYzIwMTM1ZDIxNmY4XzEtNS0xLTEtMA_f5623731-92f6-4301-b9e2-2641b95dc6de


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTpmODNiZDQ2ZjRjMjY0YWU2YjAyYmMyMDEzNWQyMTZmOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmY4M2JkNDZmNGMyNjRhZTZiMDJiYzIwMTM1ZDIxNmY4XzItMS0xLTEtMA_943c462a-191d-4ec2-92fa-e27cbb972c88


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTpmODNiZDQ2ZjRjMjY0YWU2YjAyYmMyMDEzNWQyMTZmOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmY4M2JkNDZmNGMyNjRhZTZiMDJiYzIwMTM1ZDIxNmY4XzItMy0xLTEtMA_d2a72a6a-1f20-438d-a0af-10654473d543


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTpmODNiZDQ2ZjRjMjY0YWU2YjAyYmMyMDEzNWQyMTZmOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmY4M2JkNDZmNGMyNjRhZTZiMDJiYzIwMTM1ZDIxNmY4XzItNS0xLTEtMA_dc5c9add-0f1d-4a55-8730-26cdda68fac6


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTpmODNiZDQ2ZjRjMjY0YWU2YjAyYmMyMDEzNWQyMTZmOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmY4M2JkNDZmNGMyNjRhZTZiMDJiYzIwMTM1ZDIxNmY4XzMtMS0xLTEtMA_17336d1d-9db2-4109-894d-ffc360ea7114


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTpmODNiZDQ2ZjRjMjY0YWU2YjAyYmMyMDEzNWQyMTZmOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmY4M2JkNDZmNGMyNjRhZTZiMDJiYzIwMTM1ZDIxNmY4XzMtMy0xLTEtMA_7fcce408-1646-406e-81f7-dc2aac7ba03c


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTpmODNiZDQ2ZjRjMjY0YWU2YjAyYmMyMDEzNWQyMTZmOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmY4M2JkNDZmNGMyNjRhZTZiMDJiYzIwMTM1ZDIxNmY4XzMtNS0xLTEtMA_1f067465-5d53-4813-86a7-c3f524e2dc27


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTpmODNiZDQ2ZjRjMjY0YWU2YjAyYmMyMDEzNWQyMTZmOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmY4M2JkNDZmNGMyNjRhZTZiMDJiYzIwMTM1ZDIxNmY4XzQtMS0xLTEtMA_605fa101-a5b8-402f-894d-3f88d89c6110


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTpmODNiZDQ2ZjRjMjY0YWU2YjAyYmMyMDEzNWQyMTZmOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmY4M2JkNDZmNGMyNjRhZTZiMDJiYzIwMTM1ZDIxNmY4XzQtMy0xLTEtMA_782335c5-9f03-4aa6-9894-33806ca8cd06


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTpmODNiZDQ2ZjRjMjY0YWU2YjAyYmMyMDEzNWQyMTZmOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmY4M2JkNDZmNGMyNjRhZTZiMDJiYzIwMTM1ZDIxNmY4XzQtNS0xLTEtMA_f2d3d1f5-e029-4f2a-878e-a7fe0edba4d9


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTpmODNiZDQ2ZjRjMjY0YWU2YjAyYmMyMDEzNWQyMTZmOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmY4M2JkNDZmNGMyNjRhZTZiMDJiYzIwMTM1ZDIxNmY4XzUtMS0xLTEtMA_49313f77-5f42-428f-8a9a-6a846a71fe76


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTpmODNiZDQ2ZjRjMjY0YWU2YjAyYmMyMDEzNWQyMTZmOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmY4M2JkNDZmNGMyNjRhZTZiMDJiYzIwMTM1ZDIxNmY4XzUtMy0xLTEtMA_03f498c1-9c3c-4abc-b87e-5ed9408623aa


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTpmODNiZDQ2ZjRjMjY0YWU2YjAyYmMyMDEzNWQyMTZmOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmY4M2JkNDZmNGMyNjRhZTZiMDJiYzIwMTM1ZDIxNmY4XzUtNS0xLTEtMA_b37ff88b-60fb-4ef6-b29e-591c845cb7c9


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTpmODNiZDQ2ZjRjMjY0YWU2YjAyYmMyMDEzNWQyMTZmOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmY4M2JkNDZmNGMyNjRhZTZiMDJiYzIwMTM1ZDIxNmY4XzYtMS0xLTEtMA_b01b9e06-8fdf-4f79-b542-bd317f3bf1d1


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTpmODNiZDQ2ZjRjMjY0YWU2YjAyYmMyMDEzNWQyMTZmOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmY4M2JkNDZmNGMyNjRhZTZiMDJiYzIwMTM1ZDIxNmY4XzYtMy0xLTEtMA_4ee20f32-c958-4911-83d4-f08e40c8599f


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTpmODNiZDQ2ZjRjMjY0YWU2YjAyYmMyMDEzNWQyMTZmOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmY4M2JkNDZmNGMyNjRhZTZiMDJiYzIwMTM1ZDIxNmY4XzYtNS0xLTEtMA_6ddaf22e-4c90-4d75-97dc-d2c307dc1e30


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTpmODNiZDQ2ZjRjMjY0YWU2YjAyYmMyMDEzNWQyMTZmOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmY4M2JkNDZmNGMyNjRhZTZiMDJiYzIwMTM1ZDIxNmY4XzctMS0xLTEtMA_fd279a41-9f7e-4879-9e46-f7b60d422832


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTpmODNiZDQ2ZjRjMjY0YWU2YjAyYmMyMDEzNWQyMTZmOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmY4M2JkNDZmNGMyNjRhZTZiMDJiYzIwMTM1ZDIxNmY4XzctMy0xLTEtMA_15443b5d-94bb-46bc-8fbf-7384e71f4355


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTpmODNiZDQ2ZjRjMjY0YWU2YjAyYmMyMDEzNWQyMTZmOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmY4M2JkNDZmNGMyNjRhZTZiMDJiYzIwMTM1ZDIxNmY4XzctNS0xLTEtMA_cdc7c4e3-1327-4864-b9a2-7966f9489fbf


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTpmODNiZDQ2ZjRjMjY0YWU2YjAyYmMyMDEzNWQyMTZmOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmY4M2JkNDZmNGMyNjRhZTZiMDJiYzIwMTM1ZDIxNmY4XzgtMS0xLTEtMA_dcef46f4-3325-4926-9a61-dd222936457e


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTpmODNiZDQ2ZjRjMjY0YWU2YjAyYmMyMDEzNWQyMTZmOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmY4M2JkNDZmNGMyNjRhZTZiMDJiYzIwMTM1ZDIxNmY4XzgtMy0xLTEtMA_4ab0bb7b-4d53-4943-a298-1fd54d76642f


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTpmODNiZDQ2ZjRjMjY0YWU2YjAyYmMyMDEzNWQyMTZmOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmY4M2JkNDZmNGMyNjRhZTZiMDJiYzIwMTM1ZDIxNmY4XzgtNS0xLTEtMA_62d06820-234f-444f-a8cd-06cc03d593ed


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTpmODNiZDQ2ZjRjMjY0YWU2YjAyYmMyMDEzNWQyMTZmOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmY4M2JkNDZmNGMyNjRhZTZiMDJiYzIwMTM1ZDIxNmY4XzktMS0xLTEtMA_06bec73c-d6b0-427a-b14d-c018417d7413


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTpmODNiZDQ2ZjRjMjY0YWU2YjAyYmMyMDEzNWQyMTZmOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmY4M2JkNDZmNGMyNjRhZTZiMDJiYzIwMTM1ZDIxNmY4XzktMy0xLTEtMA_8398f4b2-fe37-42e8-95c7-1fa908cac65e


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZTpmODNiZDQ2ZjRjMjY0YWU2YjAyYmMyMDEzNWQyMTZmOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmY4M2JkNDZmNGMyNjRhZTZiMDJiYzIwMTM1ZDIxNmY4XzktNS0xLTEtMA_9c118e88-5eaa-4704-b27e-05113b377fb3


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZToxMTlkNTdlYmMxMWE0NDRjYTI4OWZkODczMDBjMDIyNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjExOWQ1N2ViYzExYTQ0NGNhMjg5ZmQ4NzMwMGMwMjI0XzEtMS0xLTEtNDYyNQ_5d76eccf-8fb4-42d4-8347-c2334f17d949


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZToxMTlkNTdlYmMxMWE0NDRjYTI4OWZkODczMDBjMDIyNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjExOWQ1N2ViYzExYTQ0NGNhMjg5ZmQ4NzMwMGMwMjI0XzEtMy0xLTEtNDYyNQ_ce0da65b-1587-4208-9dbc-1606ae2c763c


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZToxMTlkNTdlYmMxMWE0NDRjYTI4OWZkODczMDBjMDIyNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjExOWQ1N2ViYzExYTQ0NGNhMjg5ZmQ4NzMwMGMwMjI0XzEtNS0xLTEtNTE5NQ_c8ab81a8-67de-4278-ab94-a3fe87304163


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZToxMTlkNTdlYmMxMWE0NDRjYTI4OWZkODczMDBjMDIyNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjExOWQ1N2ViYzExYTQ0NGNhMjg5ZmQ4NzMwMGMwMjI0XzItMS0xLTEtNDYyNQ_6b4e43d8-eb3d-4255-a6b1-d2c60548e147


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZToxMTlkNTdlYmMxMWE0NDRjYTI4OWZkODczMDBjMDIyNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjExOWQ1N2ViYzExYTQ0NGNhMjg5ZmQ4NzMwMGMwMjI0XzItMy0xLTEtNDYyNQ_4f92f361-bce6-4215-a463-3484f4b08eac


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZToxMTlkNTdlYmMxMWE0NDRjYTI4OWZkODczMDBjMDIyNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjExOWQ1N2ViYzExYTQ0NGNhMjg5ZmQ4NzMwMGMwMjI0XzItNS0xLTEtNTE5NQ_b5802f46-80d1-455e-8093-49b7d4b7a3aa


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZToxMTlkNTdlYmMxMWE0NDRjYTI4OWZkODczMDBjMDIyNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjExOWQ1N2ViYzExYTQ0NGNhMjg5ZmQ4NzMwMGMwMjI0XzMtMS0xLTEtNDYyNQ_c62aaf54-c23a-4372-8bc4-887910f76a22


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZToxMTlkNTdlYmMxMWE0NDRjYTI4OWZkODczMDBjMDIyNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjExOWQ1N2ViYzExYTQ0NGNhMjg5ZmQ4NzMwMGMwMjI0XzMtMy0xLTEtNDYyNQ_cb604f26-d129-47c9-9a49-9346740cff5e


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZToxMTlkNTdlYmMxMWE0NDRjYTI4OWZkODczMDBjMDIyNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjExOWQ1N2ViYzExYTQ0NGNhMjg5ZmQ4NzMwMGMwMjI0XzMtNS0xLTEtNTE5NQ_5fff8ecc-dac1-479f-8806-f87e589639ea


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZToxMTlkNTdlYmMxMWE0NDRjYTI4OWZkODczMDBjMDIyNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjExOWQ1N2ViYzExYTQ0NGNhMjg5ZmQ4NzMwMGMwMjI0XzQtMS0xLTEtNDYyNQ_53ca325e-01c7-4d19-9274-39b7def1112e


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZToxMTlkNTdlYmMxMWE0NDRjYTI4OWZkODczMDBjMDIyNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjExOWQ1N2ViYzExYTQ0NGNhMjg5ZmQ4NzMwMGMwMjI0XzQtMy0xLTEtNDYyNQ_7372bd7b-074d-4cac-8bb7-8055efc3ebd5


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZToxMTlkNTdlYmMxMWE0NDRjYTI4OWZkODczMDBjMDIyNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjExOWQ1N2ViYzExYTQ0NGNhMjg5ZmQ4NzMwMGMwMjI0XzQtNS0xLTEtNTE5NQ_4d1c8f27-0b5d-47fa-ad50-7dde7182cad3


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZToxMTlkNTdlYmMxMWE0NDRjYTI4OWZkODczMDBjMDIyNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjExOWQ1N2ViYzExYTQ0NGNhMjg5ZmQ4NzMwMGMwMjI0XzUtMS0xLTEtNDYyNQ_12624eef-e6b1-4be0-8a52-d864d69ec4f6


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZToxMTlkNTdlYmMxMWE0NDRjYTI4OWZkODczMDBjMDIyNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjExOWQ1N2ViYzExYTQ0NGNhMjg5ZmQ4NzMwMGMwMjI0XzUtMy0xLTEtNDYyNQ_90afda66-a1c2-4783-b8d7-c87256e306d2


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZToxMTlkNTdlYmMxMWE0NDRjYTI4OWZkODczMDBjMDIyNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjExOWQ1N2ViYzExYTQ0NGNhMjg5ZmQ4NzMwMGMwMjI0XzUtNS0xLTEtNTE5NQ_c8aa3821-ce34-4577-85fd-993cad803506


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZToxMTlkNTdlYmMxMWE0NDRjYTI4OWZkODczMDBjMDIyNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjExOWQ1N2ViYzExYTQ0NGNhMjg5ZmQ4NzMwMGMwMjI0XzYtMS0xLTEtNDYyNQ_24058493-1837-41f5-9859-abe403d8be3b


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZToxMTlkNTdlYmMxMWE0NDRjYTI4OWZkODczMDBjMDIyNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjExOWQ1N2ViYzExYTQ0NGNhMjg5ZmQ4NzMwMGMwMjI0XzYtMy0xLTEtNDYyNQ_af1d963c-a6f7-4507-8812-b172e21c808b


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZToxMTlkNTdlYmMxMWE0NDRjYTI4OWZkODczMDBjMDIyNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjExOWQ1N2ViYzExYTQ0NGNhMjg5ZmQ4NzMwMGMwMjI0XzYtNS0xLTEtNTE5NQ_dedd16f6-ec8a-4109-b8b0-b0c2f7dfab5e


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZToxMTlkNTdlYmMxMWE0NDRjYTI4OWZkODczMDBjMDIyNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjExOWQ1N2ViYzExYTQ0NGNhMjg5ZmQ4NzMwMGMwMjI0XzctMS0xLTEtNTE5NQ_b7735e67-c234-45ea-81ca-c0ebfa3dd247


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZToxMTlkNTdlYmMxMWE0NDRjYTI4OWZkODczMDBjMDIyNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjExOWQ1N2ViYzExYTQ0NGNhMjg5ZmQ4NzMwMGMwMjI0XzctMy0xLTEtNTE5NQ_4405a4cd-b869-4f98-93e5-6634c5cd5e4a


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZToxMTlkNTdlYmMxMWE0NDRjYTI4OWZkODczMDBjMDIyNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjExOWQ1N2ViYzExYTQ0NGNhMjg5ZmQ4NzMwMGMwMjI0XzctNS0xLTEtNTE5NQ_e1b05ad5-daae-46ae-a467-c448da78a484


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZToxMTlkNTdlYmMxMWE0NDRjYTI4OWZkODczMDBjMDIyNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjExOWQ1N2ViYzExYTQ0NGNhMjg5ZmQ4NzMwMGMwMjI0XzgtMS0xLTEtNDYyNQ_88fc8a4e-5d28-440d-ac8e-050cd53d0469


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZToxMTlkNTdlYmMxMWE0NDRjYTI4OWZkODczMDBjMDIyNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjExOWQ1N2ViYzExYTQ0NGNhMjg5ZmQ4NzMwMGMwMjI0XzgtMy0xLTEtNDYyNQ_b8e77eb4-445e-4e2e-800b-943b23eca4b1


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZToxMTlkNTdlYmMxMWE0NDRjYTI4OWZkODczMDBjMDIyNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjExOWQ1N2ViYzExYTQ0NGNhMjg5ZmQ4NzMwMGMwMjI0XzgtNS0xLTEtNTE5NQ_f4508f91-8b86-4ac7-b84d-8490740401f3


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZToxMTlkNTdlYmMxMWE0NDRjYTI4OWZkODczMDBjMDIyNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjExOWQ1N2ViYzExYTQ0NGNhMjg5ZmQ4NzMwMGMwMjI0XzktMS0xLTEtNTE5NQ_789b965e-0dfb-4aae-89ea-29fcb88f1fe7


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZToxMTlkNTdlYmMxMWE0NDRjYTI4OWZkODczMDBjMDIyNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjExOWQ1N2ViYzExYTQ0NGNhMjg5ZmQ4NzMwMGMwMjI0XzktMy0xLTEtNTE5NQ_43cb7ae4-f0b3-4d21-811c-c37d50a9ad87


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjMvZnJhZzoxYzRlMGJjNWM1MTg0YjFkYjljZGE2MDNlOTAzNmZlNy90YWJsZToxMTlkNTdlYmMxMWE0NDRjYTI4OWZkODczMDBjMDIyNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjExOWQ1N2ViYzExYTQ0NGNhMjg5ZmQ4NzMwMGMwMjI0XzktNS0xLTEtNTE5NQ_d6ca6cfa-7024-4114-938e-c14d7641982c


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630







 net&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1
526)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(6
994)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(8
520)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Balance as of June&#160;30
 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;606
055&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;255
903&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;861

429)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(14
362)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(22
791)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Translation and other adjustments
 net&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3
186&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;28
714&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;31
900&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Balance as of June 30



067&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The Company completed its annual goodwill impairment analysis in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021
 in conjunction with its budgeting and forecasting process for fiscal year 2022

 the Company completed the divestiture of its Fruit business
 a component of the Hain Daniels reporting unit. Goodwill of &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;$14

 the Company completed the divestiture of its Dream business
 a component of the United States and Canada reporting units. Goodwill of &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;$8

 2019
 the Company completed the divestiture of its Arrowhead and SunSpire businesses
 components of the United States reporting unit
 for a purchase price of $13
347 following post-closing adjustments
 recognizing a loss on sale of $2
037 during the fiscal year ended June 30
 2020. Goodwill of $4
357 was assigned to the divested businesses on a relative fair value basis.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;During March 2020
 the Company completed the divestiture of its Europe's Best and Casbah businesses
 components of the Canada reporting unit. Goodwill of $440 was assigned to the divested businesses on a relative fair value basis.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;During May 2020
 the Company completed the divestiture of its Rudi&#x2019;s business
 a component of the United States reporting unit. Goodwill of $212 was assigned to the divested businesses on a relative fair value basis.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;During June 2020
 in anticipation of the Company&#x2019;s divestiture of its Danival business
 a component of the Europe reporting unit
 the goodwill of $394 assigned to the business on a relative fair value basis was impaired based on the expected selling price.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Interim impairment analyses were performed on the applicable reporting units both before and after the sale of the respective businesses
 noting no impairment indicators were present.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Beginning in the three months ended September 30
 2019
 operations of Tilda were classified as discontinued operations as discussed in Note 5

 goodwill associated with Tilda is presented within Noncurrent assets of discontinued operations in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of June&#160;30

 excluding goodwill
 subject to amortization and intangible assets not subject to amortization:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.853%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:72.692%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.637%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.532%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.639%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;June 30
&lt;br/&gt;2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;June 30



856&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;184

432)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(116


462&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;(1) The gross carrying value of trademarks and trade names is reflected net of $93
273 of accumulated impairment charges as of both June&#160;30
 2021 and June&#160;30

 in association with the sale or discontinuation of certain businesses and brands
 the Company determined that certain of its indefinite-lived tradenames were impaired due to the carrying value of the tradenames exceeding their fair values
 and therefore an impairment charge of $13
994 was recognized ($8
462 in the North America reportable segment and $5
532 in the International reportable segment).&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021
 the Company completed the divestiture of its Dream and GG businesses. Other intangible assets totaling $7
833 and $729
 consisting primarily of trademarks
 were assigned to the divested businesses
 respectively.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Amortizable intangible assets
 which are deemed to have a finite life
 primarily consist of customer relationships and are being amortized over their estimated useful lives of 5 to 25 years.  Amortization expense included in continuing operations was as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.707%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:62.243%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.630%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.533%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.630%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.533%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.631%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Fiscal Year Ended June 30











      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630







 net&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1
526)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(6
994)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(8
520)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Balance as of June&#160;30
 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;606
055&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;255
903&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;861

429)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(14
362)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(22
791)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Translation and other adjustments
 net&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3
186&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;28
714&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;31
900&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Balance as of June 30





      contextRef=iccaa0899aa924f5c9bdc77141cf95377_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZToxNmRiNzY4ZjdkMjY0NTlhOGNhNDEyOTY3OTM5ZmQ4MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE2ZGI3NjhmN2QyNjQ1OWE4Y2E0MTI5Njc5MzlmZDgxXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_ac4e5e79-160f-48a6-8928-6b4e90924e48


      contextRef=ic7cf8167f93a47c99450e1ed5b5dbc08_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZToxNmRiNzY4ZjdkMjY0NTlhOGNhNDEyOTY3OTM5ZmQ4MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE2ZGI3NjhmN2QyNjQ1OWE4Y2E0MTI5Njc5MzlmZDgxXzMtMy0xLTEtMA_e9eb8530-5376-44e1-a8a2-875fa701ee05


      contextRef=i396c4e5beca74184b9989d548c90040e_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZToxNmRiNzY4ZjdkMjY0NTlhOGNhNDEyOTY3OTM5ZmQ4MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE2ZGI3NjhmN2QyNjQ1OWE4Y2E0MTI5Njc5MzlmZDgxXzMtNS0xLTEtMA_ae01c603-b7ec-43c0-b9f8-40bbd93891a6


      contextRef=i68440d4b5c6149d8a391558e07998955_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZToxNmRiNzY4ZjdkMjY0NTlhOGNhNDEyOTY3OTM5ZmQ4MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE2ZGI3NjhmN2QyNjQ1OWE4Y2E0MTI5Njc5MzlmZDgxXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_46d6ac4b-73f6-4b91-bf3c-de7d80e7ec41


      contextRef=ic6748f5154b04946a639a29c780d2c4b_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZToxNmRiNzY4ZjdkMjY0NTlhOGNhNDEyOTY3OTM5ZmQ4MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE2ZGI3NjhmN2QyNjQ1OWE4Y2E0MTI5Njc5MzlmZDgxXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_b07dd880-5b6a-4f43-8930-90acca00222a


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZToxNmRiNzY4ZjdkMjY0NTlhOGNhNDEyOTY3OTM5ZmQ4MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE2ZGI3NjhmN2QyNjQ1OWE4Y2E0MTI5Njc5MzlmZDgxXzQtNS0xLTEtMA_08866ba7-a3eb-43fc-8c9e-69609187bfa3


      contextRef=i68440d4b5c6149d8a391558e07998955_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZToxNmRiNzY4ZjdkMjY0NTlhOGNhNDEyOTY3OTM5ZmQ4MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE2ZGI3NjhmN2QyNjQ1OWE4Y2E0MTI5Njc5MzlmZDgxXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_dd2aeae7-1997-4937-9ec5-e6b17e8adc42


      contextRef=ic6748f5154b04946a639a29c780d2c4b_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZToxNmRiNzY4ZjdkMjY0NTlhOGNhNDEyOTY3OTM5ZmQ4MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE2ZGI3NjhmN2QyNjQ1OWE4Y2E0MTI5Njc5MzlmZDgxXzUtMy0xLTEtMA_79e97369-6be0-440b-a936-93b2a7cb57b6


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZToxNmRiNzY4ZjdkMjY0NTlhOGNhNDEyOTY3OTM5ZmQ4MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE2ZGI3NjhmN2QyNjQ1OWE4Y2E0MTI5Njc5MzlmZDgxXzUtNS0xLTEtMA_710d619c-7ba0-419c-b120-e4d6a34821e6


      contextRef=i68440d4b5c6149d8a391558e07998955_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZToxNmRiNzY4ZjdkMjY0NTlhOGNhNDEyOTY3OTM5ZmQ4MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE2ZGI3NjhmN2QyNjQ1OWE4Y2E0MTI5Njc5MzlmZDgxXzYtMS0xLTEtMA_3e237a6e-254c-455d-a9e2-1649aef3b79b


      contextRef=ic6748f5154b04946a639a29c780d2c4b_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZToxNmRiNzY4ZjdkMjY0NTlhOGNhNDEyOTY3OTM5ZmQ4MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE2ZGI3NjhmN2QyNjQ1OWE4Y2E0MTI5Njc5MzlmZDgxXzYtMy0xLTEtMA_fc6cfedd-6856-4114-b9e9-4f592df4b90f


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZToxNmRiNzY4ZjdkMjY0NTlhOGNhNDEyOTY3OTM5ZmQ4MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE2ZGI3NjhmN2QyNjQ1OWE4Y2E0MTI5Njc5MzlmZDgxXzYtNS0xLTEtMA_a65d06e0-0f08-4d35-8f3e-e3cfa2eefa12


      contextRef=i87e75d4e727f4ca6a4d636d6c7732abc_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZToxNmRiNzY4ZjdkMjY0NTlhOGNhNDEyOTY3OTM5ZmQ4MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE2ZGI3NjhmN2QyNjQ1OWE4Y2E0MTI5Njc5MzlmZDgxXzctMS0xLTEtMA_070bfbc9-b276-4c77-b1f0-286d34fafd13


      contextRef=i2c428734344348f3bcf4ed0f4f9c8c78_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZToxNmRiNzY4ZjdkMjY0NTlhOGNhNDEyOTY3OTM5ZmQ4MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE2ZGI3NjhmN2QyNjQ1OWE4Y2E0MTI5Njc5MzlmZDgxXzctMy0xLTEtMA_1a8b74e7-b62f-4119-912c-d75eea9d15d1


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZToxNmRiNzY4ZjdkMjY0NTlhOGNhNDEyOTY3OTM5ZmQ4MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE2ZGI3NjhmN2QyNjQ1OWE4Y2E0MTI5Njc5MzlmZDgxXzctNS0xLTEtMA_1f5d3195-0a9a-41d5-ad02-d9444b55ef28


      contextRef=i72426c3b9ece4f34a35a427d44415deb_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZToxNmRiNzY4ZjdkMjY0NTlhOGNhNDEyOTY3OTM5ZmQ4MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE2ZGI3NjhmN2QyNjQ1OWE4Y2E0MTI5Njc5MzlmZDgxXzgtMS0xLTEtNTM5Nw_86f1329f-c26d-484c-9380-ded502cd0262


      contextRef=id3c4a01eb35b40af9e2502270e119e05_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZToxNmRiNzY4ZjdkMjY0NTlhOGNhNDEyOTY3OTM5ZmQ4MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE2ZGI3NjhmN2QyNjQ1OWE4Y2E0MTI5Njc5MzlmZDgxXzgtMy0xLTEtNTQwMQ_cddf6619-a824-4831-9978-556494275afa


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZToxNmRiNzY4ZjdkMjY0NTlhOGNhNDEyOTY3OTM5ZmQ4MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE2ZGI3NjhmN2QyNjQ1OWE4Y2E0MTI5Njc5MzlmZDgxXzgtNS0xLTEtODYwNg_fb05a495-2586-4212-a6d8-ae507eec878a


      contextRef=i72426c3b9ece4f34a35a427d44415deb_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZToxNmRiNzY4ZjdkMjY0NTlhOGNhNDEyOTY3OTM5ZmQ4MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE2ZGI3NjhmN2QyNjQ1OWE4Y2E0MTI5Njc5MzlmZDgxXzgtMS0xLTEtMzg5Nw_2f8dbe4c-aa3b-4da0-9a78-e82da16f5349


      contextRef=id3c4a01eb35b40af9e2502270e119e05_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZToxNmRiNzY4ZjdkMjY0NTlhOGNhNDEyOTY3OTM5ZmQ4MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE2ZGI3NjhmN2QyNjQ1OWE4Y2E0MTI5Njc5MzlmZDgxXzgtMy0xLTEtMzg5Nw_6f964b46-3bf3-4639-82fa-1bd684c30abd


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZToxNmRiNzY4ZjdkMjY0NTlhOGNhNDEyOTY3OTM5ZmQ4MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE2ZGI3NjhmN2QyNjQ1OWE4Y2E0MTI5Njc5MzlmZDgxXzgtNS0xLTEtMzg5Nw_774719e1-a28e-4464-8fb3-c278ae71c739


      contextRef=i4b9c668bac6f4ba3ad49abe00db3e83d_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZToxNmRiNzY4ZjdkMjY0NTlhOGNhNDEyOTY3OTM5ZmQ4MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE2ZGI3NjhmN2QyNjQ1OWE4Y2E0MTI5Njc5MzlmZDgxXzktMS0xLTEtMzg5Nw_f7fa90bc-ff87-450c-afa6-0a4800266413


      contextRef=id74b32da930e493cb5665da47c7452af_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZToxNmRiNzY4ZjdkMjY0NTlhOGNhNDEyOTY3OTM5ZmQ4MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE2ZGI3NjhmN2QyNjQ1OWE4Y2E0MTI5Njc5MzlmZDgxXzktMy0xLTEtMzg5Nw_cc982ef5-6a47-4f5f-a8a5-8929315a4b11


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZToxNmRiNzY4ZjdkMjY0NTlhOGNhNDEyOTY3OTM5ZmQ4MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjE2ZGI3NjhmN2QyNjQ1OWE4Y2E0MTI5Njc5MzlmZDgxXzktNS0xLTEtMzg5Nw_64e08366-559a-440a-9e90-0fecca0c7b83


      contextRef=i21cdaae872d14040a9b6f1edde9792f6_D20210101-20210131
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmMxM2FjY2MxOWY3NDQ5YmU5MWIzN2ZjNDNlOGU3ZWEzXzEwOTk1MTE2NDg3Mjk_fd6987b5-20ef-4643-b4a0-e3ddb6bb9c86


      contextRef=i12db7a6db07b434ebe675edaaf8d2375_D20210401-20210430
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmMxM2FjY2MxOWY3NDQ5YmU5MWIzN2ZjNDNlOGU3ZWEzXzEwOTk1MTE2NDg3MjI_d4ac5e64-5dda-4ea8-8fab-626b4ae302e2


      contextRef=i6fb83ffdaa914f9e95fc99a95f4897ad_D20191007-20191007
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmMxM2FjY2MxOWY3NDQ5YmU5MWIzN2ZjNDNlOGU3ZWEzXzIwMjc_2d798f92-ac68-4713-9c92-7fe75722accc


      contextRef=i3db4b7d330884a958c394076ba86557b_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmMxM2FjY2MxOWY3NDQ5YmU5MWIzN2ZjNDNlOGU3ZWEzXzIwOTY_2c005e9c-8aa7-4b1a-83a6-5cf92e6da2c8


      contextRef=i3db4b7d330884a958c394076ba86557b_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmMxM2FjY2MxOWY3NDQ5YmU5MWIzN2ZjNDNlOGU3ZWEzXzIxNTU_9e5da589-ac0d-4f78-b61d-451fad56d8ce


      contextRef=ie9b6f74d249c41bc8f70d41d3c979df5_D20200301-20200331
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmMxM2FjY2MxOWY3NDQ5YmU5MWIzN2ZjNDNlOGU3ZWEzXzI1NDU_629ef5c4-3f3b-4e38-b66f-3ecd630370c7


      contextRef=i4382f77943d3491485c3ce7579c38fb3_D20200501-20200531
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmMxM2FjY2MxOWY3NDQ5YmU5MWIzN2ZjNDNlOGU3ZWEzXzMwNDE_b0b37a25-45ba-479a-9ce8-e645c1a897fa


      contextRef=i1d9613e89c594826a4d5221c1a3bfd7f_D20200601-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmMxM2FjY2MxOWY3NDQ5YmU5MWIzN2ZjNDNlOGU3ZWEzXzM1NDk_41842c1d-decd-4985-9552-b4b4d81e7012


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 excluding goodwill
 subject to amortization and intangible assets not subject to amortization:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.853%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:72.692%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.637%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.532%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.639%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;June 30
&lt;br/&gt;2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;June 30



856&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;184

432)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(116


462&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;(1) The gross carrying value of trademarks and trade names is reflected net of $93
273 of accumulated impairment charges as of both June&#160;30
 2021 and June&#160;30


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 excluding goodwill
 subject to amortization and intangible assets not subject to amortization:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.853%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:72.692%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.637%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.532%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.639%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;June 30
&lt;br/&gt;2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;June 30



856&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;184

432)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(116


462&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;(1) The gross carrying value of trademarks and trade names is reflected net of $93
273 of accumulated impairment charges as of both June&#160;30
 2021 and June&#160;30


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZTo2NjEyMzc2OWM0MTI0OGUwYThiZWY0OGY0ZDg4MWYxZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjY2MTIzNzY5YzQxMjQ4ZTBhOGJlZjQ4ZjRkODgxZjFlXzItMS0xLTEtMA_6e6a021d-b261-44d4-b88d-336c1a4e01de


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZTo2NjEyMzc2OWM0MTI0OGUwYThiZWY0OGY0ZDg4MWYxZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjY2MTIzNzY5YzQxMjQ4ZTBhOGJlZjQ4ZjRkODgxZjFlXzItMy0xLTEtMA_d77242ea-7ca0-4df9-bca7-c595b6546f9a


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZTo2NjEyMzc2OWM0MTI0OGUwYThiZWY0OGY0ZDg4MWYxZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjY2MTIzNzY5YzQxMjQ4ZTBhOGJlZjQ4ZjRkODgxZjFlXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_5c0f4fae-f19f-497d-88c8-4be6c31f71d9


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZTo2NjEyMzc2OWM0MTI0OGUwYThiZWY0OGY0ZDg4MWYxZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjY2MTIzNzY5YzQxMjQ4ZTBhOGJlZjQ4ZjRkODgxZjFlXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_30ea7fce-54d0-4af1-a7e6-939c96b3c117


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZTo2NjEyMzc2OWM0MTI0OGUwYThiZWY0OGY0ZDg4MWYxZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjY2MTIzNzY5YzQxMjQ4ZTBhOGJlZjQ4ZjRkODgxZjFlXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_c9ff4ead-566b-4423-871c-1dcffaf5d90d


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZTo2NjEyMzc2OWM0MTI0OGUwYThiZWY0OGY0ZDg4MWYxZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjY2MTIzNzY5YzQxMjQ4ZTBhOGJlZjQ4ZjRkODgxZjFlXzUtMy0xLTEtMA_1bc94b00-c21f-476f-b870-1d175791cb78


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZTo2NjEyMzc2OWM0MTI0OGUwYThiZWY0OGY0ZDg4MWYxZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjY2MTIzNzY5YzQxMjQ4ZTBhOGJlZjQ4ZjRkODgxZjFlXzYtMS0xLTEtMA_ba3090ef-e519-47b8-aaf3-fabe026dfeb5


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZTo2NjEyMzc2OWM0MTI0OGUwYThiZWY0OGY0ZDg4MWYxZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjY2MTIzNzY5YzQxMjQ4ZTBhOGJlZjQ4ZjRkODgxZjFlXzYtMy0xLTEtMA_366792e6-9734-4559-8fd1-49bda8665730


      contextRef=i39772af6045d46b0b2a1fd9dcb2a06a0_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmMxM2FjY2MxOWY3NDQ5YmU5MWIzN2ZjNDNlOGU3ZWEzXzQ2NzY_0959dde8-66c5-45ac-8c69-42b1a468fd77


      contextRef=i7474a496e1504552ad2b726c4fbfbd1d_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmMxM2FjY2MxOWY3NDQ5YmU5MWIzN2ZjNDNlOGU3ZWEzXzQ2NzY_5751246b-49c4-4603-a8ce-905dd747d46c


      contextRef=if6e9cbd19c724db68de679132d3f1913_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmMxM2FjY2MxOWY3NDQ5YmU5MWIzN2ZjNDNlOGU3ZWEzXzEwOTk1MTE2NDQ3NzQ_2b60f8a8-4f6a-490e-a40f-c48aabbc6654


      contextRef=i888b303ff33143b58c8c322ecfe72bb9_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmMxM2FjY2MxOWY3NDQ5YmU5MWIzN2ZjNDNlOGU3ZWEzXzEwOTk1MTE2NDQ3ODE_c2670e50-8b00-4dad-b575-8d53c6963be6


      contextRef=id40874751161420b9008876cf094eda5_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmMxM2FjY2MxOWY3NDQ5YmU5MWIzN2ZjNDNlOGU3ZWEzXzU0MzM_35c2de33-a44d-4ec6-a3aa-64b45e387773


      contextRef=ica73ce6a83e54356ba1f5f64a780b090_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmMxM2FjY2MxOWY3NDQ5YmU5MWIzN2ZjNDNlOGU3ZWEzXzEwOTk1MTE2NDg3NDU_eb856979-e47a-4225-9804-931c3142abb7


      contextRef=i0c114b499fb2453094b4fa03faeef230_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmMxM2FjY2MxOWY3NDQ5YmU5MWIzN2ZjNDNlOGU3ZWEzXzEwOTk1MTE2NDg3Mzc_ba7ce917-7f59-401f-a180-e1f91e39965e


      contextRef=i470a5271373249608df99cff3c66c462_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=ieb818f1d364b4a398814888dae95cabe_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630






      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZTpjY2JiNjllMmQ0ZWQ0MDc4OGVjOGVlNmI3OTIwNjgyNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNjYmI2OWUyZDRlZDQwNzg4ZWM4ZWU2Yjc5MjA2ODI3XzItMS0xLTEtMA_149adde1-1133-41f2-ae44-c722f53eca5f


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZTpjY2JiNjllMmQ0ZWQ0MDc4OGVjOGVlNmI3OTIwNjgyNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNjYmI2OWUyZDRlZDQwNzg4ZWM4ZWU2Yjc5MjA2ODI3XzItMy0xLTEtMA_945b7f9e-74a7-42c5-880a-fd6260a86613


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZTpjY2JiNjllMmQ0ZWQ0MDc4OGVjOGVlNmI3OTIwNjgyNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNjYmI2OWUyZDRlZDQwNzg4ZWM4ZWU2Yjc5MjA2ODI3XzItNS0xLTEtMA_add331ee-9d15-4e36-b1b8-2f6cf0447677


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630








      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZTpiODBjNjQ5NTljNjI0ZDQ2YmJiNDMzNDdkYTYxNTVmZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI4MGM2NDk1OWM2MjRkNDZiYmI0MzM0N2RhNjE1NWZlXzItMS0xLTEtMA_cda90121-17e1-47d0-a428-f0d7d092c264


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZTpiODBjNjQ5NTljNjI0ZDQ2YmJiNDMzNDdkYTYxNTVmZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI4MGM2NDk1OWM2MjRkNDZiYmI0MzM0N2RhNjE1NWZlXzItMy0xLTEtMA_c548d6c5-b561-47aa-a890-9f4cd04bd916


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZTpiODBjNjQ5NTljNjI0ZDQ2YmJiNDMzNDdkYTYxNTVmZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI4MGM2NDk1OWM2MjRkNDZiYmI0MzM0N2RhNjE1NWZlXzItNS0xLTEtMA_3a9032f7-0a23-47d1-bc36-4ce0e82d0f60


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZTpiODBjNjQ5NTljNjI0ZDQ2YmJiNDMzNDdkYTYxNTVmZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI4MGM2NDk1OWM2MjRkNDZiYmI0MzM0N2RhNjE1NWZlXzItNy0xLTEtMA_d0727fa8-910f-44df-bd67-eb4966454e7d


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNjYvZnJhZzpjMTNhY2NjMTlmNzQ0OWJlOTFiMzdmYzQzZThlN2VhMy90YWJsZTpiODBjNjQ5NTljNjI0ZDQ2YmJiNDMzNDdkYTYxNTVmZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmI4MGM2NDk1OWM2MjRkNDZiYmI0MzM0N2RhNjE1NWZlXzItOS0xLTEtMA_9f87fdb9-81b1-4e68-b2e3-add39149cbda


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;June 30
 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Payroll


544&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Facility
 freight and warehousing accruals&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;15
197&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;11

988&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;10

870&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;12

673&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;14




      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;June 30
 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Payroll


544&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Facility
 freight and warehousing accruals&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;15
197&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;11

988&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;10

870&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;12

673&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;14




      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;June 30
 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Payroll


544&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Facility
 freight and warehousing accruals&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;15
197&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;11

988&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;10

870&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;12

673&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;14




      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzIvZnJhZzpmMDlmYmZmYTVmNjI0ZWZiYTQwMmQ3YzIwMzE3ZmIyZS90YWJsZTo1N2VlNzg4MjQwYzA0MWViYjVmY2QwYjNlOTcwY2JkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3ZWU3ODgyNDBjMDQxZWJiNWZjZDBiM2U5NzBjYmQ1XzEtMS0xLTEtMA_bf065d88-6986-4674-a15e-073f8fe820ee


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzIvZnJhZzpmMDlmYmZmYTVmNjI0ZWZiYTQwMmQ3YzIwMzE3ZmIyZS90YWJsZTo1N2VlNzg4MjQwYzA0MWViYjVmY2QwYjNlOTcwY2JkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3ZWU3ODgyNDBjMDQxZWJiNWZjZDBiM2U5NzBjYmQ1XzEtMy0xLTEtMA_a64b081f-7d6f-4325-bc3b-563e56f27f10


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzIvZnJhZzpmMDlmYmZmYTVmNjI0ZWZiYTQwMmQ3YzIwMzE3ZmIyZS90YWJsZTo1N2VlNzg4MjQwYzA0MWViYjVmY2QwYjNlOTcwY2JkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3ZWU3ODgyNDBjMDQxZWJiNWZjZDBiM2U5NzBjYmQ1XzItMS0xLTEtMA_dfd7eae7-4ac1-4eca-b06d-fd3985f27057


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzIvZnJhZzpmMDlmYmZmYTVmNjI0ZWZiYTQwMmQ3YzIwMzE3ZmIyZS90YWJsZTo1N2VlNzg4MjQwYzA0MWViYjVmY2QwYjNlOTcwY2JkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3ZWU3ODgyNDBjMDQxZWJiNWZjZDBiM2U5NzBjYmQ1XzItMy0xLTEtMA_7b6eba2a-09f6-4db7-93b2-6dd14abbbe82


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzIvZnJhZzpmMDlmYmZmYTVmNjI0ZWZiYTQwMmQ3YzIwMzE3ZmIyZS90YWJsZTo1N2VlNzg4MjQwYzA0MWViYjVmY2QwYjNlOTcwY2JkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3ZWU3ODgyNDBjMDQxZWJiNWZjZDBiM2U5NzBjYmQ1XzMtMS0xLTEtMA_333c450e-1aa9-4335-83a5-49cbb54a4e87


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzIvZnJhZzpmMDlmYmZmYTVmNjI0ZWZiYTQwMmQ3YzIwMzE3ZmIyZS90YWJsZTo1N2VlNzg4MjQwYzA0MWViYjVmY2QwYjNlOTcwY2JkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3ZWU3ODgyNDBjMDQxZWJiNWZjZDBiM2U5NzBjYmQ1XzMtMy0xLTEtMA_0dec62b4-1544-40b5-828a-0510bc53e4c8


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzIvZnJhZzpmMDlmYmZmYTVmNjI0ZWZiYTQwMmQ3YzIwMzE3ZmIyZS90YWJsZTo1N2VlNzg4MjQwYzA0MWViYjVmY2QwYjNlOTcwY2JkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3ZWU3ODgyNDBjMDQxZWJiNWZjZDBiM2U5NzBjYmQ1XzQtMS0xLTEtNzM5Nw_0c903b4a-df40-43b9-b0c2-f4054447fc0b


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzIvZnJhZzpmMDlmYmZmYTVmNjI0ZWZiYTQwMmQ3YzIwMzE3ZmIyZS90YWJsZTo1N2VlNzg4MjQwYzA0MWViYjVmY2QwYjNlOTcwY2JkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3ZWU3ODgyNDBjMDQxZWJiNWZjZDBiM2U5NzBjYmQ1XzQtMy0xLTEtODYxMQ_0622f5ab-3752-463d-92ca-d26ec7553dac


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzIvZnJhZzpmMDlmYmZmYTVmNjI0ZWZiYTQwMmQ3YzIwMzE3ZmIyZS90YWJsZTo1N2VlNzg4MjQwYzA0MWViYjVmY2QwYjNlOTcwY2JkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3ZWU3ODgyNDBjMDQxZWJiNWZjZDBiM2U5NzBjYmQ1XzQtMS0xLTEtMA_79f7a23d-53c3-439d-8ad4-f16fe8708cb3


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzIvZnJhZzpmMDlmYmZmYTVmNjI0ZWZiYTQwMmQ3YzIwMzE3ZmIyZS90YWJsZTo1N2VlNzg4MjQwYzA0MWViYjVmY2QwYjNlOTcwY2JkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3ZWU3ODgyNDBjMDQxZWJiNWZjZDBiM2U5NzBjYmQ1XzQtMy0xLTEtMA_a839930e-919e-400e-8609-135ed8435774


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzIvZnJhZzpmMDlmYmZmYTVmNjI0ZWZiYTQwMmQ3YzIwMzE3ZmIyZS90YWJsZTo1N2VlNzg4MjQwYzA0MWViYjVmY2QwYjNlOTcwY2JkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3ZWU3ODgyNDBjMDQxZWJiNWZjZDBiM2U5NzBjYmQ1XzUtMS0xLTEtMA_0db8eff6-de83-43b7-8782-0e1f34432c07


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzIvZnJhZzpmMDlmYmZmYTVmNjI0ZWZiYTQwMmQ3YzIwMzE3ZmIyZS90YWJsZTo1N2VlNzg4MjQwYzA0MWViYjVmY2QwYjNlOTcwY2JkNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjU3ZWU3ODgyNDBjMDQxZWJiNWZjZDBiM2U5NzBjYmQ1XzUtMy0xLTEtMA_f1a3290f-ea6c-4ea2-abf8-6e766d438d46


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;June 30



022&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2
774&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;231
022&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;282

656&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Long-term debt





 2018
 the Company entered into the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the &#x201c;Credit Agreement&#x201d;). The Credit Agreement provides for a&#160;$1
000
000&#160;revolving credit facility through February 6
 2023 and provides for a&#160;$300
000&#160;term loan. Under the Credit Agreement
 the revolving credit facility may be increased by an additional uncommitted&#160;$400
000
 provided certain conditions are met.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Borrowings under the Credit Agreement may be used to provide working capital
 finance capital expenditures and permitted acquisitions
 refinance certain existing indebtedness and for other lawful corporate purposes. The Credit Agreement provides for multicurrency borrowings in Euros
 British Pounds Sterling and Canadian Dollars as well as other currencies which may be designated. In addition
 certain wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries of the Company may be designated as co-borrowers. The Credit Agreement contains restrictive covenants
 which are usual and customary for facilities of its type
 and include
 with specified exceptions
 limitations on the Company&#x2019;s ability to engage in certain business activities
 incur debt
 have liens
 make capital expenditures
 pay dividends or make other distributions
 enter into affiliate transactions
 consolidate
 merge or acquire or dispose of assets
 and make certain investments
 acquisitions and loans. The Credit Agreement also requires the Company to satisfy certain financial covenants. Obligations under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by certain existing and future domestic subsidiaries of the Company. As of June&#160;30
 2021
 there were $230
000 of borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit facility and $6
394 letters of credit outstanding under the Credit Agreement. During fiscal 2020
 the Company used the proceeds from the sale of Tilda
 net of transaction costs
 to prepay the entire principal amount of term loan outstanding under its credit facility and to partially pay down its revolving credit facility. In connection with the prepayment
 the Company wrote off unamortized deferred debt issuance costs of $973
 recorded in interest and other financing expense
 net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;On May 8
 2019
 the Company entered into the Third Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the &#x201c;Amended Credit Agreement&#x201d;)
 whereby
 among other things
 its allowable consolidated leverage ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and interest coverage ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) were adjusted. The Company&#x2019;s allowable consolidated leverage ratio was no more than 3.75 to 1.0 on September 30
 2020 and thereafter. Additionally
 the Company&#x2019;s required consolidated interest coverage ratio was no less than 3.75 to 1 through March 31
 2021 and no less than 4.0 to 1 thereafter.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The Amended Credit Agreement also required that the Company and the subsidiary guarantors enter into a Security and Pledge Agreement pursuant to which all of the obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement are secured by liens on assets of the Company and its material domestic subsidiaries
 including stock of each of their direct subsidiaries and intellectual property

 2021
 $763
606 &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;was available under the Amended Credit Agreement
 and the Company was in compliance with all associated covenants
 as amended by the Amended Credit Agreement.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The Amended Credit Agreement provides that loans will bear interest at rates based on (a) the Eurocurrency Rate
 as defined in the Credit Agreement
 plus a rate ranging from 0.88% to 2.50% per annum; or (b) the Base Rate
 as defined in the Credit Agreement
 plus a rate ranging from 0% to 1.50% per annum
 the relevant rate being the Applicable Rate. The Applicable Rate will be determined in accordance with a leverage-based pricing grid
 as set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement. Swing Line loans and Global Swing Line loans denominated in U.S. dollars will bear interest at the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate
 and Global Swing Line loans denominated in foreign currencies shall bear interest based on the overnight Eurocurrency Rate for loans denominated in such currency plus the Applicable Rate. The weighted average interest rate on outstanding borrowings under the Amended Credit Agreement at June&#160;30
 2021 was 1.09%. Additionally
 the Amended Credit Agreement contains a Commitment Fee
 as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement
 on the amount unused under the Amended Credit Agreement ranging from 0.20% to 0.45% per annum
 and such Commitment Fee is determined in accordance with a leverage-based pricing grid.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Maturities of all debt instruments at&#160;June&#160;30
 2021


022&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Interest paid during the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2021
 2020 and 2019 amounted to&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;$5
903&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;
 &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;$15

396&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;June 30



022&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;2
774&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;231
022&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;282

656&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Long-term debt






      contextRef=ibef9c0cd869b467da3db7d324ffb4ff5_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90YWJsZTo4ZDVkZGUyZmI2MjA0MmU2OWRhMTk4YmZhYTk5MTNiOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhkNWRkZTJmYjYyMDQyZTY5ZGExOThiZmFhOTkxM2I4XzEtMS0xLTEtMA_6868e494-e136-4f87-ac90-5561fb7cf694


      contextRef=ia449ea143e8a442e873128339640ce7e_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90YWJsZTo4ZDVkZGUyZmI2MjA0MmU2OWRhMTk4YmZhYTk5MTNiOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhkNWRkZTJmYjYyMDQyZTY5ZGExOThiZmFhOTkxM2I4XzEtMy0xLTEtMA_db10e07a-3bdb-484b-89b6-739da48d16bc


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90YWJsZTo4ZDVkZGUyZmI2MjA0MmU2OWRhMTk4YmZhYTk5MTNiOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhkNWRkZTJmYjYyMDQyZTY5ZGExOThiZmFhOTkxM2I4XzQtMS0xLTEtMA_fc85ae46-a42a-4f34-92c4-c2e280482716


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90YWJsZTo4ZDVkZGUyZmI2MjA0MmU2OWRhMTk4YmZhYTk5MTNiOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhkNWRkZTJmYjYyMDQyZTY5ZGExOThiZmFhOTkxM2I4XzQtMy0xLTEtMA_d610151d-9dba-4e90-9736-ac8861b6bdb3


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90YWJsZTo4ZDVkZGUyZmI2MjA0MmU2OWRhMTk4YmZhYTk5MTNiOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhkNWRkZTJmYjYyMDQyZTY5ZGExOThiZmFhOTkxM2I4XzUtMS0xLTEtMA_7d673418-6936-4ce6-a324-6481a15c7378


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90YWJsZTo4ZDVkZGUyZmI2MjA0MmU2OWRhMTk4YmZhYTk5MTNiOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhkNWRkZTJmYjYyMDQyZTY5ZGExOThiZmFhOTkxM2I4XzUtMy0xLTEtMA_3e6ee60a-f6f6-43f1-8092-5e4c53b7855b


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90YWJsZTo4ZDVkZGUyZmI2MjA0MmU2OWRhMTk4YmZhYTk5MTNiOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhkNWRkZTJmYjYyMDQyZTY5ZGExOThiZmFhOTkxM2I4XzYtMS0xLTEtMA_bf5b9130-4fd9-44fd-8bf8-f61cd138d969


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90YWJsZTo4ZDVkZGUyZmI2MjA0MmU2OWRhMTk4YmZhYTk5MTNiOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhkNWRkZTJmYjYyMDQyZTY5ZGExOThiZmFhOTkxM2I4XzYtMy0xLTEtMA_2ac26dcc-dfc0-4447-9fe9-43343b2d6793


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90YWJsZTo4ZDVkZGUyZmI2MjA0MmU2OWRhMTk4YmZhYTk5MTNiOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhkNWRkZTJmYjYyMDQyZTY5ZGExOThiZmFhOTkxM2I4XzctMS0xLTEtMA_8ea1f1ad-2345-494e-805d-1e84ff773a56


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90YWJsZTo4ZDVkZGUyZmI2MjA0MmU2OWRhMTk4YmZhYTk5MTNiOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhkNWRkZTJmYjYyMDQyZTY5ZGExOThiZmFhOTkxM2I4XzctMy0xLTEtMA_72136dd6-78b4-4ec8-a668-74f0f4449366


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmQ5NzdkN2I1NmU0MTRmMGE4MmVmNmU3YWI5Y2Q2MzgxXzEwOTk1MTE2MzMzMzU_f98caf42-5bb5-4213-8e89-251b5e5143e5


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmQ5NzdkN2I1NmU0MTRmMGE4MmVmNmU3YWI5Y2Q2MzgxXzEwOTk1MTE2MzMyMjU_cbc61070-f4e6-48fe-82b1-0b4435ca1c8e


      contextRef=i40243358cc504bdebcf8e0d58d19aa50_I20180206
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmQ5NzdkN2I1NmU0MTRmMGE4MmVmNmU3YWI5Y2Q2MzgxXzMyOTg1MzQ4ODg1MzQ_dc96d159-b6a8-463f-acc0-9c5a6c938cb2


      contextRef=i40243358cc504bdebcf8e0d58d19aa50_I20180206
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmQ5NzdkN2I1NmU0MTRmMGE4MmVmNmU3YWI5Y2Q2MzgxXzM2OA_a95750d5-a3d6-4246-9bb6-7d1fa165bf7c


      contextRef=i3976039b6676425a8602c6d6cd866257_I20180206
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmQ5NzdkN2I1NmU0MTRmMGE4MmVmNmU3YWI5Y2Q2MzgxXzMyOTg1MzQ4ODg1MzU_a34a7dd0-4184-4865-be59-07655b79699b


      contextRef=i3976039b6676425a8602c6d6cd866257_I20180206
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmQ5NzdkN2I1NmU0MTRmMGE4MmVmNmU3YWI5Y2Q2MzgxXzQ0MQ_c83df1c1-5edb-41b0-a349-26f2b5d49d85


      contextRef=i3976039b6676425a8602c6d6cd866257_I20180206
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmQ5NzdkN2I1NmU0MTRmMGE4MmVmNmU3YWI5Y2Q2MzgxXzMyOTg1MzQ4ODg1MzY_3054ba0d-80b0-43a8-af90-379c528c7edc


      contextRef=i3976039b6676425a8602c6d6cd866257_I20180206
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmQ5NzdkN2I1NmU0MTRmMGE4MmVmNmU3YWI5Y2Q2MzgxXzU1OQ_3aef55f7-8f08-4d66-9ab7-ec7c6147ed87


      contextRef=ibef9c0cd869b467da3db7d324ffb4ff5_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmQ5NzdkN2I1NmU0MTRmMGE4MmVmNmU3YWI5Y2Q2MzgxXzE3ODU_6868e494-e136-4f87-ac90-5561fb7cf694


      contextRef=ibef9c0cd869b467da3db7d324ffb4ff5_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmQ5NzdkN2I1NmU0MTRmMGE4MmVmNmU3YWI5Y2Q2MzgxXzMyOTg1MzQ4ODg1Mzc_f0e0bb49-ab74-4869-9fb6-054d01f5a2b7


      contextRef=if89cb6734b4e4115924d5697a374a6d5_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmQ5NzdkN2I1NmU0MTRmMGE4MmVmNmU3YWI5Y2Q2MzgxXzE4NTQ_37ac0cce-21a7-4262-855a-ca79d2c7872d


      contextRef=if89cb6734b4e4115924d5697a374a6d5_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmQ5NzdkN2I1NmU0MTRmMGE4MmVmNmU3YWI5Y2Q2MzgxXzMyOTg1MzQ4ODg1Mzg_5d361bb8-7d22-43b3-b0b2-d9547207f4da


      contextRef=iba9db9b1406d4891afb912ea96a60cbf_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmQ5NzdkN2I1NmU0MTRmMGE4MmVmNmU3YWI5Y2Q2MzgxXzIyNjI_c7555af4-7277-4ba0-a2f6-5a2f5ec34abb


      contextRef=iba9db9b1406d4891afb912ea96a60cbf_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmQ5NzdkN2I1NmU0MTRmMGE4MmVmNmU3YWI5Y2Q2MzgxXzMyOTg1MzQ4ODg1Mzk_cb62a846-6308-40e2-a779-0ae85889fa01


      contextRef=i1b45434bc2b04d18bc2b9afb66b804a6_D20200930-20210630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmQ5NzdkN2I1NmU0MTRmMGE4MmVmNmU3YWI5Y2Q2MzgxXzI5MjA_719f31b8-53c2-44f4-a10d-47cd4be582f4


      contextRef=i682f22b4af0b4d78a741e255b59183c8_D20200930-20210331
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmQ5NzdkN2I1NmU0MTRmMGE4MmVmNmU3YWI5Y2Q2MzgxXzMxMDM_7f3ee3cf-7a18-4a00-ab80-42763e806c70


      contextRef=i7da01293d8934ed58d2f5b97ffb834a9_D20210401-20210630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmQ5NzdkN2I1NmU0MTRmMGE4MmVmNmU3YWI5Y2Q2MzgxXzMxNTE_1c164551-509c-4d88-8092-dc71b3fa1a35


      contextRef=i515f310128cf4d378ad3066f9ad00a6d_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmQ5NzdkN2I1NmU0MTRmMGE4MmVmNmU3YWI5Y2Q2MzgxXzM1OTM_15ba470f-e833-44a6-aabf-2f849faf0b79


      contextRef=icbd287dc3c8b40aeb1300862f5d6b7a1_D20180206-20180206
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmQ5NzdkN2I1NmU0MTRmMGE4MmVmNmU3YWI5Y2Q2MzgxXzEwOTk1MTE2MzI5NTU_95e2f6c1-48bd-474c-94f3-b95f59ada4b0


      contextRef=i5821f9c081a94b4caed0b76c165c340a_D20180206-20180206
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmQ5NzdkN2I1NmU0MTRmMGE4MmVmNmU3YWI5Y2Q2MzgxXzEwOTk1MTE2MzI5NTk_ca5af03b-d775-4ed9-b6ec-bde2fe9f3e60


      contextRef=i307b782ee51f4d7f975a8d919354c47d_D20180206-20180206
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmQ5NzdkN2I1NmU0MTRmMGE4MmVmNmU3YWI5Y2Q2MzgxXzMyOTg1MzQ4ODg4OTQ_a1e1c65a-8483-4b61-bc11-ef47ef026524


      contextRef=i329b59fe575446bf8433850bb1251d95_D20180206-20180206
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmQ5NzdkN2I1NmU0MTRmMGE4MmVmNmU3YWI5Y2Q2MzgxXzEwOTk1MTE2MzI5Njc_69d29c46-26c5-4f60-9a15-c6d8b4278b0e


      contextRef=i515f310128cf4d378ad3066f9ad00a6d_I20210630
      decimals=4
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmQ5NzdkN2I1NmU0MTRmMGE4MmVmNmU3YWI5Y2Q2MzgxXzEwOTk1MTE2MzI5Mzg_57ea3dc1-1dd7-492c-8a6e-69390ead35fe


      contextRef=ibc7c5f6660fe410382dc27b299f7da60_D20180206-20180206
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmQ5NzdkN2I1NmU0MTRmMGE4MmVmNmU3YWI5Y2Q2MzgxXzEwOTk1MTE2MzI5NDI_22716084-c8e9-4233-a030-05274ebb2c09


      contextRef=ie980368ddb564cd4822511d1d9ef0b7c_D20180206-20180206
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmQ5NzdkN2I1NmU0MTRmMGE4MmVmNmU3YWI5Y2Q2MzgxXzEwOTk1MTE2MzI5NDk_d4675e58-cb38-4471-a468-3533012902f7


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 2021




      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90YWJsZTplNDg5ZjcxOGFmNGY0MWU1OGJiYWU1OTM0ZmM3ZDhlNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmU0ODlmNzE4YWY0ZjQxZTU4YmJhZTU5MzRmYzdkOGU3XzEtMi0xLTEtMA_d9c87eb8-b433-40f2-a093-e4adaee7f204


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90YWJsZTplNDg5ZjcxOGFmNGY0MWU1OGJiYWU1OTM0ZmM3ZDhlNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmU0ODlmNzE4YWY0ZjQxZTU4YmJhZTU5MzRmYzdkOGU3XzItMi0xLTEtMA_b8a86ba9-475b-482c-a3b2-058479d0ffd8


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90YWJsZTplNDg5ZjcxOGFmNGY0MWU1OGJiYWU1OTM0ZmM3ZDhlNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmU0ODlmNzE4YWY0ZjQxZTU4YmJhZTU5MzRmYzdkOGU3XzMtMi0xLTEtMA_8fc2eaf5-b5ce-4fd0-a293-821a44a0fe4d


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90YWJsZTplNDg5ZjcxOGFmNGY0MWU1OGJiYWU1OTM0ZmM3ZDhlNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmU0ODlmNzE4YWY0ZjQxZTU4YmJhZTU5MzRmYzdkOGU3XzQtMi0xLTEtMA_bfa24b7d-1f9e-482a-b981-8a48d95849a4


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90YWJsZTplNDg5ZjcxOGFmNGY0MWU1OGJiYWU1OTM0ZmM3ZDhlNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmU0ODlmNzE4YWY0ZjQxZTU4YmJhZTU5MzRmYzdkOGU3XzUtMi0xLTEtMA_3bb9d987-da42-4b51-aa30-9d15a830f68c


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90YWJsZTplNDg5ZjcxOGFmNGY0MWU1OGJiYWU1OTM0ZmM3ZDhlNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmU0ODlmNzE4YWY0ZjQxZTU4YmJhZTU5MzRmYzdkOGU3XzYtMi0xLTEtMA_1d8a3dd6-23d2-4d03-8f2a-e08c0e5c8cc8


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90YWJsZTplNDg5ZjcxOGFmNGY0MWU1OGJiYWU1OTM0ZmM3ZDhlNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmU0ODlmNzE4YWY0ZjQxZTU4YmJhZTU5MzRmYzdkOGU3XzctMi0xLTEtMA_c85a2b4a-4103-4ff9-8a31-75dd45c94571


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmQ5NzdkN2I1NmU0MTRmMGE4MmVmNmU3YWI5Y2Q2MzgxXzUwOTE_548b03ec-d87d-4139-9d5f-806bdb2581b5


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmQ5NzdkN2I1NmU0MTRmMGE4MmVmNmU3YWI5Y2Q2MzgxXzUwOTU_e384deb0-10f3-4c5d-9210-081531ce5e54


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xNzUvZnJhZzpkOTc3ZDdiNTZlNDE0ZjBhODJlZjZlN2FiOWNkNjM4MS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmQ5NzdkN2I1NmU0MTRmMGE4MmVmNmU3YWI5Y2Q2MzgxXzUxMDI_218da406-0048-470c-9c77-4a8b0725f90a


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630





578&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;63
167&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;64









253&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;14
021&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;16
075&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;31
231&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(29
955)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;20

266&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;33
007&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(21

064)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3
414&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1


356)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;9
862&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;36
160&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(23



232)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:112%&gt;For the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2021
 the Company received net tax refunds of $32
998 including a $53
817 tax loss carryback claim under the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief
 and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act) which allowed for
 among other provisions
 a five-year carryback of net operating losses (&#x201c;NOLs&#x201d;) for 2018-2020 offset by taxes paid in other jurisdictions.  Cash paid for income taxes
 net of (refunds)
 during the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2020 and 2019 amounted to $16
162 and $22
535





 net of federal (benefit) provision&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1






















 2021.  This positive evidence
 in addition to other positive evidence
 resulted in the Company releasing the valuation allowance on its state deferred assets of $9
774. Further
 there was a release of a valuation allowance of $1
600 related to Danival; an increase in the valuation allowance of $5
051 related to the UK rate change; and a valuation allowance increase of $402 related to capital leases.  &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:112%&gt;(b) On July 22
 2020
 the U.K. enacted into law a tax rate increase from 17% to 19%. On June 10
 2021
 the U.K. enacted an increase in the corporate income tax rate to 25% effective April 1
 2023. The rate change impact is primarily for the re-measurement of deferred tax liabilities on indefinite lived intangible assets.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:112%&gt;(c) On December 22
 2017
 the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act) included a provision to tax previously untaxed foreign earnings (&#x201c;transition tax&#x201d;). During fiscal year 2019
 the Company recorded $6
834 of tax expense upon finalizing its analysis of the impact from the Tax Act. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:112%&gt;(d) The Company carried back NOLs generated in the June 30
 2019 tax year for five years
 resulting in an income tax benefit of $18
949. The $18
949 income tax benefit represents the federal rate differential between 35% and 21%. In addition
 there was an indirect tax benefit of $6
719 related to discontinued operations due to the CARES Act. Accordingly
 the gross benefit recorded under the CARES Act in fiscal 2020 was $25
668 prior to the reserve under ASC 740-10. In fiscal 2021
 the Company received the full refund with interest
 with the net adjustment resulting in a benefit of $1
116.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:112%&gt;With the effective date of January 1
 2018
 the Tax Act also introduced a provision to tax global intangible low-taxed income (&#x201c;GILTI&#x201d;) of foreign subsidiaries and a measure to tax certain intercompany payments under the base erosion anti-abuse tax &#x201c;BEAT&#x201d; regime.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:112%&gt; For the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020


 2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;June 30



261&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;21

482)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(76

643)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(2

792&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1

960&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;34

797&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1

172)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1

165&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;14

971)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(12

048&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;4

453)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(41
941)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:27pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Noncurrent deferred tax liabilities


787)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;(1) Includes $154 and $62 of non-current deferred tax assets included within Other Assets on the June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020 Consolidated Balance Sheets
 respectively.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;At June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020
 the Company had U.S. federal NOL carryforwards of approximately $59
514 and &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;$19
141&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;
 respectively


587&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt; at June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020
 respectively
 the majority of which are indefinite lived.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:112%&gt;The Company historically considered the undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested and as a result has not provided for taxes on such earnings. To achieve its cash management objectives
 during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020
 the Company reversed its reinvestment assertion on $93
359 of foreign earnings and recorded a deferred tax liability of $1
212. For the year ended June 30
 2021
 the Company represents that $116
895 of foreign earnings are not permanently reinvested with a corresponding deferred tax liability of $1
172. The Company continues to reinvest $732

 the Company evaluates the realizability of deferred tax assets on a jurisdictional basis at each reporting date. Accounting for income taxes requires that a valuation allowance be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. In circumstances where there is sufficient negative evidence indicating that the deferred tax assets are not more likely than not realizable
 the Company establishes a valuation allowance. T&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:112%&gt;he Company has recorded valuation allowances in the amounts of $37
453 and $41
941 at June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020
 respectively&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:112%&gt;. During fiscal 2019
 the Company recorded a partial valuation allowance against state deferred tax assets and state net operating loss carryforwards as it is not more likely than not that the state tax attributes will be realized. As mentioned above




601&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;7




941&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Unrecognized tax benefits activity
 including interest and penalties
 is summarized below: &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.707%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:58.137%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.216%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.706%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.216%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.706%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.219%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Fiscal Year Ended June 30




045&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;8
499&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5




869&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;As of June&#160;30
 2021


 of which $19
058 represents an amount that
 if recognized
 would impact the effective tax rate in future periods.  As of June&#160;30
 2020
 the Company had &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;$20
899&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt; of unrecognized tax benefits
 of which &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;$17
087&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt; represents the amount that
 if recognized
 would impact the effective tax rate in future periods. As of June&#160;30
 2019&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;
 the C&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;ompany had $11
869 of unrecognized tax benefits of which $8
057 would impact the effective income tax rate in future periods. Accrued liabilities for interest and penalties w&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;ere $2
549 a&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;nd $2
166 at June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020
 respectively. Interest and penalties (expense and/or benefit) are recorded as a component of the provision (benefit) for income taxes in the consolidated financial statements.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction
 various U.S. state jurisdictions and several foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions
 the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal
 state and local
 or non-U.S. income tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to fiscal 2014. However
 to the extent we generated NOLs or tax credits in closed tax years

 a current estimate of the range of reasonably possible significant increases or decreases of income tax that may occur within the next twelve months cannot be made. Although there are various tax audits &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;currently ongoing


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630





578&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;63
167&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;64





      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTpjNjE2ODA1MWI1ZjU0MGViYTUzOTY3ZjliZDU1OWJkMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM2MTY4MDUxYjVmNTQwZWJhNTM5NjdmOWJkNTU5YmQzXzItMS0xLTEtMA_fb239ea2-6110-40a8-b698-e40eb746f8e8


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTpjNjE2ODA1MWI1ZjU0MGViYTUzOTY3ZjliZDU1OWJkMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM2MTY4MDUxYjVmNTQwZWJhNTM5NjdmOWJkNTU5YmQzXzItMy0xLTEtMA_9973d193-392a-4ba6-b625-7ee1df3ff025


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTpjNjE2ODA1MWI1ZjU0MGViYTUzOTY3ZjliZDU1OWJkMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM2MTY4MDUxYjVmNTQwZWJhNTM5NjdmOWJkNTU5YmQzXzItNS0xLTEtMA_8e1568c2-08df-46e2-8ec5-1a8bf16af9fa


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTpjNjE2ODA1MWI1ZjU0MGViYTUzOTY3ZjliZDU1OWJkMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM2MTY4MDUxYjVmNTQwZWJhNTM5NjdmOWJkNTU5YmQzXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_374a011d-ec44-483f-9f96-62ea270c91ae


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTpjNjE2ODA1MWI1ZjU0MGViYTUzOTY3ZjliZDU1OWJkMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM2MTY4MDUxYjVmNTQwZWJhNTM5NjdmOWJkNTU5YmQzXzMtMy0xLTEtMA_c18eac11-ec9f-4aa3-a013-72d563c5e3dc


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTpjNjE2ODA1MWI1ZjU0MGViYTUzOTY3ZjliZDU1OWJkMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM2MTY4MDUxYjVmNTQwZWJhNTM5NjdmOWJkNTU5YmQzXzMtNS0xLTEtMA_3a15a63a-616d-4380-83b1-5da3ae69fe49


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTpjNjE2ODA1MWI1ZjU0MGViYTUzOTY3ZjliZDU1OWJkMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM2MTY4MDUxYjVmNTQwZWJhNTM5NjdmOWJkNTU5YmQzXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_bb2100fc-fcfc-4389-aec5-f4c1513cdd49


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTpjNjE2ODA1MWI1ZjU0MGViYTUzOTY3ZjliZDU1OWJkMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM2MTY4MDUxYjVmNTQwZWJhNTM5NjdmOWJkNTU5YmQzXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_25141e66-e59c-4d8e-b30b-f6b042b96398


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTpjNjE2ODA1MWI1ZjU0MGViYTUzOTY3ZjliZDU1OWJkMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM2MTY4MDUxYjVmNTQwZWJhNTM5NjdmOWJkNTU5YmQzXzQtNS0xLTEtMA_9cef92c3-4618-41e9-b7c7-e8264039d972


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630






253&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;14
021&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;16
075&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;31
231&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(29
955)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;20

266&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;33
007&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(21

064)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;3
414&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1


356)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;9
862&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;36
160&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(23





      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowOWMyYjUwOTg5MzI0ZmJmOGI1MTgxMjY0YTQ0YWM2Yy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA5YzJiNTA5ODkzMjRmYmY4YjUxODEyNjRhNDRhYzZjXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_26d3fb9f-f801-4181-af5b-15b222754f72


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowOWMyYjUwOTg5MzI0ZmJmOGI1MTgxMjY0YTQ0YWM2Yy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA5YzJiNTA5ODkzMjRmYmY4YjUxODEyNjRhNDRhYzZjXzMtMy0xLTEtMA_cfb1e257-00ba-4c6d-b758-d5fec8a8352f


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowOWMyYjUwOTg5MzI0ZmJmOGI1MTgxMjY0YTQ0YWM2Yy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA5YzJiNTA5ODkzMjRmYmY4YjUxODEyNjRhNDRhYzZjXzMtNS0xLTEtMA_364ebd82-cdbb-4b85-961c-0bc7ed84c66a


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowOWMyYjUwOTg5MzI0ZmJmOGI1MTgxMjY0YTQ0YWM2Yy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA5YzJiNTA5ODkzMjRmYmY4YjUxODEyNjRhNDRhYzZjXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_facd258b-1ee5-4795-8064-26a849bd0b5f


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowOWMyYjUwOTg5MzI0ZmJmOGI1MTgxMjY0YTQ0YWM2Yy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA5YzJiNTA5ODkzMjRmYmY4YjUxODEyNjRhNDRhYzZjXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_7cd8dcad-adfc-4bc8-b5dc-c51ead9bea98


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowOWMyYjUwOTg5MzI0ZmJmOGI1MTgxMjY0YTQ0YWM2Yy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA5YzJiNTA5ODkzMjRmYmY4YjUxODEyNjRhNDRhYzZjXzQtNS0xLTEtMA_eea0be66-b5b3-4497-b816-f8b3b73fd868


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowOWMyYjUwOTg5MzI0ZmJmOGI1MTgxMjY0YTQ0YWM2Yy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA5YzJiNTA5ODkzMjRmYmY4YjUxODEyNjRhNDRhYzZjXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_8cf7bec2-beed-4988-8114-27bff5450356


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowOWMyYjUwOTg5MzI0ZmJmOGI1MTgxMjY0YTQ0YWM2Yy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA5YzJiNTA5ODkzMjRmYmY4YjUxODEyNjRhNDRhYzZjXzUtMy0xLTEtMA_780ec3bc-3be7-4107-b6f2-e62fc7656bb2


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowOWMyYjUwOTg5MzI0ZmJmOGI1MTgxMjY0YTQ0YWM2Yy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA5YzJiNTA5ODkzMjRmYmY4YjUxODEyNjRhNDRhYzZjXzUtNS0xLTEtMA_e95458dd-f4d7-447a-b4a2-5a99fb3c7d7c


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowOWMyYjUwOTg5MzI0ZmJmOGI1MTgxMjY0YTQ0YWM2Yy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA5YzJiNTA5ODkzMjRmYmY4YjUxODEyNjRhNDRhYzZjXzYtMS0xLTEtMA_02e9b95d-a61b-46a2-b1a5-4a6aa2767993


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowOWMyYjUwOTg5MzI0ZmJmOGI1MTgxMjY0YTQ0YWM2Yy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA5YzJiNTA5ODkzMjRmYmY4YjUxODEyNjRhNDRhYzZjXzYtMy0xLTEtMA_ed413653-5404-4c9d-8756-1bf2515d1d87


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowOWMyYjUwOTg5MzI0ZmJmOGI1MTgxMjY0YTQ0YWM2Yy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA5YzJiNTA5ODkzMjRmYmY4YjUxODEyNjRhNDRhYzZjXzYtNS0xLTEtMA_5128e605-f848-4620-98c9-f563204f59b2


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowOWMyYjUwOTg5MzI0ZmJmOGI1MTgxMjY0YTQ0YWM2Yy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA5YzJiNTA5ODkzMjRmYmY4YjUxODEyNjRhNDRhYzZjXzgtMS0xLTEtMA_d6524447-faac-4e0e-80cb-823ef033266f


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowOWMyYjUwOTg5MzI0ZmJmOGI1MTgxMjY0YTQ0YWM2Yy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA5YzJiNTA5ODkzMjRmYmY4YjUxODEyNjRhNDRhYzZjXzgtMy0xLTEtMA_bca4be26-e274-46f9-bbce-7fb4a9d021e7


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowOWMyYjUwOTg5MzI0ZmJmOGI1MTgxMjY0YTQ0YWM2Yy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA5YzJiNTA5ODkzMjRmYmY4YjUxODEyNjRhNDRhYzZjXzgtNS0xLTEtMA_77db3349-bcec-42e2-a618-e58175490801


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowOWMyYjUwOTg5MzI0ZmJmOGI1MTgxMjY0YTQ0YWM2Yy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA5YzJiNTA5ODkzMjRmYmY4YjUxODEyNjRhNDRhYzZjXzktMS0xLTEtMA_223e62d7-5fab-4936-a63d-b2de0d00a2ca


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowOWMyYjUwOTg5MzI0ZmJmOGI1MTgxMjY0YTQ0YWM2Yy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA5YzJiNTA5ODkzMjRmYmY4YjUxODEyNjRhNDRhYzZjXzktMy0xLTEtMA_41d367a0-9575-424d-ab9d-e7aecb49f93e


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowOWMyYjUwOTg5MzI0ZmJmOGI1MTgxMjY0YTQ0YWM2Yy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA5YzJiNTA5ODkzMjRmYmY4YjUxODEyNjRhNDRhYzZjXzktNS0xLTEtMA_8ccc3424-5cf6-44ab-bcb1-7f3b7f0b452b


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowOWMyYjUwOTg5MzI0ZmJmOGI1MTgxMjY0YTQ0YWM2Yy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA5YzJiNTA5ODkzMjRmYmY4YjUxODEyNjRhNDRhYzZjXzEwLTEtMS0xLTA_df21e964-30b7-4a3c-b294-eebe8ce9eb8d


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowOWMyYjUwOTg5MzI0ZmJmOGI1MTgxMjY0YTQ0YWM2Yy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA5YzJiNTA5ODkzMjRmYmY4YjUxODEyNjRhNDRhYzZjXzEwLTMtMS0xLTA_5e3b3e1d-eb7f-42b8-ad9e-cc3d160867b7


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowOWMyYjUwOTg5MzI0ZmJmOGI1MTgxMjY0YTQ0YWM2Yy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA5YzJiNTA5ODkzMjRmYmY4YjUxODEyNjRhNDRhYzZjXzEwLTUtMS0xLTA_818c1e26-9958-4522-98f7-afec7b4bb462


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowOWMyYjUwOTg5MzI0ZmJmOGI1MTgxMjY0YTQ0YWM2Yy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA5YzJiNTA5ODkzMjRmYmY4YjUxODEyNjRhNDRhYzZjXzExLTEtMS0xLTA_4aa884b3-b4f5-426b-a44b-5823a4b43879


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowOWMyYjUwOTg5MzI0ZmJmOGI1MTgxMjY0YTQ0YWM2Yy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA5YzJiNTA5ODkzMjRmYmY4YjUxODEyNjRhNDRhYzZjXzExLTMtMS0xLTA_0df68174-1803-4727-9a9a-db3340e32bb5


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowOWMyYjUwOTg5MzI0ZmJmOGI1MTgxMjY0YTQ0YWM2Yy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA5YzJiNTA5ODkzMjRmYmY4YjUxODEyNjRhNDRhYzZjXzExLTUtMS0xLTA_8cf7eebd-6cd2-49c8-b7e4-8a9f6388a0b4


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowOWMyYjUwOTg5MzI0ZmJmOGI1MTgxMjY0YTQ0YWM2Yy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA5YzJiNTA5ODkzMjRmYmY4YjUxODEyNjRhNDRhYzZjXzEyLTEtMS0xLTA_618f8098-0528-4410-a94c-1026fa95b89f


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowOWMyYjUwOTg5MzI0ZmJmOGI1MTgxMjY0YTQ0YWM2Yy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA5YzJiNTA5ODkzMjRmYmY4YjUxODEyNjRhNDRhYzZjXzEyLTMtMS0xLTA_3bae4e30-e081-42ca-9e3d-8049ed6d9fe7


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowOWMyYjUwOTg5MzI0ZmJmOGI1MTgxMjY0YTQ0YWM2Yy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA5YzJiNTA5ODkzMjRmYmY4YjUxODEyNjRhNDRhYzZjXzEyLTUtMS0xLTA_fd047617-f27e-4149-823b-4600c0ee8701


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzM0NQ_b339573e-fe7e-4589-97a1-9a3678377bc5


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzMyOTg1MzQ5MDc1MjI_c268ecf8-470b-44b4-905e-bb6a9de990df


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzQ0OA_4e5992b8-ef7f-49d5-9bfd-b36b11b091ae


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzQ1NQ_8da12377-fb73-4ca0-9f96-9dbbb347ff6c


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630





 net of federal (benefit) provision&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1






















 2021.  This positive evidence
 in addition to other positive evidence
 resulted in the Company releasing the valuation allowance on its state deferred assets of $9
774. Further
 there was a release of a valuation allowance of $1
600 related to Danival; an increase in the valuation allowance of $5
051 related to the UK rate change; and a valuation allowance increase of $402 related to capital leases.  &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:112%&gt;(b) On July 22
 2020
 the U.K. enacted into law a tax rate increase from 17% to 19%. On June 10
 2021
 the U.K. enacted an increase in the corporate income tax rate to 25% effective April 1
 2023. The rate change impact is primarily for the re-measurement of deferred tax liabilities on indefinite lived intangible assets.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:112%&gt;(c) On December 22
 2017
 the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act) included a provision to tax previously untaxed foreign earnings (&#x201c;transition tax&#x201d;). During fiscal year 2019
 the Company recorded $6
834 of tax expense upon finalizing its analysis of the impact from the Tax Act. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:112%&gt;(d) The Company carried back NOLs generated in the June 30
 2019 tax year for five years
 resulting in an income tax benefit of $18
949. The $18
949 income tax benefit represents the federal rate differential between 35% and 21%. In addition
 there was an indirect tax benefit of $6
719 related to discontinued operations due to the CARES Act. Accordingly
 the gross benefit recorded under the CARES Act in fiscal 2020 was $25
668 prior to the reserve under ASC 740-10. In fiscal 2021
 the Company received the full refund with interest
 with the net adjustment resulting in a benefit of $1


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzItMS0xLTEtMA_fe7cbc9e-c7a5-4cef-9707-e2184c266ad6


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzItMy0xLTEtMA_83fb3624-a03a-4afd-9230-8176c5d5d9f5


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzItNS0xLTEtMA_44a91236-d99c-4bfb-b346-f0dd3cc5ed11


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzItNy0xLTEtMA_beb5aa9d-1bc9-4115-83e0-17445b041b56


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzItOS0xLTEtMA_040d9e43-91c5-4414-b7b7-dfe26112e5ea


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzItMTEtMS0xLTA_4d6e3977-1faa-4eab-b91b-b76dca9e88bd


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzMtMS0xLTEtMA_34af06f3-d9bd-40a0-a512-cf5cf90686bc


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzMtMy0xLTEtMA_45bf7b81-3fe9-4154-a5e1-82c571f20e95


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzMtNS0xLTEtMA_5297561d-4372-40af-b3a5-aa009afa6c47


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzMtNy0xLTEtMA_e80f191f-c3f9-4448-84b0-caab36e70ac9


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzMtOS0xLTEtMA_4714ad91-48d9-448d-8a73-5d65577f1a1e


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzMtMTEtMS0xLTA_a46ac209-98c5-41bc-92cc-669d8b3ed906


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzUtMS0xLTEtMA_e89852e5-4fda-44b9-8d6e-973ee522c987


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzUtMy0xLTEtMA_5ee08c65-01ca-4976-839c-370732b3022c


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzUtNS0xLTEtMA_a2d7cebf-94fb-4e5b-8d9d-32462c7ced48


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzUtNy0xLTEtMA_9f6e8fa0-f4f6-4a2a-9367-0a8ea4d69ab0


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzUtOS0xLTEtMA_7f223184-e048-4d03-960b-bcec87a1803d


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzUtMTEtMS0xLTA_c44f72fc-213d-4cec-87c9-f467b0dd47e2


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzYtMS0xLTEtMA_8e208cbd-0373-49d4-a8e1-dcc0a99baf30


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzYtMy0xLTEtMA_1840a546-be91-49a0-86a7-cd55c594e1f1


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzYtNS0xLTEtMA_9acda226-d877-465c-9148-b37e2b094bd3


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzYtNy0xLTEtMA_ef6c9d82-6f96-40a6-bbe8-0f33df3b1c2a


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzYtOS0xLTEtMA_1910baac-e695-4416-9cae-dc9145293aaa


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzYtMTEtMS0xLTA_846a5207-5314-417f-8927-7af7ceef3557


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzctMS0xLTEtMA_587f340e-fc0a-4636-bd8e-ae1d1c584148


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzctMy0xLTEtMA_bb7ce85a-02e8-468e-ae53-43df1ff978c6


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzctNS0xLTEtMA_8889e7c3-dc64-4872-83ef-82fd01cf8e5c


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzctNy0xLTEtMA_fb51b60b-f277-4870-8324-4e9aba624331


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzctOS0xLTEtMA_5c542bca-000c-4700-a477-1293e49f7c3a


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzctMTEtMS0xLTA_29653635-43cb-46ef-a7ec-7b354828d5be


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzktMS0xLTEtMA_b8c53779-8685-4675-a4e6-17b248e083bf


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzktMy0xLTEtMA_43f52226-e018-4050-8ff1-d9e8d36b1229


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzktNS0xLTEtMA_72bae814-d529-4208-af8f-8558948e6410


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzktNy0xLTEtMA_cd7b69b5-327f-4f56-8e24-d89596c80f28


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzktOS0xLTEtMA_8dec1f4c-a528-4b10-addb-50aa9ee6cda7


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzktMTEtMS0xLTA_cdc4f4d7-b22b-4b1c-ae9b-38395d32112c


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzEwLTEtMS0xLTYxMDQ_e0df2fd1-6a78-43e5-bf20-0675159418ab


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzEwLTMtMS0xLTYxMTg_75c8b63f-dcdc-44e1-8be3-aee2cf84b7a1


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzEwLTUtMS0xLTg2NjY_2838ad7f-b421-4560-8169-9a8c6b38e823


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzEwLTctMS0xLTg2NzY_7dc3ca8d-9a16-4967-8011-69c46e40cf82


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzEwLTktMS0xLTg2Njg_6b2cbdc1-b244-465f-81d8-af5319f8312b


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzEwLTExLTEtMS04Njc4_1707bafc-fa31-41c4-a968-be94073fdf63


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzExLTEtMS0xLTYxMDc_7cd57ccb-100d-4f06-887f-98123d368b0e


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzExLTMtMS0xLTYxMjI_fe3eb9f1-1139-42b3-be8a-450d2384ac6d


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzExLTUtMS0xLTg2NzA_14513ffb-0dcb-40cc-872b-d2db4fda3016


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzExLTctMS0xLTg2ODA_7abd9d6a-8a21-4129-948c-1f5de33bec23


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzExLTktMS0xLTg2NzI_d8999121-6579-4285-b099-dc9a6b58116f


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzExLTExLTEtMS04Njgy_a53f26d5-5f9c-4f47-9992-0709d371b391


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzEwLTEtMS0xLTA_5009ec0a-6c30-433a-b956-e1ec89a8094f


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzEwLTMtMS0xLTA_433881af-e453-4568-adcf-384d94558180


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzEwLTUtMS0xLTA_5e9b41cb-c350-4f18-94ca-bb5eb86c97f5


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzEwLTctMS0xLTA_6c56a1c2-28d0-48b9-a83e-9ba38a221038
      unitRef=number


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzEwLTktMS0xLTA_413b6399-e195-4c52-a506-65166f47caba


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzEwLTExLTEtMS0w_4e97f28c-2c43-4d68-8290-69f320fb2953


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzEyLTEtMS0xLTA_e8246b98-0129-4863-9241-55b39047058c


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzEyLTMtMS0xLTA_8be6e273-63c0-49c7-90ee-fd0fea0a88ce


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzEyLTUtMS0xLTA_da2cc24b-20f8-4e7f-abb4-d31128e848d4


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzEyLTctMS0xLTA_5d622f81-c067-4c99-8b78-7753a814548b


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzEyLTktMS0xLTA_e319999e-b692-4458-bea7-3df25fab8243


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzEyLTExLTEtMS0w_009727f0-170e-4a3e-834d-8e8d9dab4c39


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzE0LTEtMS0xLTA_2af51328-c19a-4251-aff2-66c28211318a


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzE0LTMtMS0xLTA_5872cb3c-ebaa-4156-8561-9f6a06b15293


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzE0LTUtMS0xLTA_74b03292-42ce-4e42-bcc5-7d6fd0cb4cb5


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzE0LTctMS0xLTA_1f0c6108-23f7-427d-abda-9e1b337f17bb


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzE0LTktMS0xLTA_34a2ae5e-d415-44f6-9ba7-2f7b5d546446


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzE0LTExLTEtMS0w_c99e11f3-300f-42e1-9c2b-fa68cfdb19ec


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzE1LTEtMS0xLTA_9d6c8b41-9f14-4451-8333-58935591b9ac


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzE1LTMtMS0xLTA_b73628c9-226f-46f0-b43b-e163b6d329eb


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzE1LTUtMS0xLTA_ed03be54-0f19-452a-a457-e965768d8247


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzE1LTctMS0xLTA_4b579bf0-3061-4b0e-b06d-848134f8d331


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzE1LTktMS0xLTA_ba8716bf-ce0a-4e0a-8feb-78f95f8c5065


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzE1LTExLTEtMS0w_683cee8b-fcc0-484a-90c1-75174a1f6c4a


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzE2LTEtMS0xLTA_a77adc15-7ba1-4a51-8c79-1a3530f81b53


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzE2LTMtMS0xLTA_21a9f2ff-977f-46d2-bea5-64b8bfc09930


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzE2LTUtMS0xLTA_be6f9525-ffe2-4631-9dbc-438e390c7194


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzE2LTctMS0xLTA_fd2d3b75-1f08-46a0-9beb-c5a5c4e22d45


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzE2LTktMS0xLTA_9431587f-71a9-456c-86ab-a03da15f0a4a


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTo0ZGFiZDljNDIzOTk0MzZkOGExM2NiMGM3ZDcyYzY2OS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkYWJkOWM0MjM5OTQzNmQ4YTEzY2IwYzdkNzJjNjY5XzE2LTExLTEtMS0w_1cdc1c96-c009-47a7-814b-ff4a1a297435


      contextRef=id27e2cfd5da84b6bb2562fbc467773ac_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzM4NDgyOTA3MjQ3NzA_68221b4c-3b1d-4c26-9ff5-5a2e7da79e99


      contextRef=i748defedf70e4ef98259552f015e7d66_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzMyOTg1MzQ5MTE2MTI_373eeaa1-6c33-4a02-b37c-de7f7d17ff52


      contextRef=i9fd783cc046f41a9b24a329bd9b4bda5_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzMyOTg1MzQ5MTE2MjA_c3928017-e98c-4d76-a299-0d00fae10fac


      contextRef=ie2a12746a23946109d2e616941295554_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzMyOTg1MzQ5MTE2Mjg_b4467dd5-1c6b-476e-8e89-d7422e9c9e2c


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzEwOTk1MTE2NTMzMzk_158ba1ef-9d99-40f9-a0cd-2cbdbb14ab3c


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzMyOTg1MzQ5MDc1MzQ_9e32e80b-4c82-4822-b893-e29c527ef484


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzMyOTg1MzQ5MDc1NDM_f3e3ed3e-fe57-4410-9d3c-f9e74cb51dc0


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzMyOTg1MzQ5MDc1NTI_89cf0422-7c5c-4717-8e6a-ad1097d4372b


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzMyOTg1MzQ5MDc1NjA_48d14e62-8e5e-42f5-9630-87d18f024499


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzM4NDgyOTA3MjQ3ODA_1945f494-e026-49b1-b998-18c0bf9ea65c


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;June 30



261&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;21

482)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(76

643)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(2

792&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1

960&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;34

797&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;1

172)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1

165&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;14

971)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(12

048&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;4

453)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(41
941)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:27pt&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Noncurrent deferred tax liabilities


787)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;(1) Includes $154 and $62 of non-current deferred tax assets included within Other Assets on the June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020 Consolidated Balance Sheets


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZToyMjNjNzExNGU0YmI0OTFiYTdiMTY4MjQ4OGU2MzA1Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjIyM2M3MTE0ZTRiYjQ5MWJhN2IxNjgyNDg4ZTYzMDVmXzItMS0xLTEtMA_01593e85-373e-4047-ad41-a01e32244491


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZToyMjNjNzExNGU0YmI0OTFiYTdiMTY4MjQ4OGU2MzA1Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjIyM2M3MTE0ZTRiYjQ5MWJhN2IxNjgyNDg4ZTYzMDVmXzItMy0xLTEtMA_0621f23d-4e3c-47c0-bf63-c576a23cafce


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZToyMjNjNzExNGU0YmI0OTFiYTdiMTY4MjQ4OGU2MzA1Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjIyM2M3MTE0ZTRiYjQ5MWJhN2IxNjgyNDg4ZTYzMDVmXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_7cb5e13d-aa01-40ed-9ba6-7e9114c51462


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZToyMjNjNzExNGU0YmI0OTFiYTdiMTY4MjQ4OGU2MzA1Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjIyM2M3MTE0ZTRiYjQ5MWJhN2IxNjgyNDg4ZTYzMDVmXzMtMy0xLTEtMA_2346d7a7-8210-410d-889c-b48b77aa728d


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZToyMjNjNzExNGU0YmI0OTFiYTdiMTY4MjQ4OGU2MzA1Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjIyM2M3MTE0ZTRiYjQ5MWJhN2IxNjgyNDg4ZTYzMDVmXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_e2ad3747-d946-4a17-8dd7-808bbe655fd1


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZToyMjNjNzExNGU0YmI0OTFiYTdiMTY4MjQ4OGU2MzA1Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjIyM2M3MTE0ZTRiYjQ5MWJhN2IxNjgyNDg4ZTYzMDVmXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_b98a90c7-8af5-4651-9405-666029367a39


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZToyMjNjNzExNGU0YmI0OTFiYTdiMTY4MjQ4OGU2MzA1Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjIyM2M3MTE0ZTRiYjQ5MWJhN2IxNjgyNDg4ZTYzMDVmXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_5f60ef32-26a5-4a5e-8d3b-3e752f60123c


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZToyMjNjNzExNGU0YmI0OTFiYTdiMTY4MjQ4OGU2MzA1Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjIyM2M3MTE0ZTRiYjQ5MWJhN2IxNjgyNDg4ZTYzMDVmXzUtMy0xLTEtMA_b84f5304-dee2-439c-ae7c-1be71b0a3119


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZToyMjNjNzExNGU0YmI0OTFiYTdiMTY4MjQ4OGU2MzA1Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjIyM2M3MTE0ZTRiYjQ5MWJhN2IxNjgyNDg4ZTYzMDVmXzYtMS0xLTEtMA_dd70b7e1-e713-41c5-bc6b-a9874f71ceec


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZToyMjNjNzExNGU0YmI0OTFiYTdiMTY4MjQ4OGU2MzA1Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjIyM2M3MTE0ZTRiYjQ5MWJhN2IxNjgyNDg4ZTYzMDVmXzYtMy0xLTEtMA_d982dbe4-a526-4fbd-b8e2-58cabff6f068


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZToyMjNjNzExNGU0YmI0OTFiYTdiMTY4MjQ4OGU2MzA1Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjIyM2M3MTE0ZTRiYjQ5MWJhN2IxNjgyNDg4ZTYzMDVmXzctMS0xLTEtMA_853f2e49-a45c-4242-8ad4-eec1abbe0506


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZToyMjNjNzExNGU0YmI0OTFiYTdiMTY4MjQ4OGU2MzA1Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjIyM2M3MTE0ZTRiYjQ5MWJhN2IxNjgyNDg4ZTYzMDVmXzctMy0xLTEtMA_29f2945c-32cb-463c-98ca-1e486e33510b


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZToyMjNjNzExNGU0YmI0OTFiYTdiMTY4MjQ4OGU2MzA1Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjIyM2M3MTE0ZTRiYjQ5MWJhN2IxNjgyNDg4ZTYzMDVmXzgtMS0xLTEtMA_dd715e73-4c70-4918-b4d6-513b86990fd4


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZToyMjNjNzExNGU0YmI0OTFiYTdiMTY4MjQ4OGU2MzA1Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjIyM2M3MTE0ZTRiYjQ5MWJhN2IxNjgyNDg4ZTYzMDVmXzgtMy0xLTEtMA_88504170-e7a9-44d6-b0c0-f115dce153f1


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZToyMjNjNzExNGU0YmI0OTFiYTdiMTY4MjQ4OGU2MzA1Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjIyM2M3MTE0ZTRiYjQ5MWJhN2IxNjgyNDg4ZTYzMDVmXzktMS0xLTEtMA_a9de414a-1d2a-4739-b6f5-e71daf867e4d


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZToyMjNjNzExNGU0YmI0OTFiYTdiMTY4MjQ4OGU2MzA1Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjIyM2M3MTE0ZTRiYjQ5MWJhN2IxNjgyNDg4ZTYzMDVmXzktMy0xLTEtMA_47c724b1-634b-4e9d-afb6-0fee0a01e632


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZToyMjNjNzExNGU0YmI0OTFiYTdiMTY4MjQ4OGU2MzA1Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjIyM2M3MTE0ZTRiYjQ5MWJhN2IxNjgyNDg4ZTYzMDVmXzEwLTEtMS0xLTA_d0a420b5-b919-4695-b0a0-c18cc27a89cb


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZToyMjNjNzExNGU0YmI0OTFiYTdiMTY4MjQ4OGU2MzA1Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjIyM2M3MTE0ZTRiYjQ5MWJhN2IxNjgyNDg4ZTYzMDVmXzEwLTMtMS0xLTA_1fe96cac-fd60-447f-9aa9-1093053ebf66


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZToyMjNjNzExNGU0YmI0OTFiYTdiMTY4MjQ4OGU2MzA1Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjIyM2M3MTE0ZTRiYjQ5MWJhN2IxNjgyNDg4ZTYzMDVmXzExLTEtMS0xLTA_0f475a51-b0c0-468a-b478-4f783ff6c8fc


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZToyMjNjNzExNGU0YmI0OTFiYTdiMTY4MjQ4OGU2MzA1Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjIyM2M3MTE0ZTRiYjQ5MWJhN2IxNjgyNDg4ZTYzMDVmXzExLTMtMS0xLTA_798067e8-ccb9-4071-89f8-847a3c0c3690


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZToyMjNjNzExNGU0YmI0OTFiYTdiMTY4MjQ4OGU2MzA1Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjIyM2M3MTE0ZTRiYjQ5MWJhN2IxNjgyNDg4ZTYzMDVmXzEyLTEtMS0xLTA_ccccfaaa-41af-409f-b3ad-6b93c8b2d6cf


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZToyMjNjNzExNGU0YmI0OTFiYTdiMTY4MjQ4OGU2MzA1Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjIyM2M3MTE0ZTRiYjQ5MWJhN2IxNjgyNDg4ZTYzMDVmXzEyLTMtMS0xLTA_7ca0f3d9-f40c-4c52-9a75-4ea8197165ca


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZToyMjNjNzExNGU0YmI0OTFiYTdiMTY4MjQ4OGU2MzA1Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjIyM2M3MTE0ZTRiYjQ5MWJhN2IxNjgyNDg4ZTYzMDVmXzEzLTEtMS0xLTA_502aa73c-927c-4514-8de0-b3d97b6e386b


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZToyMjNjNzExNGU0YmI0OTFiYTdiMTY4MjQ4OGU2MzA1Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjIyM2M3MTE0ZTRiYjQ5MWJhN2IxNjgyNDg4ZTYzMDVmXzEzLTMtMS0xLTA_8622c128-ed85-4619-86d6-7e6a79166796


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZToyMjNjNzExNGU0YmI0OTFiYTdiMTY4MjQ4OGU2MzA1Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjIyM2M3MTE0ZTRiYjQ5MWJhN2IxNjgyNDg4ZTYzMDVmXzE0LTEtMS0xLTA_aa05024c-372f-4bfd-a1fd-61adf24ec564


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZToyMjNjNzExNGU0YmI0OTFiYTdiMTY4MjQ4OGU2MzA1Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjIyM2M3MTE0ZTRiYjQ5MWJhN2IxNjgyNDg4ZTYzMDVmXzE0LTMtMS0xLTA_e5a64e58-5952-4d98-84e8-2f918ee8ed49


      contextRef=ia019711782b74b2e9af2763d6cfde715_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzEwOTk1MTE2NTQ3NDM_de8da0b2-b4cb-41e8-8ed2-5c020b9705b9


      contextRef=i5595285e2ff3455a97016dddd7bb8145_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzI1ODE_ec0c1bc0-655a-4fe5-a5eb-277ae64f75d0


      contextRef=ibf7e2d87838049fb9555e30afa14a438_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzEwOTk1MTE2MzYyNzA_deeff0b1-e512-4e3a-8d11-0b3ff3e7c152


      contextRef=i96796b8e230d4a37b7b7f22727710c0f_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzEwOTk1MTE2MzYyNzY_2d299385-d9f8-4bf2-b009-065f2d34c4e1


      contextRef=i8af3a5e80c994f68bd7957837373e709_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzEwOTk1MTE2MzYyODc_6d69d214-5e21-4b81-843c-d6bbe19ca08a


      contextRef=iabd09374aa704aa993f3266cca87db41_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzEwOTk1MTE2MzYyODM_eceb47ab-2c8b-41ca-ace8-105d5a82f996


      contextRef=i8ffc8f025f6747869e1d0af4002993ce_D20200401-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzQ5OTI_3e1c5377-a566-4f8e-a817-ddf974a6a58f


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzUwNTY_8de4c5dc-e6b9-464a-9618-0311dbcf3423


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzMyOTg1MzQ5MDc1Njk_7776a07b-c049-49ce-ad51-f8e29c3a34bd


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzMyOTg1MzQ5MDc1Nzk_b7e8d83b-6cd1-476d-863a-7aea3703aac2


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzUwOTQ_2a5f3d5f-9195-4f07-b3bb-4305cc5007d8


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzEwOTk1MTE2Mzc2NDI_06709f64-3aa1-436f-ac69-f741d439b63c


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzEwOTk1MTE2NDExNDQ_05573151-c33c-4ee5-b295-1ddb42d6d1e5


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630




601&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;7






      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowNzI5YmZhYjY3Y2Q0MTBkYmI4NjNhMDA5NDgxNWVlMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3MjliZmFiNjdjZDQxMGRiYjg2M2EwMDk0ODE1ZWUwXzItMS0xLTEtMA_4fb0183f-f706-4e23-b597-6718c30cb2b6


      contextRef=i396c4e5beca74184b9989d548c90040e_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowNzI5YmZhYjY3Y2Q0MTBkYmI4NjNhMDA5NDgxNWVlMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3MjliZmFiNjdjZDQxMGRiYjg2M2EwMDk0ODE1ZWUwXzItMy0xLTEtMA_09f74447-4091-420f-866d-a5b31e1b0829


      contextRef=icd1fd9a135e6423ab67be27095a7a84d_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowNzI5YmZhYjY3Y2Q0MTBkYmI4NjNhMDA5NDgxNWVlMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3MjliZmFiNjdjZDQxMGRiYjg2M2EwMDk0ODE1ZWUwXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_26ef3067-3b11-42db-812b-f3dbd753792a


      contextRef=i165d1a8823c146f3878824e3e7dd01a1_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowNzI5YmZhYjY3Y2Q0MTBkYmI4NjNhMDA5NDgxNWVlMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3MjliZmFiNjdjZDQxMGRiYjg2M2EwMDk0ODE1ZWUwXzMtMy0xLTEtMA_7ed26e75-cd81-4e03-b066-51da18df22a1


      contextRef=i337b3c65be53491eabc55ca5a2096c80_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowNzI5YmZhYjY3Y2Q0MTBkYmI4NjNhMDA5NDgxNWVlMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3MjliZmFiNjdjZDQxMGRiYjg2M2EwMDk0ODE1ZWUwXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_717325d8-c32d-4a81-81be-ee9bb2e8eae4


      contextRef=idebbf74f13004fed816ec0c87cb669b6_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowNzI5YmZhYjY3Y2Q0MTBkYmI4NjNhMDA5NDgxNWVlMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3MjliZmFiNjdjZDQxMGRiYjg2M2EwMDk0ODE1ZWUwXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_1405211a-7d82-497c-bc75-3c8be0ab01fe


      contextRef=icf22e5ddb4f1442da4f54748db392827_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowNzI5YmZhYjY3Y2Q0MTBkYmI4NjNhMDA5NDgxNWVlMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3MjliZmFiNjdjZDQxMGRiYjg2M2EwMDk0ODE1ZWUwXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_349ac172-1397-4c47-aec1-1b496e9a6281


      contextRef=iebbb35f25504419b9eadab27ffb9ef24_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowNzI5YmZhYjY3Y2Q0MTBkYmI4NjNhMDA5NDgxNWVlMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3MjliZmFiNjdjZDQxMGRiYjg2M2EwMDk0ODE1ZWUwXzUtMy0xLTEtMA_7b8edf75-abfa-4380-a8a2-651bd9ca8cc9


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowNzI5YmZhYjY3Y2Q0MTBkYmI4NjNhMDA5NDgxNWVlMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3MjliZmFiNjdjZDQxMGRiYjg2M2EwMDk0ODE1ZWUwXzYtMS0xLTEtMA_e909c5d2-f079-480c-815c-342a7cd63649


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTowNzI5YmZhYjY3Y2Q0MTBkYmI4NjNhMDA5NDgxNWVlMC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjA3MjliZmFiNjdjZDQxMGRiYjg2M2EwMDk0ODE1ZWUwXzYtMy0xLTEtMA_2143d7f9-ec14-4799-a5d5-482335d1cd48


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 including interest and penalties
 is summarized below: &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.707%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:58.137%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.216%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.706%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.216%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.706%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.219%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Fiscal Year Ended June 30




045&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;8
499&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;5






      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTplYWJjN2QzN2U3ZGM0ZjVlYjhmYjE0OTBjODk5NjdmOS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhYmM3ZDM3ZTdkYzRmNWViOGZiMTQ5MGM4OTk2N2Y5XzItMS0xLTEtMA_267a2baa-e30c-458c-b21f-212d6400e84a


      contextRef=i396c4e5beca74184b9989d548c90040e_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTplYWJjN2QzN2U3ZGM0ZjVlYjhmYjE0OTBjODk5NjdmOS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhYmM3ZDM3ZTdkYzRmNWViOGZiMTQ5MGM4OTk2N2Y5XzItMy0xLTEtMA_3b0fc8c7-2a15-4ba4-9801-7449cec83ca0


      contextRef=id849ee40d2c046fc9b02e8af2bfe7991_I20180630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTplYWJjN2QzN2U3ZGM0ZjVlYjhmYjE0OTBjODk5NjdmOS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhYmM3ZDM3ZTdkYzRmNWViOGZiMTQ5MGM4OTk2N2Y5XzItNS0xLTEtMA_3975ab6d-be52-4f81-bc0e-d6b4428be855


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTplYWJjN2QzN2U3ZGM0ZjVlYjhmYjE0OTBjODk5NjdmOS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhYmM3ZDM3ZTdkYzRmNWViOGZiMTQ5MGM4OTk2N2Y5XzMtMS0xLTEtMA_674f1961-20ec-4c8f-9766-29f3cc573c5c


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTplYWJjN2QzN2U3ZGM0ZjVlYjhmYjE0OTBjODk5NjdmOS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhYmM3ZDM3ZTdkYzRmNWViOGZiMTQ5MGM4OTk2N2Y5XzMtMy0xLTEtMA_80bc02c0-ac5f-495d-a0f5-5bb3b2d5895a


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTplYWJjN2QzN2U3ZGM0ZjVlYjhmYjE0OTBjODk5NjdmOS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhYmM3ZDM3ZTdkYzRmNWViOGZiMTQ5MGM4OTk2N2Y5XzMtNS0xLTEtMA_28fea5cc-c4da-4bab-8767-c60260aae7c7


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTplYWJjN2QzN2U3ZGM0ZjVlYjhmYjE0OTBjODk5NjdmOS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhYmM3ZDM3ZTdkYzRmNWViOGZiMTQ5MGM4OTk2N2Y5XzQtMS0xLTEtMA_50898e65-4b35-4f0e-943f-3419d1bd9094


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTplYWJjN2QzN2U3ZGM0ZjVlYjhmYjE0OTBjODk5NjdmOS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhYmM3ZDM3ZTdkYzRmNWViOGZiMTQ5MGM4OTk2N2Y5XzQtMy0xLTEtMA_966ab32a-71ae-411c-9a8c-5e7a1a89dc17


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTplYWJjN2QzN2U3ZGM0ZjVlYjhmYjE0OTBjODk5NjdmOS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhYmM3ZDM3ZTdkYzRmNWViOGZiMTQ5MGM4OTk2N2Y5XzQtNS0xLTEtMA_d44c1e1f-abf3-497c-8064-1507f860d746


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTplYWJjN2QzN2U3ZGM0ZjVlYjhmYjE0OTBjODk5NjdmOS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhYmM3ZDM3ZTdkYzRmNWViOGZiMTQ5MGM4OTk2N2Y5XzUtMS0xLTEtMA_599f8dba-1d23-47b2-a035-62447e5044b2


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTplYWJjN2QzN2U3ZGM0ZjVlYjhmYjE0OTBjODk5NjdmOS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhYmM3ZDM3ZTdkYzRmNWViOGZiMTQ5MGM4OTk2N2Y5XzUtMy0xLTEtMA_393b2e89-d72b-447c-9395-58e5bea1cf79


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTplYWJjN2QzN2U3ZGM0ZjVlYjhmYjE0OTBjODk5NjdmOS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhYmM3ZDM3ZTdkYzRmNWViOGZiMTQ5MGM4OTk2N2Y5XzUtNS0xLTEtMA_31c14bc7-5f6d-46a5-9cdf-6b61604eadec


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTplYWJjN2QzN2U3ZGM0ZjVlYjhmYjE0OTBjODk5NjdmOS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhYmM3ZDM3ZTdkYzRmNWViOGZiMTQ5MGM4OTk2N2Y5XzYtMS0xLTEtMA_53cef1b0-78e7-4ef4-9ac6-cbda9649f692


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTplYWJjN2QzN2U3ZGM0ZjVlYjhmYjE0OTBjODk5NjdmOS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhYmM3ZDM3ZTdkYzRmNWViOGZiMTQ5MGM4OTk2N2Y5XzYtMy0xLTEtMA_36301ec7-5f65-4b12-bdda-b467b5c6c15f


      contextRef=i396c4e5beca74184b9989d548c90040e_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90YWJsZTplYWJjN2QzN2U3ZGM0ZjVlYjhmYjE0OTBjODk5NjdmOS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmVhYmM3ZDM3ZTdkYzRmNWViOGZiMTQ5MGM4OTk2N2Y5XzYtNS0xLTEtMA_f9ab834b-d2bd-42e7-8b6f-4f94d902ca07


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzEwOTk1MTE2NDE0NjM_d52bd42a-c456-40bd-b9b6-1f7df0667a93


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzEwOTk1MTE2NDE0NjA_14a8e73f-e6c0-4fbf-9a9c-e081bdc37018


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzY2ODM_4d5b7472-86d0-45eb-abd6-2955ccb16faf


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzY3MjU_0cd1b803-1401-4b6e-b805-2c4d44660f9a


      contextRef=i396c4e5beca74184b9989d548c90040e_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzY4NjA_c4e67aab-daf2-41c5-9fe8-a3159608556a


      contextRef=i396c4e5beca74184b9989d548c90040e_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzY5MjM_287842d7-d857-44d7-9044-a9d901b82a11


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzEwOTk1MTE2NDc4Mzg_d8e804f9-a1e0-4cf4-9757-cc8b7d52545e


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODEvZnJhZzoyZTU3NWU5NjZhZTg0NTI4YjU3NGQwYjYxMzljNzkwYy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJlNTc1ZTk2NmFlODQ1MjhiNTc0ZDBiNjEzOWM3OTBjXzEwOTk1MTE2NTE2NDc_83ff475f-9dca-44eb-ace8-2507a2974938


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

000 shares with such designations
 rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors.  Accordingly
 the Board of Directors is empowered to issue
 without stockholder approval
 preferred stock with dividends
 liquidation
 conversion
 voting or other rights which could decrease the amount of earnings and assets available for distribution to holders of the Company&#x2019;s common stock.  At June 30
 2021 and 2020




073&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;95



359)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(2






 the Company reclassified $16
073 of translations from AOCL to the Company's results of operations. At the completion of the sale of Tilda
 the Company reclassified $95





 net&#x201d; in the Consolidation Statements of Operations and were $498 and $98 for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30


 2017
 the Company's Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $250
000 of the Company&#x2019;s issued and&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%&gt;outstanding common stock.  Repurchases may be made from time to time in the open market
 pursuant to pre-set trading plans
 in private transactions or otherwise. The authorization does not have a stated expiration date. The extent to which the Company repurchases its shares and the timing of such repurchases will depend upon market conditions and other corporate considerations. During the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2021
 &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%&gt;the Company repurchased 3
080 shares under the repurchase program for a total of $107
421
 excluding commissions
 at an average price of $34.87 per share. Of that amount
 $1


 2021
 the Company had $82
408 of remaining authorization under the share repurchase program. During the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2020
 the Company repurchased 2
551 shares under the repurchase program for a total of $60
171
 excluding commissions
 at an average price of $23.59 per share. The Company did not repurchase any shares under this program in fiscal 2019.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%&gt;In August 2021
 the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved an additional $300
000 share repurchase authorization. Share repurchases under the 2021 authorization will commence after the 2017 authorization is fully utilized


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNjZTlmODNiMjI3NDRlOTViNDJjYzFkNWE2ZDcwMDQ0XzEyNQ_80f83064-1375-4759-98cb-c5f55883a3eb


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNjZTlmODNiMjI3NDRlOTViNDJjYzFkNWE2ZDcwMDQ0XzU2Ng_4011614a-8e98-497e-af5d-846c35b369e9


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNjZTlmODNiMjI3NDRlOTViNDJjYzFkNWE2ZDcwMDQ0XzU2Ng_6a0d1241-83e0-4439-84c0-8241fb44578b


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNjZTlmODNiMjI3NDRlOTViNDJjYzFkNWE2ZDcwMDQ0XzU2Ng_6bd178fd-527e-4a84-90de-eac42e6411d6


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNjZTlmODNiMjI3NDRlOTViNDJjYzFkNWE2ZDcwMDQ0XzU2Ng_f1fd15c2-a723-447b-a49c-093e72105c26


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630




073&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;95



359)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(2






 the Company reclassified $16
073 of translations from AOCL to the Company's results of operations. At the completion of the sale of Tilda
 the Company reclassified $95





 net&#x201d; in the Consolidation Statements of Operations and were $498 and $98 for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30



      contextRef=ia346c8c3c5874c108db08e8fe7636196_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90YWJsZTozOTk0NGM2OTYxMjI0NDdhYWRkNjYzYzk2ODk0MWE4YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM5OTQ0YzY5NjEyMjQ0N2FhZGQ2NjNjOTY4OTQxYThhXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_9bfb0f40-751a-4889-aab1-000f928e105b


      contextRef=i51ce3e2f53044391bf7524d7af93e906_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90YWJsZTozOTk0NGM2OTYxMjI0NDdhYWRkNjYzYzk2ODk0MWE4YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM5OTQ0YzY5NjEyMjQ0N2FhZGQ2NjNjOTY4OTQxYThhXzMtMy0xLTEtMA_b015b405-6a55-4fc3-a252-b63ec859d66b


      contextRef=ia346c8c3c5874c108db08e8fe7636196_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90YWJsZTozOTk0NGM2OTYxMjI0NDdhYWRkNjYzYzk2ODk0MWE4YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM5OTQ0YzY5NjEyMjQ0N2FhZGQ2NjNjOTY4OTQxYThhXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_6a272892-2c4d-4eb7-bb5b-d2fea37fb189


      contextRef=i51ce3e2f53044391bf7524d7af93e906_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90YWJsZTozOTk0NGM2OTYxMjI0NDdhYWRkNjYzYzk2ODk0MWE4YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM5OTQ0YzY5NjEyMjQ0N2FhZGQ2NjNjOTY4OTQxYThhXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_b372baa5-710d-4f1b-802e-d76e17197ca3


      contextRef=ia70ea47bac634b85a78c9792bf8efb8d_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90YWJsZTozOTk0NGM2OTYxMjI0NDdhYWRkNjYzYzk2ODk0MWE4YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM5OTQ0YzY5NjEyMjQ0N2FhZGQ2NjNjOTY4OTQxYThhXzYtMS0xLTEtMA_1b37262f-c9bb-4225-a53e-0734c7385197


      contextRef=ia150cf3b947143f8b31adb903099a7d2_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90YWJsZTozOTk0NGM2OTYxMjI0NDdhYWRkNjYzYzk2ODk0MWE4YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM5OTQ0YzY5NjEyMjQ0N2FhZGQ2NjNjOTY4OTQxYThhXzYtMy0xLTEtMA_b5e839a9-5ca6-4b9f-843b-2b1aa17073cf


      contextRef=ia70ea47bac634b85a78c9792bf8efb8d_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90YWJsZTozOTk0NGM2OTYxMjI0NDdhYWRkNjYzYzk2ODk0MWE4YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM5OTQ0YzY5NjEyMjQ0N2FhZGQ2NjNjOTY4OTQxYThhXzctMS0xLTEtMA_201095ed-514f-4c6f-903c-1e297c9ee0da


      contextRef=ia150cf3b947143f8b31adb903099a7d2_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90YWJsZTozOTk0NGM2OTYxMjI0NDdhYWRkNjYzYzk2ODk0MWE4YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM5OTQ0YzY5NjEyMjQ0N2FhZGQ2NjNjOTY4OTQxYThhXzctMy0xLTEtMA_bb4e3efa-367a-46a5-9ad5-c286cea31398


      contextRef=i0c5cf92a6e7942548c4c3fa098f9fdf7_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90YWJsZTozOTk0NGM2OTYxMjI0NDdhYWRkNjYzYzk2ODk0MWE4YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM5OTQ0YzY5NjEyMjQ0N2FhZGQ2NjNjOTY4OTQxYThhXzktMS0xLTEtMA_63d14ba2-8a8c-4573-bff5-7cd99adeea6c


      contextRef=i06e4acc4cdf944489f519ed5540a0609_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90YWJsZTozOTk0NGM2OTYxMjI0NDdhYWRkNjYzYzk2ODk0MWE4YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM5OTQ0YzY5NjEyMjQ0N2FhZGQ2NjNjOTY4OTQxYThhXzktMy0xLTEtMA_52e3ee62-541f-4e9c-af0a-b1e410c38ae5


      contextRef=i0c5cf92a6e7942548c4c3fa098f9fdf7_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90YWJsZTozOTk0NGM2OTYxMjI0NDdhYWRkNjYzYzk2ODk0MWE4YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM5OTQ0YzY5NjEyMjQ0N2FhZGQ2NjNjOTY4OTQxYThhXzEwLTEtMS0xLTA_62facaa3-1e95-45c4-8ae4-233392ca0493


      contextRef=i06e4acc4cdf944489f519ed5540a0609_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90YWJsZTozOTk0NGM2OTYxMjI0NDdhYWRkNjYzYzk2ODk0MWE4YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM5OTQ0YzY5NjEyMjQ0N2FhZGQ2NjNjOTY4OTQxYThhXzEwLTMtMS0xLTA_3ea41753-847a-402b-b3f8-ccb129b327fe


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90YWJsZTozOTk0NGM2OTYxMjI0NDdhYWRkNjYzYzk2ODk0MWE4YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM5OTQ0YzY5NjEyMjQ0N2FhZGQ2NjNjOTY4OTQxYThhXzE0LTEtMS0xLTA_91925005-a09f-4283-bfe8-78cf08acd627


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90YWJsZTozOTk0NGM2OTYxMjI0NDdhYWRkNjYzYzk2ODk0MWE4YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM5OTQ0YzY5NjEyMjQ0N2FhZGQ2NjNjOTY4OTQxYThhXzE0LTMtMS0xLTA_7eb83703-c93f-4871-8e75-2d2842ea79b8


      contextRef=ic852db910fca498babebd7d947a41319_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNjZTlmODNiMjI3NDRlOTViNDJjYzFkNWE2ZDcwMDQ0XzkxMg_4996bbb9-def3-4ddf-9c0d-25df45a72f0f


      contextRef=iffb555df4a3144f09333ee4f9b5fe1c0_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNjZTlmODNiMjI3NDRlOTViNDJjYzFkNWE2ZDcwMDQ0XzkyOQ_5991537e-16a2-424b-adeb-dbb1293a5916


      contextRef=ia346c8c3c5874c108db08e8fe7636196_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNjZTlmODNiMjI3NDRlOTViNDJjYzFkNWE2ZDcwMDQ0XzEwOTk1MTE2MzE3NzM_6a272892-2c4d-4eb7-bb5b-d2fea37fb189


      contextRef=i51ce3e2f53044391bf7524d7af93e906_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNjZTlmODNiMjI3NDRlOTViNDJjYzFkNWE2ZDcwMDQ0XzEwOTk1MTE2MzA1ODc_b372baa5-710d-4f1b-802e-d76e17197ca3


      contextRef=i69baf4ebf02540d1b127dd774e6a200c_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90YWJsZTo3ZmQ3YWM0MDYwODQ0N2NmYjVjZDA5OWY4ZDQ1OTc5MC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdmZDdhYzQwNjA4NDQ3Y2ZiNWNkMDk5ZjhkNDU5NzkwXzItMS0xLTEtMA_8fa98435-e687-4632-8ead-676633f3abd1


      contextRef=if3ca45125d4d48ee957f5012d453c3e0_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90YWJsZTo3ZmQ3YWM0MDYwODQ0N2NmYjVjZDA5OWY4ZDQ1OTc5MC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdmZDdhYzQwNjA4NDQ3Y2ZiNWNkMDk5ZjhkNDU5NzkwXzItMy0xLTEtMA_9382bd10-f14e-40bc-86dc-49325706bb6b


      contextRef=i69baf4ebf02540d1b127dd774e6a200c_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90YWJsZTo3ZmQ3YWM0MDYwODQ0N2NmYjVjZDA5OWY4ZDQ1OTc5MC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdmZDdhYzQwNjA4NDQ3Y2ZiNWNkMDk5ZjhkNDU5NzkwXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_05bfaeda-4da6-4ac0-8cc5-02cb815def02


      contextRef=if3ca45125d4d48ee957f5012d453c3e0_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90YWJsZTo3ZmQ3YWM0MDYwODQ0N2NmYjVjZDA5OWY4ZDQ1OTc5MC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdmZDdhYzQwNjA4NDQ3Y2ZiNWNkMDk5ZjhkNDU5NzkwXzMtMy0xLTEtMA_d53f05a7-ed74-4225-a051-cc1f86288d39


      contextRef=i69baf4ebf02540d1b127dd774e6a200c_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90YWJsZTo3ZmQ3YWM0MDYwODQ0N2NmYjVjZDA5OWY4ZDQ1OTc5MC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdmZDdhYzQwNjA4NDQ3Y2ZiNWNkMDk5ZjhkNDU5NzkwXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_79b27704-2068-494e-b3ae-8b368b32c988


      contextRef=if3ca45125d4d48ee957f5012d453c3e0_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90YWJsZTo3ZmQ3YWM0MDYwODQ0N2NmYjVjZDA5OWY4ZDQ1OTc5MC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjdmZDdhYzQwNjA4NDQ3Y2ZiNWNkMDk5ZjhkNDU5NzkwXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_696b2640-5497-4621-b19d-9ac0d791b9c3


      contextRef=i0c5cf92a6e7942548c4c3fa098f9fdf7_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNjZTlmODNiMjI3NDRlOTViNDJjYzFkNWE2ZDcwMDQ0XzE3NjQ_86c8bb7b-323b-4a2c-b7a1-9392e8a3565f


      contextRef=i06e4acc4cdf944489f519ed5540a0609_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNjZTlmODNiMjI3NDRlOTViNDJjYzFkNWE2ZDcwMDQ0XzE3NzE_0629794d-96b3-496d-9dfd-b2e376aaba0a


      contextRef=i94ff62287215407d9d8bea72eac8f09b_I20170621
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNjZTlmODNiMjI3NDRlOTViNDJjYzFkNWE2ZDcwMDQ0XzE5Mzg_fa8d16ba-1371-481e-9e2e-ed2c8c0c85f1


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNjZTlmODNiMjI3NDRlOTViNDJjYzFkNWE2ZDcwMDQ0XzEwOTk1MTE2MzQ5NzY_c9275f96-9f02-4da7-9f30-0b5809a6acae


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNjZTlmODNiMjI3NDRlOTViNDJjYzFkNWE2ZDcwMDQ0XzEwOTk1MTE2MzE4ODQ_e117da9a-26c4-4f0d-b2b8-3672bcdf6cf6


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNjZTlmODNiMjI3NDRlOTViNDJjYzFkNWE2ZDcwMDQ0XzEwOTk1MTE2MzE4ODg_7166091a-8681-40ea-8039-364265f5e525


      contextRef=ic30ff2b0a11c471082702c6a0be81ea6_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNjZTlmODNiMjI3NDRlOTViNDJjYzFkNWE2ZDcwMDQ0XzU0OTc1NTgxNDM0NDc_2cc45ea4-ce4f-4176-b877-fbe86e054a85


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNjZTlmODNiMjI3NDRlOTViNDJjYzFkNWE2ZDcwMDQ0XzEwOTk1MTE2MzE5MDk_35ad9e68-651a-43a6-a535-7379ce62fbfe


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNjZTlmODNiMjI3NDRlOTViNDJjYzFkNWE2ZDcwMDQ0XzEwOTk1MTE2MzE1NTU_2fad0958-7b01-4028-8639-8d6c72270c8d


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNjZTlmODNiMjI3NDRlOTViNDJjYzFkNWE2ZDcwMDQ0XzEwOTk1MTE2MzE1NjQ_a276d2f3-115b-4d2f-9cd5-91a56a2fe9ed


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNjZTlmODNiMjI3NDRlOTViNDJjYzFkNWE2ZDcwMDQ0XzEwOTk1MTE2MzE1NzM_ecf935ff-c063-4de6-b467-5344f404fc5f


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNjZTlmODNiMjI3NDRlOTViNDJjYzFkNWE2ZDcwMDQ0XzMyOTg1MzQ4ODgxNjA_51875489-450c-4a2f-9649-f4b8be9735f8


      contextRef=i8364397eb79a43f9a1dd32861ee6f55b_I20210831
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xODQvZnJhZzpjY2U5ZjgzYjIyNzQ0ZTk1YjQyY2MxZDVhNmQ3MDA0NC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmNjZTlmODNiMjI3NDRlOTViNDJjYzFkNWE2ZDcwMDQ0XzMyOTg1MzQ4OTEwNjg_97ff8726-57a9-4b77-b717-e87dd935a500


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 the Amended and Restated 2002 Long-Term Incentive and Stock Award Plan (the &#x201c;2002 Plan&#x201d;)
 under which the Company&#x2019;s officers
 senior management
 other key employees
 consultants and directors may be granted equity-based awards. The Company also grants equity awards under its 2019 Equity Inducement Award Program (the &#x201c;2019 Inducement Program&#x201d;) to induce selected individuals to become employees of the Company. The 2002 Plan and 2019 Inducement Program are collectively referred to as the &#x201c;Stock Award Plans&#x201d;. In conjunction with the Stock Award Plans
 the Company maintains a long-term incentive program (the &#x201c;LTI Program&#x201d;) that provides for performance and market equity awards that can be earned over defined performance periods. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;There were 237
 990 and 2
106 shares underlying restricted stock awards (&#x201c;RSAs&#x201d;) or restricted share units (&#x201c;RSUs&#x201d;) granted under the Stock Award Plans during fiscal years 2021
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 of which 51
 554 and 1
610
 respectively
 were granted under the LTI Program and are subject to the achievement of minimum performance goals or market conditions
 with the remaining being service-based awards. For performance awards and market awards
 the foregoing share figures are stated at target levels
 and the awards generally provide for vesting at zero to 300% of the target level. There were no options granted under the Stock Award Plans during fiscal years 2021
 2020 and 2019. At June&#160;30
 2021
 there were 5
330 and 1
886 shares available for grant under the 2002 Plan and 2019 Inducement Program

 subject to certain restrictions on transferability and a risk of forfeiture. Shares underlying RSUs are not issued until vesting. Both award types are subject to continued employment and vesting conditions in accordance with provisions set forth in the applicable award agreements. The Company also grants market-based RSUs that vest contingent on meeting specific Total Shareholder Return (&#x201c;TSR&#x201d;) targets over a specified time period
 and performance-based RSUs that vest contingent on meeting specific financial results within a specified time period. Performance-based and market-based RSUs are issued in the form of performance share units (&#x201c;PSUs&#x201d;).&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%&gt;A summary of the restricted stock activity (includes all RSAs









 2021 and 2020
 the table above includes a total of 1
382 and 1
384 shares (including the inducement grant of 350 shares made to the Company&#x2019;s CEO)
 respectively
 that represent the target number of shares that may be earned under non-vested performance equity awards that are eligible to vest at 300% of target. Vested shares during the year ended June 30
 2021 include a total of 20 shares under the 2018-2020 LTIP that vested at 150% of target based on achievement of the maximum relative TSR target.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;A summary of the fair value of restricted stock (includes all RSAs
 RSUs and PSUs) granted and vested
 and the tax benefit recognized from restricted stock vesting
 for the last three fiscal years ended June 30 is as follows: &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.853%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:63.760%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:9.295%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.703%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:9.295%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.703%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:9.444%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Fiscal Year Ended June 30








241&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;At June&#160;30
 2021
 $10

 among other items
 selecting the specific performance measures for awards
 setting the target performance required to receive an award after the completion of the performance period
 and determining the specific payout to the participants. Any stock-based awards issued under the LTI Program are generally issued pursuant to and are subject to the terms and conditions of the 2002 Plan and 2019 Inducement Program

 2018 to November 6
 2021. The TSR levels are aligned with the CEO Inducement Gr&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;ant (discussed below)
 with total shares eligible to vest ranging from zero to 300% of the target award amount. Certain shares are subject to a holding period of one year after the vesting date
 resulting in an illiquidity discount being applied to the grant date fair value for such shares. There were 51
 554 and 912 PSUs granted during fiscal years 2021
 2020 and 2019
 respectively


 2019 to June 30
 2020
 with total shares eligible to vest ranging from zero to 150%&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%&gt; of the grant. There were 45 PSUs granted during fiscal year 2019 with a grant date fair value of $18.32 per unit. No such awards were granted during fiscal 2020 or 2018. In the first quarter of fiscal 2021

 2018
 the Company&#x2019;s CEO
 Mark L. Schiller received a market-based PSU award with a target payout of 350 shares of common stock and a maximum payout of 1
050 shares of common stock. The award will vest pursuant to the achievement of&#160;pre-established&#160;three-year&#160;compound annual TSR levels over the period from November 6
 2018 to November 6
 2021. No PSUs will vest if the three-year compound annual TSR is below 15%. These PSUs are subject to a holding period of one year after the vesting date. As such

571. Total compensation cost related to this award recognized in the fiscal year ended June 30
 2021
 2020

519
 $2
526 and $1
636
 respectively. This PSU award was granted outside of the Stock Award Plans. Separately

 the Company issues PSUs to certain key executives which vest over a period of &lt;span style=-sec-ix-hidden:id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzMyOTg1MzQ5MDA0NTE_1e253553-dedf-4394-a681-dbd198636c52&gt;one&lt;/span&gt; to two years based upon the achievement of certain market and/or performance-based metrics being met. As of June 30
 2021 and 2020





471&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Former Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense







 2020 or 2019
 and there were no stock options exercised during these periods. There were 122 options outstanding at each of June 30
 2021
 2020 and 2019
 relating to a grant under a prior Celestial Seasonings plan. Although no further awards can be granted under the prior Celestial Seasonings plan
 the options outstanding continue in accordance with the terms of the plan and grant. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;For options outstanding and exercisable at June&#160;30
 2021
 the aggregate intrinsic value (the difference between the closing stock price on the last day of trading in the year and the exercise price) was $4
650
 and the weighted average remaining contractual life was 10.0 years. The weighted average exercise price of these options was $2.26. At June&#160;30
 2021


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5Xzgz_5450ad13-23a1-4234-bc1a-5efa712c79e4


      contextRef=icf4cb5c6c07a4875b3c4b9cc0db0db03_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5Xzg1OQ_f15fa80d-2a3f-4cb7-8e3d-e29aa27bc6da


      contextRef=i002ca2b192484c54ba1cfe625de0fa23_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5Xzg2Mw_4ec261a6-df8c-41c2-8145-154fe6520528


      contextRef=ida6651d4acca44208bb23acf16bfccb1_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5Xzg3MA_902fc1b7-500f-4a03-a8cb-3f46a2e57448


      contextRef=ie9647dbb1b3041c2a1b33814935bb14a_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzEwNTM_0cd06bb2-57eb-45e5-b0e0-8cc2df6a7f44


      contextRef=i095801b34218494595c33822ba47eded_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzEwNTc_fdfd8feb-84e5-4bc8-b82b-2c9de769c19c


      contextRef=i652e69fa2be24f81808776fbb4581378_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzEwNjQ_b39fb9f5-3432-402c-8fad-d09a3cd53c70


      contextRef=ibfa57ef995a34281b31a187cf3d04d29_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzU0OTc1NTgxNTQ1NDg_8fadb102-a9bf-47ca-9b38-fabe9157a5b4


      contextRef=ibd692111df3740ce9fbd292932764895_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzE0MDM_59b1c91e-27a0-495e-9e6c-d0ae77569b4e


      contextRef=i002ca2b192484c54ba1cfe625de0fa23_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzE0Mzg_031bf5e2-7780-4dfa-b12d-0d5f674449bb


      contextRef=icf4cb5c6c07a4875b3c4b9cc0db0db03_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzE0Mzg_626a102d-e602-4ad8-a1be-924ec701052d


      contextRef=ida6651d4acca44208bb23acf16bfccb1_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzE0Mzg_a8fe519f-19d9-4cbd-b609-8edf5dacd702


      contextRef=i4021e0b114da4c9d892ba0197fe2c03e_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzE1Mzg_a72761f0-320f-48e4-91a6-a858200d04e1


      contextRef=i679d0430658e48b28e361e81e65f3a9f_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzE1NDU_708908a2-5722-4df6-aa76-c2c55b44a5c7


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630











      contextRef=i506b84097f0649ea9388eaad5c7a7be0_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2YmVhYWQyMzlhNzI0NjA2OTgxYjZkNmFjODU2ODE4OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZiZWFhZDIzOWE3MjQ2MDY5ODFiNmQ2YWM4NTY4MTg4XzEtMS0xLTEtMA_4ea34e9c-a050-466b-9fca-79c9c905fde8


      contextRef=i506b84097f0649ea9388eaad5c7a7be0_I20200630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2YmVhYWQyMzlhNzI0NjA2OTgxYjZkNmFjODU2ODE4OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZiZWFhZDIzOWE3MjQ2MDY5ODFiNmQ2YWM4NTY4MTg4XzEtMy0xLTEtMA_8d7db0e5-5070-4b7d-b57d-a34e9a8a4233


      contextRef=i65bc7c5da2d2435ca510147b6522bb23_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2YmVhYWQyMzlhNzI0NjA2OTgxYjZkNmFjODU2ODE4OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZiZWFhZDIzOWE3MjQ2MDY5ODFiNmQ2YWM4NTY4MTg4XzEtNS0xLTEtMA_9d3d9e2e-8930-4348-861d-bd298ff66fd6


      contextRef=i65bc7c5da2d2435ca510147b6522bb23_I20190630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2YmVhYWQyMzlhNzI0NjA2OTgxYjZkNmFjODU2ODE4OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZiZWFhZDIzOWE3MjQ2MDY5ODFiNmQ2YWM4NTY4MTg4XzEtNy0xLTEtMA_53c02f00-4d6b-490d-a23c-48b24cdd241e


      contextRef=i5b844237cfed48ed8300fe1d7c124607_I20180630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2YmVhYWQyMzlhNzI0NjA2OTgxYjZkNmFjODU2ODE4OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZiZWFhZDIzOWE3MjQ2MDY5ODFiNmQ2YWM4NTY4MTg4XzEtOS0xLTEtMA_7f97cba8-ca86-432f-a456-6b0362c51858


      contextRef=i5b844237cfed48ed8300fe1d7c124607_I20180630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2YmVhYWQyMzlhNzI0NjA2OTgxYjZkNmFjODU2ODE4OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZiZWFhZDIzOWE3MjQ2MDY5ODFiNmQ2YWM4NTY4MTg4XzEtMTEtMS0xLTA_ef53262c-27c1-4c5c-918b-57780429bec7


      contextRef=i8c693842cb95483785032ad230095a8c_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2YmVhYWQyMzlhNzI0NjA2OTgxYjZkNmFjODU2ODE4OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZiZWFhZDIzOWE3MjQ2MDY5ODFiNmQ2YWM4NTY4MTg4XzItMS0xLTEtMA_429ff9ac-dc99-4706-b0be-7966db881bc6


      contextRef=i8c693842cb95483785032ad230095a8c_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2YmVhYWQyMzlhNzI0NjA2OTgxYjZkNmFjODU2ODE4OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZiZWFhZDIzOWE3MjQ2MDY5ODFiNmQ2YWM4NTY4MTg4XzItMy0xLTEtMA_8a39ade1-4192-474d-9d67-f38c23d76791


      contextRef=i3685b19d9ddb41178a204265fbf6ac48_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2YmVhYWQyMzlhNzI0NjA2OTgxYjZkNmFjODU2ODE4OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZiZWFhZDIzOWE3MjQ2MDY5ODFiNmQ2YWM4NTY4MTg4XzItNS0xLTEtMA_05ed9692-7557-4a46-8870-18a27e4908f2


      contextRef=i3685b19d9ddb41178a204265fbf6ac48_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2YmVhYWQyMzlhNzI0NjA2OTgxYjZkNmFjODU2ODE4OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZiZWFhZDIzOWE3MjQ2MDY5ODFiNmQ2YWM4NTY4MTg4XzItNy0xLTEtMA_9de8f9ab-dafe-49ad-98c7-8dd5386299b4


      contextRef=i93e5418e9394444fbb5622c71354f69d_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2YmVhYWQyMzlhNzI0NjA2OTgxYjZkNmFjODU2ODE4OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZiZWFhZDIzOWE3MjQ2MDY5ODFiNmQ2YWM4NTY4MTg4XzItOS0xLTEtMA_b0509a97-4063-43af-a9f1-89948650f342


      contextRef=i93e5418e9394444fbb5622c71354f69d_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2YmVhYWQyMzlhNzI0NjA2OTgxYjZkNmFjODU2ODE4OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZiZWFhZDIzOWE3MjQ2MDY5ODFiNmQ2YWM4NTY4MTg4XzItMTEtMS0xLTA_8ce3c887-670d-4a3c-95d5-23a60824dbc2


      contextRef=i8c693842cb95483785032ad230095a8c_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2YmVhYWQyMzlhNzI0NjA2OTgxYjZkNmFjODU2ODE4OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZiZWFhZDIzOWE3MjQ2MDY5ODFiNmQ2YWM4NTY4MTg4XzMtMS0xLTEtMA_10dfa651-fd0c-43dd-9020-d0c2a253c00f


      contextRef=i8c693842cb95483785032ad230095a8c_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2YmVhYWQyMzlhNzI0NjA2OTgxYjZkNmFjODU2ODE4OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZiZWFhZDIzOWE3MjQ2MDY5ODFiNmQ2YWM4NTY4MTg4XzMtMy0xLTEtMA_86a2fdec-bf9a-4b28-b1c4-51a077c2ec0b


      contextRef=i3685b19d9ddb41178a204265fbf6ac48_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2YmVhYWQyMzlhNzI0NjA2OTgxYjZkNmFjODU2ODE4OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZiZWFhZDIzOWE3MjQ2MDY5ODFiNmQ2YWM4NTY4MTg4XzMtNS0xLTEtMA_140185b0-63d7-4769-bbf3-ff538cfab8d1


      contextRef=i3685b19d9ddb41178a204265fbf6ac48_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2YmVhYWQyMzlhNzI0NjA2OTgxYjZkNmFjODU2ODE4OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZiZWFhZDIzOWE3MjQ2MDY5ODFiNmQ2YWM4NTY4MTg4XzMtNy0xLTEtMA_9aea096d-7aeb-4298-b45c-042167059665


      contextRef=i93e5418e9394444fbb5622c71354f69d_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2YmVhYWQyMzlhNzI0NjA2OTgxYjZkNmFjODU2ODE4OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZiZWFhZDIzOWE3MjQ2MDY5ODFiNmQ2YWM4NTY4MTg4XzMtOS0xLTEtMA_94f5c5d7-683c-4243-9ecf-8c17fe8afdb2


      contextRef=i93e5418e9394444fbb5622c71354f69d_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2YmVhYWQyMzlhNzI0NjA2OTgxYjZkNmFjODU2ODE4OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZiZWFhZDIzOWE3MjQ2MDY5ODFiNmQ2YWM4NTY4MTg4XzMtMTEtMS0xLTA_5191ca62-0519-411d-8e86-acede282dba1


      contextRef=i8c693842cb95483785032ad230095a8c_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2YmVhYWQyMzlhNzI0NjA2OTgxYjZkNmFjODU2ODE4OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZiZWFhZDIzOWE3MjQ2MDY5ODFiNmQ2YWM4NTY4MTg4XzQtMS0xLTEtMA_3035a5df-b61a-45bc-bae6-a7b33a27afad


      contextRef=i8c693842cb95483785032ad230095a8c_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2YmVhYWQyMzlhNzI0NjA2OTgxYjZkNmFjODU2ODE4OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZiZWFhZDIzOWE3MjQ2MDY5ODFiNmQ2YWM4NTY4MTg4XzQtMy0xLTEtMA_4f29e746-a018-4820-9d0d-f314f1f22d08


      contextRef=i3685b19d9ddb41178a204265fbf6ac48_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2YmVhYWQyMzlhNzI0NjA2OTgxYjZkNmFjODU2ODE4OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZiZWFhZDIzOWE3MjQ2MDY5ODFiNmQ2YWM4NTY4MTg4XzQtNS0xLTEtMA_6fd2a7e8-0e95-430e-a809-c99954fd1e84


      contextRef=i3685b19d9ddb41178a204265fbf6ac48_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2YmVhYWQyMzlhNzI0NjA2OTgxYjZkNmFjODU2ODE4OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZiZWFhZDIzOWE3MjQ2MDY5ODFiNmQ2YWM4NTY4MTg4XzQtNy0xLTEtMA_e19481ce-08eb-4ef0-8880-e926da51376e


      contextRef=i93e5418e9394444fbb5622c71354f69d_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2YmVhYWQyMzlhNzI0NjA2OTgxYjZkNmFjODU2ODE4OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZiZWFhZDIzOWE3MjQ2MDY5ODFiNmQ2YWM4NTY4MTg4XzQtOS0xLTEtMA_2dd773ba-dca5-4551-8344-639f534b6885


      contextRef=i93e5418e9394444fbb5622c71354f69d_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2YmVhYWQyMzlhNzI0NjA2OTgxYjZkNmFjODU2ODE4OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZiZWFhZDIzOWE3MjQ2MDY5ODFiNmQ2YWM4NTY4MTg4XzQtMTEtMS0xLTA_ce457a89-a878-46f2-85c7-9d668cccdf91


      contextRef=if3acdf97af1941bb84b524e69e43e86d_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2YmVhYWQyMzlhNzI0NjA2OTgxYjZkNmFjODU2ODE4OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZiZWFhZDIzOWE3MjQ2MDY5ODFiNmQ2YWM4NTY4MTg4XzUtMS0xLTEtMA_45b26f8f-1fd7-4fbb-8a28-ec30947ca119


      contextRef=if3acdf97af1941bb84b524e69e43e86d_I20210630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2YmVhYWQyMzlhNzI0NjA2OTgxYjZkNmFjODU2ODE4OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZiZWFhZDIzOWE3MjQ2MDY5ODFiNmQ2YWM4NTY4MTg4XzUtMy0xLTEtMA_63ba2f10-c0d7-437c-9536-37a979910873


      contextRef=i506b84097f0649ea9388eaad5c7a7be0_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2YmVhYWQyMzlhNzI0NjA2OTgxYjZkNmFjODU2ODE4OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZiZWFhZDIzOWE3MjQ2MDY5ODFiNmQ2YWM4NTY4MTg4XzUtNS0xLTEtMA_63334b58-701c-41d9-b812-5a16d0c1529a


      contextRef=i506b84097f0649ea9388eaad5c7a7be0_I20200630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2YmVhYWQyMzlhNzI0NjA2OTgxYjZkNmFjODU2ODE4OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZiZWFhZDIzOWE3MjQ2MDY5ODFiNmQ2YWM4NTY4MTg4XzUtNy0xLTEtMA_8c6107f9-5a92-4616-8978-b24ce20cf992


      contextRef=i65bc7c5da2d2435ca510147b6522bb23_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2YmVhYWQyMzlhNzI0NjA2OTgxYjZkNmFjODU2ODE4OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZiZWFhZDIzOWE3MjQ2MDY5ODFiNmQ2YWM4NTY4MTg4XzUtOS0xLTEtMA_3883afc1-dd49-41f9-b03f-14d5698906a2


      contextRef=i65bc7c5da2d2435ca510147b6522bb23_I20190630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2YmVhYWQyMzlhNzI0NjA2OTgxYjZkNmFjODU2ODE4OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjZiZWFhZDIzOWE3MjQ2MDY5ODFiNmQ2YWM4NTY4MTg4XzUtMTEtMS0xLTA_e0c7e455-68bd-4673-bfeb-cb6bf82dea4d


      contextRef=i6f1607b6d86047b3a97641d8cb707bf3_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzU0OTc1NTgxNTQ4NTI_5664c685-ec35-4d47-a22a-aedb91c97921


      contextRef=i7af28717562d44aa938ca06ed29c36bf_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzU0OTc1NTgxNTQ4NTk_9b5446f0-37d5-4d66-9646-d479eb53b50a


      contextRef=i53d689b99ace4d738e2d5f087915c5d4_I20181106
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzU0OTc1NTgxNTQ4NzY_3560bb5a-00ce-4b94-a482-bf35d3a44e52


      contextRef=i32531be10e9c43fc917b45baa17370ea_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzMxMjk_01567d8a-dcf7-4054-97b9-f77486c2ca14


      contextRef=i9828ffc8907a4a04b33d59714b01e810_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzU0OTc1NTgxNTQ5NDQ_d85a8d5c-66db-44e6-979b-c107b6b6f40d


      contextRef=i9828ffc8907a4a04b33d59714b01e810_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzU0OTc1NTgxNTQ5NTM_e5382530-053c-43f1-a60c-fb53edb5c824


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 RSUs and PSUs) granted and vested
 and the tax benefit recognized from restricted stock vesting
 for the last three fiscal years ended June 30 is as follows: &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.853%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:63.760%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:9.295%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.703%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:9.295%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.703%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:9.444%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:8pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Fiscal Year Ended June 30










      contextRef=i8c693842cb95483785032ad230095a8c_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTozZWFhNjg1MzA1MGY0ZDcyYThkYzNlOTg3MDkyNjYxYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNlYWE2ODUzMDUwZjRkNzJhOGRjM2U5ODcwOTI2NjFjXzItMS0xLTEtMA_8547bc9e-4a87-44bc-bc36-f5af183ee19c


      contextRef=i3685b19d9ddb41178a204265fbf6ac48_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTozZWFhNjg1MzA1MGY0ZDcyYThkYzNlOTg3MDkyNjYxYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNlYWE2ODUzMDUwZjRkNzJhOGRjM2U5ODcwOTI2NjFjXzItMy0xLTEtMA_d761b1fd-1a0f-4ae3-9dd9-a4186a3cfac7


      contextRef=i93e5418e9394444fbb5622c71354f69d_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTozZWFhNjg1MzA1MGY0ZDcyYThkYzNlOTg3MDkyNjYxYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNlYWE2ODUzMDUwZjRkNzJhOGRjM2U5ODcwOTI2NjFjXzItNS0xLTEtMA_54d00243-1676-4edb-ad2e-51519237f764


      contextRef=i8c693842cb95483785032ad230095a8c_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTozZWFhNjg1MzA1MGY0ZDcyYThkYzNlOTg3MDkyNjYxYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNlYWE2ODUzMDUwZjRkNzJhOGRjM2U5ODcwOTI2NjFjXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_641317d6-481f-4128-8cef-ca6f669597dc


      contextRef=i3685b19d9ddb41178a204265fbf6ac48_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTozZWFhNjg1MzA1MGY0ZDcyYThkYzNlOTg3MDkyNjYxYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNlYWE2ODUzMDUwZjRkNzJhOGRjM2U5ODcwOTI2NjFjXzMtMy0xLTEtMA_286448ed-0beb-477e-bd59-78fcf5a1300b


      contextRef=i93e5418e9394444fbb5622c71354f69d_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTozZWFhNjg1MzA1MGY0ZDcyYThkYzNlOTg3MDkyNjYxYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNlYWE2ODUzMDUwZjRkNzJhOGRjM2U5ODcwOTI2NjFjXzMtNS0xLTEtMA_99b6a688-3196-4d79-ac80-c9d647311a35


      contextRef=i8c693842cb95483785032ad230095a8c_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTozZWFhNjg1MzA1MGY0ZDcyYThkYzNlOTg3MDkyNjYxYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNlYWE2ODUzMDUwZjRkNzJhOGRjM2U5ODcwOTI2NjFjXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_c117703d-2faf-430c-8dad-8852c957a96f


      contextRef=i3685b19d9ddb41178a204265fbf6ac48_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTozZWFhNjg1MzA1MGY0ZDcyYThkYzNlOTg3MDkyNjYxYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNlYWE2ODUzMDUwZjRkNzJhOGRjM2U5ODcwOTI2NjFjXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_a63f85db-c000-4cf5-b079-c3d0f29b3b1c


      contextRef=i93e5418e9394444fbb5622c71354f69d_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTozZWFhNjg1MzA1MGY0ZDcyYThkYzNlOTg3MDkyNjYxYy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNlYWE2ODUzMDUwZjRkNzJhOGRjM2U5ODcwOTI2NjFjXzQtNS0xLTEtMA_362ae334-a1e9-44aa-9b5a-b23718aa6c76


      contextRef=if3acdf97af1941bb84b524e69e43e86d_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzM3NjI_035f7005-14d2-4cc9-8bc0-95c6257cb47e


      contextRef=i8c693842cb95483785032ad230095a8c_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=ia8fb132b83834b238e35be24d0f46914_D20190124-20190124
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzUxODY_221a4fb5-7714-43b9-aa12-4137d6b551e5


      contextRef=i198bf8703cb64b66a26d95d2c8d5df6d_D20190124-20190124
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzUxOTI_43417881-a399-4453-9618-bc887a52a1af


      contextRef=ib6d0843ef0a8433280cb94ce1a07ddb1_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzU0MTQ_0914a0ae-62d2-4e59-baea-60fa9ffc4b6b


      contextRef=i6b2784f0175949dea9e76f42eb9d01be_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzU0MjE_4b453164-91f4-4397-8543-9bca3ac10220


      contextRef=i2e38a17ca436437786ba74e753f2295a_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzEwOTk1MTE2MzgwMTU_7a4e1627-f835-4e86-927d-78162e4b826e


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630



      contextRef=ib6d0843ef0a8433280cb94ce1a07ddb1_I20210630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo0ZDJkZGQ3ZjVhMjM0ZjgxOWQxNjYxMjJmZGQ1YzdjNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMmRkZDdmNWEyMzRmODE5ZDE2NjEyMmZkZDVjN2M0XzItMS0xLTEtNTc3OA_e27d186d-9bb8-47a7-91e2-c94c0525a4e3


      contextRef=i6b2784f0175949dea9e76f42eb9d01be_I20200630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo0ZDJkZGQ3ZjVhMjM0ZjgxOWQxNjYxMjJmZGQ1YzdjNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMmRkZDdmNWEyMzRmODE5ZDE2NjEyMmZkZDVjN2M0XzItMy0xLTEtNTc3OA_c8516ab7-908b-4fdf-a65c-26d7bbbd5c69


      contextRef=i2e38a17ca436437786ba74e753f2295a_I20190630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo0ZDJkZGQ3ZjVhMjM0ZjgxOWQxNjYxMjJmZGQ1YzdjNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMmRkZDdmNWEyMzRmODE5ZDE2NjEyMmZkZDVjN2M0XzItNS0xLTEtNTc3OA_dd668533-f1c2-407f-8ea7-8a8e755323cb


      contextRef=i29afc881e3fd425195e1d27b52b0cc60_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=4
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo0ZDJkZGQ3ZjVhMjM0ZjgxOWQxNjYxMjJmZGQ1YzdjNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMmRkZDdmNWEyMzRmODE5ZDE2NjEyMmZkZDVjN2M0XzItMS0xLTEtNDk3Ng_b91dc183-92d5-41e0-9d47-4ccaa88ec502


      contextRef=i3492804c0a164f96907334f4eee57c32_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=4
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo0ZDJkZGQ3ZjVhMjM0ZjgxOWQxNjYxMjJmZGQ1YzdjNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMmRkZDdmNWEyMzRmODE5ZDE2NjEyMmZkZDVjN2M0XzItMy0xLTEtNDk4MA_674962e1-32a1-478f-832f-db942e98901f


      contextRef=i34eb315b5a204993aeadb70586dd2c1f_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=4
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo0ZDJkZGQ3ZjVhMjM0ZjgxOWQxNjYxMjJmZGQ1YzdjNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMmRkZDdmNWEyMzRmODE5ZDE2NjEyMmZkZDVjN2M0XzItNS0xLTEtNDk4Mw_9fd6d8cb-a0ad-48ad-906f-38b6ced55115


      contextRef=i29afc881e3fd425195e1d27b52b0cc60_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo0ZDJkZGQ3ZjVhMjM0ZjgxOWQxNjYxMjJmZGQ1YzdjNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMmRkZDdmNWEyMzRmODE5ZDE2NjEyMmZkZDVjN2M0XzMtMS0xLTEtNDk3Ng_828b90fa-623b-4e65-af56-14f74a0a3719


      contextRef=i3492804c0a164f96907334f4eee57c32_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo0ZDJkZGQ3ZjVhMjM0ZjgxOWQxNjYxMjJmZGQ1YzdjNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMmRkZDdmNWEyMzRmODE5ZDE2NjEyMmZkZDVjN2M0XzMtMy0xLTEtNDk4MA_eaee551d-3e0c-4a17-9b64-0c92cc313a95


      contextRef=i34eb315b5a204993aeadb70586dd2c1f_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo0ZDJkZGQ3ZjVhMjM0ZjgxOWQxNjYxMjJmZGQ1YzdjNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMmRkZDdmNWEyMzRmODE5ZDE2NjEyMmZkZDVjN2M0XzMtNS0xLTEtNDk4Mw_c5df5406-9d3d-4b1a-b86a-95d7553a9acd


      contextRef=i29afc881e3fd425195e1d27b52b0cc60_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=4
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo0ZDJkZGQ3ZjVhMjM0ZjgxOWQxNjYxMjJmZGQ1YzdjNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMmRkZDdmNWEyMzRmODE5ZDE2NjEyMmZkZDVjN2M0XzQtMS0xLTEtNDk3Ng_3bf851c6-6daa-40e0-8e90-e032b9115014


      contextRef=i3492804c0a164f96907334f4eee57c32_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=4
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo0ZDJkZGQ3ZjVhMjM0ZjgxOWQxNjYxMjJmZGQ1YzdjNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMmRkZDdmNWEyMzRmODE5ZDE2NjEyMmZkZDVjN2M0XzQtMy0xLTEtNDk4MA_233b07d1-1e22-4484-8b17-6958da69259a


      contextRef=i34eb315b5a204993aeadb70586dd2c1f_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=4
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo0ZDJkZGQ3ZjVhMjM0ZjgxOWQxNjYxMjJmZGQ1YzdjNC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjRkMmRkZDdmNWEyMzRmODE5ZDE2NjEyMmZkZDVjN2M0XzQtNS0xLTEtNDk4Mw_43c57668-cfe1-4666-b006-1580ba53345c


      contextRef=i29afc881e3fd425195e1d27b52b0cc60_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i3492804c0a164f96907334f4eee57c32_D20190701-20200630


      contextRef=i34eb315b5a204993aeadb70586dd2c1f_D20180701-20190630


      contextRef=i25c14a66bd2840cabb6bc96615cf6ba6_D20190124-20190124
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzU5MzI_5b588a1d-1a1f-496a-bc9d-d965c8671e12


      contextRef=ife36dac92d044c58ad0eabfd71b5d417_D20190124-20190124
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzU5Mzg_5eeaa98a-a390-4e6e-b21b-c35d80cd1703


      contextRef=i19c0a698463a432d84883db17bf8b01c_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzEwOTk1MTE2MzgzNDQ_5c87f7a5-fbdf-442e-a923-da8299cdb589


      contextRef=i19c0a698463a432d84883db17bf8b01c_I20190630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzYwMzY_e3063c39-b306-423a-b8ff-c92bbd1aaf35


      contextRef=ie7124ce1cf9b42999c0ac9953ec6b54f_I20180630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzYwNDk_72f52a99-0863-47d9-a37d-8925ed5e978a


      contextRef=i3e61378610ab4c9f82788045d8a2d8d2_I20200630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzYwNDk_743248ed-f1bb-420f-b12b-20fd85a302fd


      contextRef=i2172258fc23b44f5909bb11450ba700d_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzMyOTg1MzQ4OTUwMjM_582e3538-6174-42ea-83fb-0e5442534125


      contextRef=i53d689b99ace4d738e2d5f087915c5d4_I20181106
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5Xzc2MDc_3560bb5a-00ce-4b94-a482-bf35d3a44e52


      contextRef=i6cc6b4bd5e4b4dbeabefd3c8c01f165a_I20181106
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5Xzc2NTc_d5861bb9-08ad-492d-a8ee-07359b4269fc


      contextRef=i9ce7cd39511f4e9095bd643917ba6129_D20181106-20181106


      contextRef=i53d689b99ace4d738e2d5f087915c5d4_I20181106
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5Xzc4NDU_4fd66132-10e9-401a-88f2-79365647833e


      contextRef=i9ce7cd39511f4e9095bd643917ba6129_D20181106-20181106


      contextRef=i5b15da800ffa4916897e76a28d60e84e_D20181106-20181106
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5Xzc5MDc_e4af0509-c97d-4ca4-9988-bf64234af273


      contextRef=i9ce7cd39511f4e9095bd643917ba6129_D20181106-20181106


      contextRef=i53d689b99ace4d738e2d5f087915c5d4_I20181106
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2N2Y0OWEzNzJlOTA0YjM4YjU1OWM4NmEzM2IwMGU4NC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjY3ZjQ5YTM3MmU5MDRiMzhiNTU5Yzg2YTMzYjAwZTg0XzAtMS0xLTEtNTYyOA_bd36d4ff-722e-4f27-a424-13c58bff8fdf


      contextRef=i9ce7cd39511f4e9095bd643917ba6129_D20181106-20181106
      decimals=4
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2N2Y0OWEzNzJlOTA0YjM4YjU1OWM4NmEzM2IwMGU4NC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjY3ZjQ5YTM3MmU5MDRiMzhiNTU5Yzg2YTMzYjAwZTg0XzAtMS0xLTEtNTU5MA_187670ff-bd59-4e0f-9c4c-01b97c6599a3


      contextRef=i9ce7cd39511f4e9095bd643917ba6129_D20181106-20181106
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2N2Y0OWEzNzJlOTA0YjM4YjU1OWM4NmEzM2IwMGU4NC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjY3ZjQ5YTM3MmU5MDRiMzhiNTU5Yzg2YTMzYjAwZTg0XzEtMS0xLTEtNTU5MA_cf322786-18d5-4b99-9377-c7d151aa3db7


      contextRef=i9ce7cd39511f4e9095bd643917ba6129_D20181106-20181106
      decimals=4
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTo2N2Y0OWEzNzJlOTA0YjM4YjU1OWM4NmEzM2IwMGU4NC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjY3ZjQ5YTM3MmU5MDRiMzhiNTU5Yzg2YTMzYjAwZTg0XzItMS0xLTEtNTU5MA_4f9e26d2-1982-40a5-a8df-e1543e4425e6


      contextRef=i9ce7cd39511f4e9095bd643917ba6129_D20181106-20181106


      contextRef=i53d689b99ace4d738e2d5f087915c5d4_I20181106
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzU0OTc1NTgxNTc3Mzc_5b32c4c0-2fb5-4055-bc8a-56d81f4067d2


      contextRef=i3e19a61d29aa40d3979b1ae8f6323e73_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzEwOTk1MTE2Mzg3MDY_762de09a-4ac8-4fb2-b6fe-de3f28d4d189


      contextRef=i7c1ddb09ca1c413b86b2cf10ebd365f8_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzgyNjI_5dd02184-754b-4695-b7bc-a5279ee4d919


      contextRef=i06c6c358373145fba0d587ad3038389e_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzgyNjk_b6510d27-9bb1-4e8c-bc9e-fd3bd613b0a7


      contextRef=i7029474eb6184df98ce3f7c349bca538_I20181130
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzgzODQ_c3d6694c-fc0b-4200-818d-26bcc603c3da


      contextRef=i4ae8d64de7cd4f7393715f81bfcfc0d6_D20181101-20181130


      contextRef=i329c59ce16b843a8b73eb8a099a6c6c9_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i5be1bc57badb4b4484742528ea09f229_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzU0OTc1NTgxNTU5Nzk_ba10e49b-8881-4d92-8396-01f5ed8794b8


      contextRef=i2e89f08dfd1d47768fe4e04c71807c8e_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzU0OTc1NTgxNTU5ODY_e6b8af9b-8e9f-4256-a1f6-394a2a45639d


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630





471&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;Former Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense








      contextRef=i4b93ff31c4eb45ff874bd7681e3c3aaa_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTozOTc4YWM4YWUxODE0ZGY3YjIzMjNlN2E1NTE1NGNmNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM5NzhhYzhhZTE4MTRkZjdiMjMyM2U3YTU1MTU0Y2Y3XzItMS0xLTEtMA_abe28ea1-c3a9-48a2-a246-b4afec124bea


      contextRef=i5b045cacfd644fd5b903be192f05a16d_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTozOTc4YWM4YWUxODE0ZGY3YjIzMjNlN2E1NTE1NGNmNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM5NzhhYzhhZTE4MTRkZjdiMjMyM2U3YTU1MTU0Y2Y3XzItMy0xLTEtMA_8361516d-1d93-4db2-94ba-b422515147b3


      contextRef=i1a83c9757d49404ea1ce6ca249a47bf2_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTozOTc4YWM4YWUxODE0ZGY3YjIzMjNlN2E1NTE1NGNmNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM5NzhhYzhhZTE4MTRkZjdiMjMyM2U3YTU1MTU0Y2Y3XzItNS0xLTEtMA_2bbb4d47-07d0-4a67-bb9b-1d484635c327


      contextRef=i887f8f9cf5324f5c90d22c6bffd3f859_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTozOTc4YWM4YWUxODE0ZGY3YjIzMjNlN2E1NTE1NGNmNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM5NzhhYzhhZTE4MTRkZjdiMjMyM2U3YTU1MTU0Y2Y3XzMtMS0xLTEtMA_a6b8f1b2-a8f2-4361-b153-c6b43b0cca4c


      contextRef=if8b1c3ca6dc14c5fa2abc490f033a8b2_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTozOTc4YWM4YWUxODE0ZGY3YjIzMjNlN2E1NTE1NGNmNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM5NzhhYzhhZTE4MTRkZjdiMjMyM2U3YTU1MTU0Y2Y3XzMtMy0xLTEtMA_03e012a1-3a9d-4369-bcb4-efb284086477


      contextRef=i8abc6f47161449959dc87f060216e9a0_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTozOTc4YWM4YWUxODE0ZGY3YjIzMjNlN2E1NTE1NGNmNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM5NzhhYzhhZTE4MTRkZjdiMjMyM2U3YTU1MTU0Y2Y3XzMtNS0xLTEtMA_575c507a-485c-41d2-8200-1776f7ebb985


      contextRef=i9a215d77512b46c4b3c2d6a90b803404_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTozOTc4YWM4YWUxODE0ZGY3YjIzMjNlN2E1NTE1NGNmNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM5NzhhYzhhZTE4MTRkZjdiMjMyM2U3YTU1MTU0Y2Y3XzQtMS0xLTEtMA_227a10d5-9a4d-4dba-82e7-061197b3d5d6


      contextRef=ic6bcf8414bff4b7b834983d7dccb99b1_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTozOTc4YWM4YWUxODE0ZGY3YjIzMjNlN2E1NTE1NGNmNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM5NzhhYzhhZTE4MTRkZjdiMjMyM2U3YTU1MTU0Y2Y3XzQtMy0xLTEtMA_1277884f-5597-4ce6-b702-32d508b9d038


      contextRef=i21eda35fe46141e997d83017587e525c_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTozOTc4YWM4YWUxODE0ZGY3YjIzMjNlN2E1NTE1NGNmNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM5NzhhYzhhZTE4MTRkZjdiMjMyM2U3YTU1MTU0Y2Y3XzQtNS0xLTEtMA_29b1728b-b5d5-4577-a7f1-aa4a75ed679d


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTozOTc4YWM4YWUxODE0ZGY3YjIzMjNlN2E1NTE1NGNmNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM5NzhhYzhhZTE4MTRkZjdiMjMyM2U3YTU1MTU0Y2Y3XzUtMS0xLTEtMA_eadc2fb4-24c2-433b-9a96-4713af5f35fd


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTozOTc4YWM4YWUxODE0ZGY3YjIzMjNlN2E1NTE1NGNmNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM5NzhhYzhhZTE4MTRkZjdiMjMyM2U3YTU1MTU0Y2Y3XzUtMy0xLTEtMA_160431c8-ed11-4f26-a5b2-7153a0dbe627


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTozOTc4YWM4YWUxODE0ZGY3YjIzMjNlN2E1NTE1NGNmNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM5NzhhYzhhZTE4MTRkZjdiMjMyM2U3YTU1MTU0Y2Y3XzUtNS0xLTEtMA_45b0c8cd-fdc5-4b0b-82c9-322eb6799687


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTozOTc4YWM4YWUxODE0ZGY3YjIzMjNlN2E1NTE1NGNmNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM5NzhhYzhhZTE4MTRkZjdiMjMyM2U3YTU1MTU0Y2Y3XzYtMS0xLTEtMA_af8a22a5-1cd3-4311-b7d6-538ea1f87196


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTozOTc4YWM4YWUxODE0ZGY3YjIzMjNlN2E1NTE1NGNmNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM5NzhhYzhhZTE4MTRkZjdiMjMyM2U3YTU1MTU0Y2Y3XzYtMy0xLTEtMA_1f8abdf9-f966-4cc3-b261-f30b787b5d00


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90YWJsZTozOTc4YWM4YWUxODE0ZGY3YjIzMjNlN2E1NTE1NGNmNy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjM5NzhhYzhhZTE4MTRkZjdiMjMyM2U3YTU1MTU0Y2Y3XzYtNS0xLTEtMA_fe3c2e9c-d29e-4232-bceb-e85d8f958e2d


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzkzMTA_0e123668-014e-4beb-a707-35a9bb414c7e


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzkzMTA_14b6ef67-66e6-4e8d-92d5-a74014e91949


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzkzMTA_dd47ebbd-ef9b-4173-9141-ae119f57f954


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5Xzk0NTY_25611928-4696-43c2-9fd7-2893a3918567


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5Xzk0NTY_3670254c-8eb2-4a65-ad67-1f8113b01473


      contextRef=i396c4e5beca74184b9989d548c90040e_I20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5Xzk0NTY_f08b04c6-e1ee-4aa4-9b75-6f5ce1306140


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5Xzk5MzE_5902a82e-258f-4033-854c-0380bd587bbb


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzEwMDUy_70b2ae64-c842-4d13-b088-8d8609ae7614


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTAvZnJhZzo1NDc0ZjRiODZmODU0ZGJkOTY5NTEzNGVhNDZhZmE0OS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjU0NzRmNGI4NmY4NTRkYmQ5Njk1MTM0ZWE0NmFmYTQ5XzEwMDcz_b3819124-9125-45e0-a1f5-822bb9fabd3e


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 2015
 the Company acquired a minority equity interest in Chop&#x2019;t Creative Salad Company LLC
 predecessor to Founders Table Restaurant Group
 LLC (&#x201c;Founders Table&#x201d;). Founders Table owns and operates the fast-casual restaurant chains Chopt Creative Salad Co. and Dos Toros Taqueria. The investment is being accounted for as an equity method investment due to the Company&#x2019;s representation on the Board of Directors of Founders Table. At June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020
 the carrying value of the Company&#x2019;s investment in Founders Table was $10
699 and $12
793
 respectively
 and is included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as a component of Investments and joint ventures.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:112%&gt;The Company also holds the following investments: (a) Hutchison Hain Organic Holdings Limited (&#x201c;HHO&#x201d;) with Hutchison China Meditech Ltd.
 a joint venture accounted for under the equity method of accounting
 (b) Hain Future Natural Products Private Ltd. (&#x201c;HFN&#x201d;) with Future Consumer Ltd
 a joint venture accounted for under the fair value method of accounting and (c) Yeo Hiap Seng Limited (&#x201c;YHS&#x201d;)
 a less than 1% equity ownership interest carried at fair value in which the Company recognizes in net income any changes in fair value. The carrying value of these combined investments was $6
218 and $4
646 as of June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020
 respectively


      contextRef=i67912e4788a64b73b5f99a2c54cbb515_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTYvZnJhZzplOGMzNTFiNTJmYjU0NDk1YjQ5NzVmZTEzZTZkMTZlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmU4YzM1MWI1MmZiNTQ0OTViNDk3NWZlMTNlNmQxNmUyXzUwOQ_adf44c6b-150a-4335-a3d9-a9f35a5e5384


      contextRef=ie7267d8ba5904567b89594207c282dac_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTYvZnJhZzplOGMzNTFiNTJmYjU0NDk1YjQ5NzVmZTEzZTZkMTZlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmU4YzM1MWI1MmZiNTQ0OTViNDk3NWZlMTNlNmQxNmUyXzUxNg_063a7f3f-2fad-436b-a6f4-f455a5d3e772


      contextRef=icf4ab532360f4181abc0b12391fa832c_I20210630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTYvZnJhZzplOGMzNTFiNTJmYjU0NDk1YjQ5NzVmZTEzZTZkMTZlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmU4YzM1MWI1MmZiNTQ0OTViNDk3NWZlMTNlNmQxNmUyXzEwMzI_5ce608ef-2319-455e-86a2-2e5eaecd84a7


      contextRef=i34ef866f24ca4938acf871b46d53d309_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTYvZnJhZzplOGMzNTFiNTJmYjU0NDk1YjQ5NzVmZTEzZTZkMTZlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmU4YzM1MWI1MmZiNTQ0OTViNDk3NWZlMTNlNmQxNmUyXzExNjc_814bcea6-8bd7-4578-a5a8-a1a2fa5df973


      contextRef=i67454e382ed1488f93a92c76ff58164a_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTYvZnJhZzplOGMzNTFiNTJmYjU0NDk1YjQ5NzVmZTEzZTZkMTZlMi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmU4YzM1MWI1MmZiNTQ0OTViNDk3NWZlMTNlNmQxNmUyXzExNzQ_2519b7cc-ab3f-4fcd-afd9-61936bbaf5e7


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


 or inputs which are observable
 either directly or indirectly

 supported by little or no market activity).&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:36pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The following table presents by level within the fair value hierarchy
 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of June&#160;30






 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of June&#160;30









 a food and beverage manufacturer and distributor based in Singapore. Fair value is measured using the market approach based on quoted prices.&#160; The Company utilizes the income approach to measure fair value for its foreign currency forward contracts.&#160; The income approach uses pricing models that rely on market observable inputs such as yield curves
 currency exchange rates and forward prices.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;There were no transfers of financial instruments between the three levels of fair value hierarchy during the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2021 or 2020.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 net
 accounts payable and certain accrued expenses and other current liabilities approximate fair value due to the short-term maturities of these financial instruments.  The Company&#x2019;s debt approximates fair value due to the debt bearing fluctuating market interest rates (See Note 11

 including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives
 including the period to maturity
 and uses observable market-based inputs
 including interest rate curves and implied volatilities. The fair values of interest rate swaps are determined using the market standard methodology of netting the discounted future fixed cash receipts (or payments) and the discounted expected variable cash payments (or receipts). The variable cash payments (or receipts) are based on an expectation of future interest rates (forward curves) derived from observable market interest rate curves.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;In accordance with the provisions of ASC 820

 we incorporate credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both the Company&#x2019;s nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty&#x2019;s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements. In adjusting the fair value of the Company&#x2019;s derivative contracts for the effect of nonperformance risk
 the Company has considered the impact of netting and any applicable credit enhancements
 such as collateral postings
 thresholds
 mutual puts and guarantees.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Although the Company has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy
 the credit valuation adjustments associated with its derivatives utilize Level 3 inputs
 such as estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the likelihood of default by the Company and its counterparties.  The Company has determined that the significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments made to its derivative contracts
 which determination was based on the fair value of each individual contract
 was not significant to the overall valuation. As a result
 all of the derivatives held as of June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020 were classified as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The fair value estimates presented in the fair value hierarchy tables above are based on information available to management as of June&#160;30


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of June&#160;30






 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of June&#160;30










      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozYWEwOTliZWQ5MzI0NmI2ODIxMWQ2NTg0MzI0YTY2OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNhYTA5OWJlZDkzMjQ2YjY4MjExZDY1ODQzMjRhNjY4XzMtMS0xLTEtMA_24fabb5f-6817-4d15-8f4e-08895a672eb8


      contextRef=i1e1e622fccd64d2a8095ee131d37281d_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozYWEwOTliZWQ5MzI0NmI2ODIxMWQ2NTg0MzI0YTY2OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNhYTA5OWJlZDkzMjQ2YjY4MjExZDY1ODQzMjRhNjY4XzMtMy0xLTEtMA_7df2de0c-e2b8-446f-b2c7-ae818ee0374b


      contextRef=i58cebee2ebde4672957d3bdad7350513_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozYWEwOTliZWQ5MzI0NmI2ODIxMWQ2NTg0MzI0YTY2OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNhYTA5OWJlZDkzMjQ2YjY4MjExZDY1ODQzMjRhNjY4XzMtNS0xLTEtMA_0094b173-233f-4ff2-adee-0091ff4fe388


      contextRef=i511c08eecf0c435b9f3bf2269f2e9e4e_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozYWEwOTliZWQ5MzI0NmI2ODIxMWQ2NTg0MzI0YTY2OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNhYTA5OWJlZDkzMjQ2YjY4MjExZDY1ODQzMjRhNjY4XzMtNy0xLTEtMA_96772cb3-d78e-4306-a11a-84e92c6c7b89


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozYWEwOTliZWQ5MzI0NmI2ODIxMWQ2NTg0MzI0YTY2OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNhYTA5OWJlZDkzMjQ2YjY4MjExZDY1ODQzMjRhNjY4XzQtMS0xLTEtMA_5708be73-e682-492a-92d1-75be095b93a0


      contextRef=i1e1e622fccd64d2a8095ee131d37281d_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozYWEwOTliZWQ5MzI0NmI2ODIxMWQ2NTg0MzI0YTY2OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNhYTA5OWJlZDkzMjQ2YjY4MjExZDY1ODQzMjRhNjY4XzQtMy0xLTEtMA_3e2e01bb-ef4d-40c8-a889-d8563f73cf28


      contextRef=i58cebee2ebde4672957d3bdad7350513_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozYWEwOTliZWQ5MzI0NmI2ODIxMWQ2NTg0MzI0YTY2OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNhYTA5OWJlZDkzMjQ2YjY4MjExZDY1ODQzMjRhNjY4XzQtNS0xLTEtMA_6df0c475-b739-4ff2-8b93-32428cfb55ce


      contextRef=i511c08eecf0c435b9f3bf2269f2e9e4e_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozYWEwOTliZWQ5MzI0NmI2ODIxMWQ2NTg0MzI0YTY2OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNhYTA5OWJlZDkzMjQ2YjY4MjExZDY1ODQzMjRhNjY4XzQtNy0xLTEtMA_f1f390c8-a955-4135-bc33-47ef6a1c8751


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozYWEwOTliZWQ5MzI0NmI2ODIxMWQ2NTg0MzI0YTY2OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNhYTA5OWJlZDkzMjQ2YjY4MjExZDY1ODQzMjRhNjY4XzUtMS0xLTEtMA_b4446d9d-ef9b-4e0b-b40b-ba007c9ce65a


      contextRef=i1e1e622fccd64d2a8095ee131d37281d_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozYWEwOTliZWQ5MzI0NmI2ODIxMWQ2NTg0MzI0YTY2OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNhYTA5OWJlZDkzMjQ2YjY4MjExZDY1ODQzMjRhNjY4XzUtMy0xLTEtMA_e0d7f419-44c1-456a-b752-e4d91b25b347


      contextRef=i58cebee2ebde4672957d3bdad7350513_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozYWEwOTliZWQ5MzI0NmI2ODIxMWQ2NTg0MzI0YTY2OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNhYTA5OWJlZDkzMjQ2YjY4MjExZDY1ODQzMjRhNjY4XzUtNS0xLTEtMA_e634a5ee-79b0-4414-988f-c1688b29e4ab


      contextRef=i511c08eecf0c435b9f3bf2269f2e9e4e_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozYWEwOTliZWQ5MzI0NmI2ODIxMWQ2NTg0MzI0YTY2OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNhYTA5OWJlZDkzMjQ2YjY4MjExZDY1ODQzMjRhNjY4XzUtNy0xLTEtMA_215dd2a1-c8d8-4b0f-860f-de638db5a8f4


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozYWEwOTliZWQ5MzI0NmI2ODIxMWQ2NTg0MzI0YTY2OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNhYTA5OWJlZDkzMjQ2YjY4MjExZDY1ODQzMjRhNjY4XzctMS0xLTEtMA_1a5d721e-fee7-4eb7-9a26-8f40d5ad2dcf


      contextRef=i1e1e622fccd64d2a8095ee131d37281d_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozYWEwOTliZWQ5MzI0NmI2ODIxMWQ2NTg0MzI0YTY2OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNhYTA5OWJlZDkzMjQ2YjY4MjExZDY1ODQzMjRhNjY4XzctMy0xLTEtMA_d525e6a3-7760-4f07-89ff-af1903c87262


      contextRef=i58cebee2ebde4672957d3bdad7350513_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozYWEwOTliZWQ5MzI0NmI2ODIxMWQ2NTg0MzI0YTY2OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNhYTA5OWJlZDkzMjQ2YjY4MjExZDY1ODQzMjRhNjY4XzctNS0xLTEtMA_0ff05982-e435-46d7-8354-342aa3377826


      contextRef=i511c08eecf0c435b9f3bf2269f2e9e4e_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozYWEwOTliZWQ5MzI0NmI2ODIxMWQ2NTg0MzI0YTY2OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNhYTA5OWJlZDkzMjQ2YjY4MjExZDY1ODQzMjRhNjY4XzctNy0xLTEtMA_21b03808-2695-4098-a00b-64c50b26f1bb


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozYWEwOTliZWQ5MzI0NmI2ODIxMWQ2NTg0MzI0YTY2OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNhYTA5OWJlZDkzMjQ2YjY4MjExZDY1ODQzMjRhNjY4XzgtMS0xLTEtMA_553c2121-cb88-4d43-86ab-4551ec22e76b


      contextRef=i1e1e622fccd64d2a8095ee131d37281d_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozYWEwOTliZWQ5MzI0NmI2ODIxMWQ2NTg0MzI0YTY2OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNhYTA5OWJlZDkzMjQ2YjY4MjExZDY1ODQzMjRhNjY4XzgtMy0xLTEtMA_f0554aba-ec94-4d50-b324-d3b5aaa358c2


      contextRef=i58cebee2ebde4672957d3bdad7350513_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozYWEwOTliZWQ5MzI0NmI2ODIxMWQ2NTg0MzI0YTY2OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNhYTA5OWJlZDkzMjQ2YjY4MjExZDY1ODQzMjRhNjY4XzgtNS0xLTEtMA_54488ef9-bd07-4435-924e-037f30912fa1


      contextRef=i511c08eecf0c435b9f3bf2269f2e9e4e_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozYWEwOTliZWQ5MzI0NmI2ODIxMWQ2NTg0MzI0YTY2OC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNhYTA5OWJlZDkzMjQ2YjY4MjExZDY1ODQzMjRhNjY4XzgtNy0xLTEtMA_1c51c4ae-88db-442d-891a-4d1ffef0f1c8


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozZDRkZjRhNmU5Mjg0ZDE1ODFiYjkyNjk4YmQ1NWQzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNkNGRmNGE2ZTkyODRkMTU4MWJiOTI2OThiZDU1ZDNhXzItMS0xLTEtMA_655a2e08-afd4-42d4-b7a8-2da2902cfa31


      contextRef=i14ecaf4524cc415bbf2bf275b1ccc37d_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozZDRkZjRhNmU5Mjg0ZDE1ODFiYjkyNjk4YmQ1NWQzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNkNGRmNGE2ZTkyODRkMTU4MWJiOTI2OThiZDU1ZDNhXzItMy0xLTEtMA_dc03f98f-dbaa-4eda-9196-3031564b087e


      contextRef=i0a2ac9a409084280aeb5f3b602e02942_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozZDRkZjRhNmU5Mjg0ZDE1ODFiYjkyNjk4YmQ1NWQzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNkNGRmNGE2ZTkyODRkMTU4MWJiOTI2OThiZDU1ZDNhXzItNS0xLTEtMA_a0974b91-9c23-4a0f-8bf6-3320afb56fad


      contextRef=i76412fa57d2c4611ade7602b38c13df1_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozZDRkZjRhNmU5Mjg0ZDE1ODFiYjkyNjk4YmQ1NWQzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNkNGRmNGE2ZTkyODRkMTU4MWJiOTI2OThiZDU1ZDNhXzItNy0xLTEtMA_8d65224f-3340-4425-aa45-06f7cde48311


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozZDRkZjRhNmU5Mjg0ZDE1ODFiYjkyNjk4YmQ1NWQzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNkNGRmNGE2ZTkyODRkMTU4MWJiOTI2OThiZDU1ZDNhXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_fca65ee9-1bb0-438e-b767-9e8e2092cab6


      contextRef=i14ecaf4524cc415bbf2bf275b1ccc37d_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozZDRkZjRhNmU5Mjg0ZDE1ODFiYjkyNjk4YmQ1NWQzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNkNGRmNGE2ZTkyODRkMTU4MWJiOTI2OThiZDU1ZDNhXzMtMy0xLTEtMA_f0bc084b-0484-4243-a09a-74a8e54696bf


      contextRef=i0a2ac9a409084280aeb5f3b602e02942_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozZDRkZjRhNmU5Mjg0ZDE1ODFiYjkyNjk4YmQ1NWQzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNkNGRmNGE2ZTkyODRkMTU4MWJiOTI2OThiZDU1ZDNhXzMtNS0xLTEtMA_36b8cf59-c755-4629-9bce-f61235c97803


      contextRef=i76412fa57d2c4611ade7602b38c13df1_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozZDRkZjRhNmU5Mjg0ZDE1ODFiYjkyNjk4YmQ1NWQzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNkNGRmNGE2ZTkyODRkMTU4MWJiOTI2OThiZDU1ZDNhXzMtNy0xLTEtMA_8f984981-fff6-4b82-93d3-921cdf54e1c6


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozZDRkZjRhNmU5Mjg0ZDE1ODFiYjkyNjk4YmQ1NWQzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNkNGRmNGE2ZTkyODRkMTU4MWJiOTI2OThiZDU1ZDNhXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_4e0d6be0-794b-4683-b7b2-c2e88101168d


      contextRef=i14ecaf4524cc415bbf2bf275b1ccc37d_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozZDRkZjRhNmU5Mjg0ZDE1ODFiYjkyNjk4YmQ1NWQzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNkNGRmNGE2ZTkyODRkMTU4MWJiOTI2OThiZDU1ZDNhXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_0bcca8d6-26ca-4540-adaf-5df85a183347


      contextRef=i0a2ac9a409084280aeb5f3b602e02942_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozZDRkZjRhNmU5Mjg0ZDE1ODFiYjkyNjk4YmQ1NWQzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNkNGRmNGE2ZTkyODRkMTU4MWJiOTI2OThiZDU1ZDNhXzQtNS0xLTEtMA_2095a862-9751-47b6-aa03-0a68c5a78e11


      contextRef=i76412fa57d2c4611ade7602b38c13df1_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozZDRkZjRhNmU5Mjg0ZDE1ODFiYjkyNjk4YmQ1NWQzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNkNGRmNGE2ZTkyODRkMTU4MWJiOTI2OThiZDU1ZDNhXzQtNy0xLTEtMA_f7ef92d1-9648-4bbb-87b1-0107b0e83745


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozZDRkZjRhNmU5Mjg0ZDE1ODFiYjkyNjk4YmQ1NWQzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNkNGRmNGE2ZTkyODRkMTU4MWJiOTI2OThiZDU1ZDNhXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_e4196958-f3bf-4dc7-8b82-b9738ebbf882


      contextRef=i14ecaf4524cc415bbf2bf275b1ccc37d_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozZDRkZjRhNmU5Mjg0ZDE1ODFiYjkyNjk4YmQ1NWQzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNkNGRmNGE2ZTkyODRkMTU4MWJiOTI2OThiZDU1ZDNhXzUtMy0xLTEtMA_6ab018a7-4ff3-4f49-8c84-5ad031e7515f


      contextRef=i0a2ac9a409084280aeb5f3b602e02942_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozZDRkZjRhNmU5Mjg0ZDE1ODFiYjkyNjk4YmQ1NWQzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNkNGRmNGE2ZTkyODRkMTU4MWJiOTI2OThiZDU1ZDNhXzUtNS0xLTEtMA_0aa2b130-56ab-4974-83de-6a8e0d79fc66


      contextRef=i76412fa57d2c4611ade7602b38c13df1_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozZDRkZjRhNmU5Mjg0ZDE1ODFiYjkyNjk4YmQ1NWQzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNkNGRmNGE2ZTkyODRkMTU4MWJiOTI2OThiZDU1ZDNhXzUtNy0xLTEtMA_233ace50-9aff-47d9-9f19-e6de616c4153


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozZDRkZjRhNmU5Mjg0ZDE1ODFiYjkyNjk4YmQ1NWQzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNkNGRmNGE2ZTkyODRkMTU4MWJiOTI2OThiZDU1ZDNhXzctMS0xLTEtMA_2c067368-0621-42aa-a43c-29b5ce5a75de


      contextRef=i14ecaf4524cc415bbf2bf275b1ccc37d_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozZDRkZjRhNmU5Mjg0ZDE1ODFiYjkyNjk4YmQ1NWQzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNkNGRmNGE2ZTkyODRkMTU4MWJiOTI2OThiZDU1ZDNhXzctMy0xLTEtMA_9b946824-6807-4946-9a76-e3eed2a96152


      contextRef=i0a2ac9a409084280aeb5f3b602e02942_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozZDRkZjRhNmU5Mjg0ZDE1ODFiYjkyNjk4YmQ1NWQzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNkNGRmNGE2ZTkyODRkMTU4MWJiOTI2OThiZDU1ZDNhXzctNS0xLTEtMA_6e85ba96-1f5c-4d17-accd-e24fa0267f0d


      contextRef=i76412fa57d2c4611ade7602b38c13df1_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozZDRkZjRhNmU5Mjg0ZDE1ODFiYjkyNjk4YmQ1NWQzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNkNGRmNGE2ZTkyODRkMTU4MWJiOTI2OThiZDU1ZDNhXzctNy0xLTEtMA_6b3e4c72-0916-45a0-8403-9150e9c19edd


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozZDRkZjRhNmU5Mjg0ZDE1ODFiYjkyNjk4YmQ1NWQzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNkNGRmNGE2ZTkyODRkMTU4MWJiOTI2OThiZDU1ZDNhXzgtMS0xLTEtMA_e061454c-ca8d-4008-a561-623f2fb94821


      contextRef=i14ecaf4524cc415bbf2bf275b1ccc37d_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozZDRkZjRhNmU5Mjg0ZDE1ODFiYjkyNjk4YmQ1NWQzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNkNGRmNGE2ZTkyODRkMTU4MWJiOTI2OThiZDU1ZDNhXzgtMy0xLTEtMA_fc2fb069-303f-4823-bf66-aae93dd831e8


      contextRef=i0a2ac9a409084280aeb5f3b602e02942_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozZDRkZjRhNmU5Mjg0ZDE1ODFiYjkyNjk4YmQ1NWQzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNkNGRmNGE2ZTkyODRkMTU4MWJiOTI2OThiZDU1ZDNhXzgtNS0xLTEtMA_ceabc23e-20b7-4958-b72b-f92edb589ba5


      contextRef=i76412fa57d2c4611ade7602b38c13df1_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90YWJsZTozZDRkZjRhNmU5Mjg0ZDE1ODFiYjkyNjk4YmQ1NWQzYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjNkNGRmNGE2ZTkyODRkMTU4MWJiOTI2OThiZDU1ZDNhXzgtNy0xLTEtMA_ebf5f9a5-4318-4405-8afb-b021c8678256


      contextRef=icf4ab532360f4181abc0b12391fa832c_I20210630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8xOTkvZnJhZzo4M2QzMWYzMzBiMDE0N2ExYmYyMzQ3NmZhYmVmOWFkZi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjgzZDMxZjMzMGIwMTQ3YTFiZjIzNDc2ZmFiZWY5YWRmXzcxMjk_2d6b5356-d497-409e-a80f-fdb89241d55e


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 including interest rate
 liquidity
 and credit risk primarily by managing the amount
 sources
 and duration of its assets and liabilities and the use of derivative financial instruments.  Specifically
 the Company enters into derivative financial instruments to manage exposures that arise from business activities that result in the receipt or payment of future known and uncertain cash amounts
 the value of which are determined by interest rates.  The Company&#x2019;s derivative financial instruments are used to manage differences in the amount
 timing
 and duration of the Company&#x2019;s known or expected cash receipts and its known or expected cash payments principally related to the Company&#x2019;s receivables and borrowings.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Certain of the Company&#x2019;s foreign operations expose the Company to fluctuations of foreign exchange rates.  These fluctuations may impact the value of the Company&#x2019;s cash receipts and payments in terms of the Company&#x2019;s functional currency.  The Company enters into derivative financial instruments to protect the value or fix the amount of certain assets and liabilities in terms of its functional currency
 the U.S. Dollar.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Accordingly

 the Company primarily uses interest rate swaps as part of its interest rate risk management strategy.  Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount.  During fiscal 2021 and 2020
 such derivatives were used to hedge the variable cash flows associated with existing variable rate debt.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;For derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk
 the gain or loss on the derivative is recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss and subsequently reclassified into interest expense in the same period during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. Amounts reported in Accumulated other comprehensive loss related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on the Company&#x2019;s variable rate debt. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;During fiscal 2022
 the Company estimates that an additional $183 will be reclassified as a decrease to interest expense.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%&gt;As of June&#160;30
 2021


 the U.S. Dollar. The Company uses foreign currency derivatives including cross-currency swaps to manage its exposure to fluctuations in the USD-EUR exchange rates. Cross-currency swaps involve exchanging fixed-rate interest payments for fixed-rate interest receipts
 both of which will occur at the USD-EUR forward exchange rates in effect upon entering into the instrument. The Company also uses forward contracts to manage its exposure to fluctuations in the GBP-EUR exchange rates. The Company designates these derivatives as cash flow hedges of foreign exchange risks.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;For derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges of foreign exchange risk
 the gain or loss on the derivative is recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss and subsequently reclassified in the period(s) during which the hedged transaction affects earnings within the same income statement line item as the earnings effect of the hedged transaction. During fiscal 2022

 2021

700&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$26

 the gain or loss on the derivative is reported in AOCL as part of the cumulative translation adjustment. Amounts are reclassified out of AOCL into earnings when the hedged net investment is either sold or substantially liquidated.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;As of June&#160;30
 2021

969&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$83

 2021



968&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%&gt;The following table presents the fair value of the Company&#x2019;s derivative financial instruments as well as their classification on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of June&#160;30




405&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%&gt;The following table presents the pre-tax effect of cash flow hedge accounting on AOCL as of June&#160;30
 2021

&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Fiscal Year Ended June 30


366)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1

 net / Other expense (income)
 net&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1





 2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Fiscal Year Ended June&#160;30

 net&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Other expense (income)

 net&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Other expense (income)


 2021

&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Fiscal Year Ended June 30




 2021





      contextRef=ifecc54130dff475784f849a07cd80e4a_D20210701-20220630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjEzNDYxNzY5YjU3ZTRmOWZhNDk4OWE4NGMyZTgzODRhXzI5NTc_3005d834-1f7c-4a46-bc18-49c669da19cf


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 2021

000&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%&gt;As of June&#160;30
 2021

700&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$26
775&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;As of June&#160;30
 2021

969&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;$83


      contextRef=i0a16c4bcaf244bd99abf7c2c992e77b5_I20210630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZToyOTRhZTc1YjY3MTI0M2NkOThkNDYwNDkyMjk5MjVhYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjI5NGFlNzViNjcxMjQzY2Q5OGQ0NjA0OTIyOTkyNWFhXzEtMS0xLTEtMA_0dae198b-179f-4c2b-94c2-b012fb9c17bc


      contextRef=i0a16c4bcaf244bd99abf7c2c992e77b5_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZToyOTRhZTc1YjY3MTI0M2NkOThkNDYwNDkyMjk5MjVhYS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjI5NGFlNzViNjcxMjQzY2Q5OGQ0NjA0OTIyOTkyNWFhXzEtMi0xLTEtMA_26fef06d-f439-4fa8-b5eb-33e3beb2daf7


      contextRef=i443cd2b7feaa47c0b3b13b5a02b9367d_D20210701-20220630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjEzNDYxNzY5YjU3ZTRmOWZhNDk4OWE4NGMyZTgzODRhXzQzMzE_0a80e9a6-727c-4100-b12b-52af79a71f7c


      contextRef=ib4b1cc7dbc1c46a79f41f0d6088ce65b_I20210630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZToxMDQ4MGUwM2Y2YTM0OWQ3OGU4ODlkYmIyZDY3Y2U3Yi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEwNDgwZTAzZjZhMzQ5ZDc4ZTg4OWRiYjJkNjdjZTdiXzEtMS0xLTEtMA_f6bb2789-de62-4335-bf40-cff832c0370f


      contextRef=ie0c6653bae1c4d0997381c95cf7cc212_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZToxMDQ4MGUwM2Y2YTM0OWQ3OGU4ODlkYmIyZDY3Y2U3Yi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEwNDgwZTAzZjZhMzQ5ZDc4ZTg4OWRiYjJkNjdjZTdiXzEtMi0xLTEtMA_1241fada-9466-44d3-a622-6254eaf59d73


      contextRef=ib9c78c90693f43bf92068cb1417b7551_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZToxMDQ4MGUwM2Y2YTM0OWQ3OGU4ODlkYmIyZDY3Y2U3Yi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjEwNDgwZTAzZjZhMzQ5ZDc4ZTg4OWRiYjJkNjdjZTdiXzEtMy0xLTEtMA_80f6dabe-df18-4e7a-9dd0-e1210feb5104


      contextRef=i75820486a31c40cd84dbb00ecd837c7c_I20210630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZToyNjJlNTVlYWQwYWE0ZDEyYTIyMWMyOTMwOWZmYjUxZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjI2MmU1NWVhZDBhYTRkMTJhMjIxYzI5MzA5ZmZiNTFkXzEtMS0xLTEtMA_743cbf39-631f-4553-8850-4845a7887123


      contextRef=i64ece4eb575a4fd28a95c8df6ee2f255_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZToyNjJlNTVlYWQwYWE0ZDEyYTIyMWMyOTMwOWZmYjUxZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjI2MmU1NWVhZDBhYTRkMTJhMjIxYzI5MzA5ZmZiNTFkXzEtMi0xLTEtMA_4f0dd9e6-37f6-4e70-8bfe-91c9d44c8def


      contextRef=i43c0af0cc2a7445ca32ef4276a824034_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZToyNjJlNTVlYWQwYWE0ZDEyYTIyMWMyOTMwOWZmYjUxZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjI2MmU1NWVhZDBhYTRkMTJhMjIxYzI5MzA5ZmZiNTFkXzEtMy0xLTEtMA_3f9509ba-48a2-448b-b0f6-92d73c2f43c3


      contextRef=i112770d96dc847ce86dff1a58e850e77_I20210630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjEzNDYxNzY5YjU3ZTRmOWZhNDk4OWE4NGMyZTgzODRhXzMyOTg1MzQ4OTIxMjc_01472156-e204-4e85-b55e-e2182bf7b9d3


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630



968&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:1pt solid #000;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=display:none/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:115%&gt;The following table presents the fair value of the Company&#x2019;s derivative financial instruments as well as their classification on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of June&#160;30






      contextRef=ice84ebef50eb4606ae6682910abd6adf_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTo0NzIwOTMwZTMzMjg0ZDg0OTA5YTdhN2JmMDFkMmRjMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ3MjA5MzBlMzMyODRkODQ5MDlhN2E3YmYwMWQyZGMzXzMtMy0xLTEtMTgxNw_85588d6b-616a-4652-a0e8-20b09717e523


      contextRef=ic9d824ba4c9d4827bbec994e3af7da33_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTo0NzIwOTMwZTMzMjg0ZDg0OTA5YTdhN2JmMDFkMmRjMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ3MjA5MzBlMzMyODRkODQ5MDlhN2E3YmYwMWQyZGMzXzMtNy0xLTEtMTgxNw_542300f5-53ce-49df-96e7-f9ff424c5391


      contextRef=i57b5943779434d1188173d74adbbfdd5_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTo0NzIwOTMwZTMzMjg0ZDg0OTA5YTdhN2JmMDFkMmRjMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ3MjA5MzBlMzMyODRkODQ5MDlhN2E3YmYwMWQyZGMzXzQtMy0xLTEtMTgxNw_52d9d51a-89d4-4fed-8ae4-489e021cf664


      contextRef=i67da9750e5c140ffbe26fd474602de94_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTo0NzIwOTMwZTMzMjg0ZDg0OTA5YTdhN2JmMDFkMmRjMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ3MjA5MzBlMzMyODRkODQ5MDlhN2E3YmYwMWQyZGMzXzQtNy0xLTEtMTgxNw_4ee14749-ab44-4056-b793-4cc108189e1a


      contextRef=i05e6c75eb847417fa62c9ef77d3a855c_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTo0NzIwOTMwZTMzMjg0ZDg0OTA5YTdhN2JmMDFkMmRjMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ3MjA5MzBlMzMyODRkODQ5MDlhN2E3YmYwMWQyZGMzXzYtMy0xLTEtMTgxNw_4f0ed776-995f-4b8c-a787-a634fa0e6324


      contextRef=i05e6c75eb847417fa62c9ef77d3a855c_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTo0NzIwOTMwZTMzMjg0ZDg0OTA5YTdhN2JmMDFkMmRjMy90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjQ3MjA5MzBlMzMyODRkODQ5MDlhN2E3YmYwMWQyZGMzXzYtNy0xLTEtMTgxNw_7f235220-c89c-4909-9a87-34750bb4e99a


      contextRef=i535ac93439ec4056b716ab88ae9f6021_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTpjZjA0MDYyOTdkYzg0NGI0YjdhMGEwYjhlNjFkNGIyOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNmMDQwNjI5N2RjODQ0YjRiN2EwYTBiOGU2MWQ0YjI4XzMtMy0xLTEtMA_ceb31247-a197-441d-969f-a26424269ab2


      contextRef=i6a594e7087e741e0b29069040c4ec1a1_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTpjZjA0MDYyOTdkYzg0NGI0YjdhMGEwYjhlNjFkNGIyOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNmMDQwNjI5N2RjODQ0YjRiN2EwYTBiOGU2MWQ0YjI4XzMtNy0xLTEtMA_c09fd24b-7201-4d01-9e5c-69601c8813af


      contextRef=i27e3f5399e5c4c18b98905b8b6212a0f_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTpjZjA0MDYyOTdkYzg0NGI0YjdhMGEwYjhlNjFkNGIyOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNmMDQwNjI5N2RjODQ0YjRiN2EwYTBiOGU2MWQ0YjI4XzQtMy0xLTEtMA_83fe5c3b-a0b6-4505-aa3d-0c808c90265c


      contextRef=i301e888c8a2248d08a19d0bb40d381e8_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTpjZjA0MDYyOTdkYzg0NGI0YjdhMGEwYjhlNjFkNGIyOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNmMDQwNjI5N2RjODQ0YjRiN2EwYTBiOGU2MWQ0YjI4XzQtNy0xLTEtMA_370a0a28-3b7c-4fb1-a6c5-33f256108a2b


      contextRef=i44e283e040dc4be39390378768a55951_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTpjZjA0MDYyOTdkYzg0NGI0YjdhMGEwYjhlNjFkNGIyOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNmMDQwNjI5N2RjODQ0YjRiN2EwYTBiOGU2MWQ0YjI4XzUtMy0xLTEtMA_faccc591-33ed-4057-94b4-fbd337ba5a5c


      contextRef=idb10cd7f1f4c41739370ee02a86c5642_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTpjZjA0MDYyOTdkYzg0NGI0YjdhMGEwYjhlNjFkNGIyOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNmMDQwNjI5N2RjODQ0YjRiN2EwYTBiOGU2MWQ0YjI4XzUtNy0xLTEtMA_a46d0b4d-220e-4e62-9767-79a06c08ef00


      contextRef=ic7bdff73c67f411a897d8801a6be0e80_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTpjZjA0MDYyOTdkYzg0NGI0YjdhMGEwYjhlNjFkNGIyOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNmMDQwNjI5N2RjODQ0YjRiN2EwYTBiOGU2MWQ0YjI4XzYtMy0xLTEtMA_bc8df4fc-b510-415e-aec1-2fd862f410ca


      contextRef=ic7bdff73c67f411a897d8801a6be0e80_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTpjZjA0MDYyOTdkYzg0NGI0YjdhMGEwYjhlNjFkNGIyOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNmMDQwNjI5N2RjODQ0YjRiN2EwYTBiOGU2MWQ0YjI4XzYtNy0xLTEtMA_3f6f3d27-b735-4834-a101-869281a4a1b8


      contextRef=iaf9ae2aa8f4f4984b50dea0c1c344243_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTpjZjA0MDYyOTdkYzg0NGI0YjdhMGEwYjhlNjFkNGIyOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNmMDQwNjI5N2RjODQ0YjRiN2EwYTBiOGU2MWQ0YjI4XzktMy0xLTEtMA_0f23dd9a-febc-465b-85d7-4bd93c32e62b


      contextRef=i9b96168ca26a4ea2b6f4f2b8832e62ac_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTpjZjA0MDYyOTdkYzg0NGI0YjdhMGEwYjhlNjFkNGIyOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNmMDQwNjI5N2RjODQ0YjRiN2EwYTBiOGU2MWQ0YjI4XzktNy0xLTEtMA_b904996e-ee4b-4138-85c4-4bf0f56ba86e


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTpjZjA0MDYyOTdkYzg0NGI0YjdhMGEwYjhlNjFkNGIyOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNmMDQwNjI5N2RjODQ0YjRiN2EwYTBiOGU2MWQ0YjI4XzEwLTMtMS0xLTA_41f7bee4-d216-47bc-9cbb-f235c8a40422


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTpjZjA0MDYyOTdkYzg0NGI0YjdhMGEwYjhlNjFkNGIyOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmNmMDQwNjI5N2RjODQ0YjRiN2EwYTBiOGU2MWQ0YjI4XzEwLTctMS0xLTA_c57b4e44-c17c-443b-a792-71abee12b048


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 2021

&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Fiscal Year Ended June 30


366)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1

 net / Other expense (income)
 net&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(1





      contextRef=ic256bcb02f9b409aa44ed6497b01c771_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTo5NTRmZTMzY2M3ZDQ0MTNjOTc0NzJkMzYyY2I1ZTQxZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjk1NGZlMzNjYzdkNDQxM2M5NzQ3MmQzNjJjYjVlNDFlXzMtMS0xLTEtMA_56655f22-7d3a-42a7-a920-e54a8c22b3a4


      contextRef=i2c787183c7e94b79b8acf6a7ff37d621_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTo5NTRmZTMzY2M3ZDQ0MTNjOTc0NzJkMzYyY2I1ZTQxZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjk1NGZlMzNjYzdkNDQxM2M5NzQ3MmQzNjJjYjVlNDFlXzMtMy0xLTEtMA_5645fd78-db98-4396-910d-74d02c41a90d


      contextRef=i6a4578d699b6440e96db02e663cee9f4_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTo5NTRmZTMzY2M3ZDQ0MTNjOTc0NzJkMzYyY2I1ZTQxZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjk1NGZlMzNjYzdkNDQxM2M5NzQ3MmQzNjJjYjVlNDFlXzMtNS0xLTEtMA_5f026566-5b13-4cd6-b865-38ffbe65f6ff


      contextRef=ia9fb2742c1a44c64b8e8e7a3cde548ee_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTo5NTRmZTMzY2M3ZDQ0MTNjOTc0NzJkMzYyY2I1ZTQxZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjk1NGZlMzNjYzdkNDQxM2M5NzQ3MmQzNjJjYjVlNDFlXzMtNy0xLTEtMA_894b9964-b603-49a4-b812-2dc3ba109a4d


      contextRef=if2c0e4e2783c40d2a71801f32a587726_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTo5NTRmZTMzY2M3ZDQ0MTNjOTc0NzJkMzYyY2I1ZTQxZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjk1NGZlMzNjYzdkNDQxM2M5NzQ3MmQzNjJjYjVlNDFlXzMtOS0xLTEtMA_8bcf6168-5933-44ce-9dc4-2e990965d99a


      contextRef=i06cf652bc75941ee9921058e74ec1ab1_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTo5NTRmZTMzY2M3ZDQ0MTNjOTc0NzJkMzYyY2I1ZTQxZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjk1NGZlMzNjYzdkNDQxM2M5NzQ3MmQzNjJjYjVlNDFlXzMtMTEtMS0xLTA_a10f12d2-9c7a-4b83-9f8c-d08d0bf28404


      contextRef=iefd6ce05366a4086b7f57c37440eea6e_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTo5NTRmZTMzY2M3ZDQ0MTNjOTc0NzJkMzYyY2I1ZTQxZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjk1NGZlMzNjYzdkNDQxM2M5NzQ3MmQzNjJjYjVlNDFlXzQtMS0xLTEtMA_69976ecf-d7e8-4766-b24c-2eec5b96dfb7


      contextRef=i49280636748d41bfa6ec211d477a7b01_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTo5NTRmZTMzY2M3ZDQ0MTNjOTc0NzJkMzYyY2I1ZTQxZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjk1NGZlMzNjYzdkNDQxM2M5NzQ3MmQzNjJjYjVlNDFlXzQtMy0xLTEtMA_597a17eb-7b4f-44e0-8f85-f25285db8610


      contextRef=ia2c19040d10e484ca48815a925d00cde_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTo5NTRmZTMzY2M3ZDQ0MTNjOTc0NzJkMzYyY2I1ZTQxZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjk1NGZlMzNjYzdkNDQxM2M5NzQ3MmQzNjJjYjVlNDFlXzQtNS0xLTEtMA_0066e78b-52a9-4d5a-a3d8-b98e72dd42b1


      contextRef=i0035c45940fc462ca758d8c585850c15_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTo5NTRmZTMzY2M3ZDQ0MTNjOTc0NzJkMzYyY2I1ZTQxZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjk1NGZlMzNjYzdkNDQxM2M5NzQ3MmQzNjJjYjVlNDFlXzQtNy0xLTEtMA_ff16ebfc-b4c4-403a-906a-f7246764f7d1


      contextRef=i15b74ef3b32246f5a2c29fb54264d8e6_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTo5NTRmZTMzY2M3ZDQ0MTNjOTc0NzJkMzYyY2I1ZTQxZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjk1NGZlMzNjYzdkNDQxM2M5NzQ3MmQzNjJjYjVlNDFlXzQtOS0xLTEtMA_6917d39b-8f19-4f9f-b11b-06c362be2ac0


      contextRef=i8291382d015a438e9bb3a7faabe97109_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTo5NTRmZTMzY2M3ZDQ0MTNjOTc0NzJkMzYyY2I1ZTQxZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjk1NGZlMzNjYzdkNDQxM2M5NzQ3MmQzNjJjYjVlNDFlXzQtMTEtMS0xLTA_df527886-e159-43da-9d92-a5eb0565b195


      contextRef=i4ad39b69dc9248a5adee8a28147d61b9_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTo5NTRmZTMzY2M3ZDQ0MTNjOTc0NzJkMzYyY2I1ZTQxZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjk1NGZlMzNjYzdkNDQxM2M5NzQ3MmQzNjJjYjVlNDFlXzUtMS0xLTEtMA_35c143f6-a725-4fed-834f-d5aedea6788b


      contextRef=iba28c551c0304e3c8e8374d21dbb2d95_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTo5NTRmZTMzY2M3ZDQ0MTNjOTc0NzJkMzYyY2I1ZTQxZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjk1NGZlMzNjYzdkNDQxM2M5NzQ3MmQzNjJjYjVlNDFlXzUtMy0xLTEtMA_eb4d7c0f-91af-431f-8492-85d48be94c83


      contextRef=if7073457f9334d30a2bd176ccd863320_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTo5NTRmZTMzY2M3ZDQ0MTNjOTc0NzJkMzYyY2I1ZTQxZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjk1NGZlMzNjYzdkNDQxM2M5NzQ3MmQzNjJjYjVlNDFlXzUtNS0xLTEtMA_55f9507d-8a59-4c77-a1e7-7919d8644112


      contextRef=i524ad9e7cb32482f9ab9e571508081f2_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTo5NTRmZTMzY2M3ZDQ0MTNjOTc0NzJkMzYyY2I1ZTQxZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjk1NGZlMzNjYzdkNDQxM2M5NzQ3MmQzNjJjYjVlNDFlXzUtNy0xLTEtMA_84390d88-0609-4365-adaa-2021c5331ae5


      contextRef=if13ae3493c7c4acd8ee1c05dd537f912_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTo5NTRmZTMzY2M3ZDQ0MTNjOTc0NzJkMzYyY2I1ZTQxZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjk1NGZlMzNjYzdkNDQxM2M5NzQ3MmQzNjJjYjVlNDFlXzUtOS0xLTEtMA_aca3facf-12cc-421a-b5b1-26f5832d8a71


      contextRef=i006ed59778834ed8bba13bcd887187e0_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTo5NTRmZTMzY2M3ZDQ0MTNjOTc0NzJkMzYyY2I1ZTQxZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjk1NGZlMzNjYzdkNDQxM2M5NzQ3MmQzNjJjYjVlNDFlXzUtMTEtMS0xLTA_5deacdcc-68fe-47c4-9623-c6b120f77e50


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTo5NTRmZTMzY2M3ZDQ0MTNjOTc0NzJkMzYyY2I1ZTQxZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjk1NGZlMzNjYzdkNDQxM2M5NzQ3MmQzNjJjYjVlNDFlXzYtMS0xLTEtMA_b6e76744-3e9d-448a-95b5-fea7f18c017d


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTo5NTRmZTMzY2M3ZDQ0MTNjOTc0NzJkMzYyY2I1ZTQxZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjk1NGZlMzNjYzdkNDQxM2M5NzQ3MmQzNjJjYjVlNDFlXzYtMy0xLTEtMA_3d804a11-a10d-4589-8870-c469c21056a8


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTo5NTRmZTMzY2M3ZDQ0MTNjOTc0NzJkMzYyY2I1ZTQxZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjk1NGZlMzNjYzdkNDQxM2M5NzQ3MmQzNjJjYjVlNDFlXzYtNS0xLTEtMA_b9438be3-9a2a-4a3a-b9b2-5f484a9c1326


      contextRef=ic09364aa09424ed28df8ed9d76fed4ce_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTo5NTRmZTMzY2M3ZDQ0MTNjOTc0NzJkMzYyY2I1ZTQxZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjk1NGZlMzNjYzdkNDQxM2M5NzQ3MmQzNjJjYjVlNDFlXzYtNy0xLTEtMA_52e91aa8-4351-49ec-be7e-69b33948c4a0


      contextRef=i61032b54d14c4202aa8ee8058f200237_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTo5NTRmZTMzY2M3ZDQ0MTNjOTc0NzJkMzYyY2I1ZTQxZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjk1NGZlMzNjYzdkNDQxM2M5NzQ3MmQzNjJjYjVlNDFlXzYtOS0xLTEtMA_db839d8d-d3c4-4dac-a7f6-249786744c8f


      contextRef=i12fc9ac9fbd94f83b72fed284e21fb5e_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTo5NTRmZTMzY2M3ZDQ0MTNjOTc0NzJkMzYyY2I1ZTQxZS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjk1NGZlMzNjYzdkNDQxM2M5NzQ3MmQzNjJjYjVlNDFlXzYtMTEtMS0xLTA_f1740f2e-8b2e-43dc-a3c4-10db4a965d64


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


 2021&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Fiscal Year Ended June&#160;30

 net&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Other expense (income)

 net&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:9pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Other expense (income)



      contextRef=ie911130fb39348698981b1153d58c142_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTpkYzFjNTRjOWE5NjI0NzAzOTQyZDEyMjUxMzZmY2E1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmRjMWM1NGM5YTk2MjQ3MDM5NDJkMTIyNTEzNmZjYTUxXzYtNC0xLTEtMA_ae50b79f-6f36-4618-8738-27af417d962f


      contextRef=ia7315b168871466f91f35099efde14ac_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTpkYzFjNTRjOWE5NjI0NzAzOTQyZDEyMjUxMzZmY2E1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmRjMWM1NGM5YTk2MjQ3MDM5NDJkMTIyNTEzNmZjYTUxXzYtNi0xLTEtMA_a2b3cb57-bf59-417c-9560-0d01ae4f4f30


      contextRef=ic6fc60d8d0494249ad35758ed39642e1_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTpkYzFjNTRjOWE5NjI0NzAzOTQyZDEyMjUxMzZmY2E1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmRjMWM1NGM5YTk2MjQ3MDM5NDJkMTIyNTEzNmZjYTUxXzYtOC0xLTEtMA_398942b4-2dbf-407c-b198-a22130ec4097


      contextRef=i5b5d972baa5c4597a2e0394b0530e089_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTpkYzFjNTRjOWE5NjI0NzAzOTQyZDEyMjUxMzZmY2E1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmRjMWM1NGM5YTk2MjQ3MDM5NDJkMTIyNTEzNmZjYTUxXzYtMTAtMS0xLTA_c40462cc-6fcd-41a0-a28e-df76de89cd3a


      contextRef=ie15cdd3fd86f4283ac30d5ceaa5dc7a1_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTpkYzFjNTRjOWE5NjI0NzAzOTQyZDEyMjUxMzZmY2E1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmRjMWM1NGM5YTk2MjQ3MDM5NDJkMTIyNTEzNmZjYTUxXzYtMTItMS0xLTA_7f8d5c8c-b1a3-4ff6-a35d-7317d12c0611


      contextRef=iaa7ebddc26fd4048a97740f23a5b8190_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTpkYzFjNTRjOWE5NjI0NzAzOTQyZDEyMjUxMzZmY2E1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmRjMWM1NGM5YTk2MjQ3MDM5NDJkMTIyNTEzNmZjYTUxXzYtMTQtMS0xLTA_06f10392-ff54-4d14-88e3-7728c8da058e


      contextRef=iae240b303c4542db88764c1fbcbc0bbf_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTpkYzFjNTRjOWE5NjI0NzAzOTQyZDEyMjUxMzZmY2E1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmRjMWM1NGM5YTk2MjQ3MDM5NDJkMTIyNTEzNmZjYTUxXzktNi0xLTEtMA_9ecc2f4b-e600-4c06-80e8-0042a06f2e14


      contextRef=i153e69e842c64c43bf4019d8e27ff61c_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTpkYzFjNTRjOWE5NjI0NzAzOTQyZDEyMjUxMzZmY2E1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmRjMWM1NGM5YTk2MjQ3MDM5NDJkMTIyNTEzNmZjYTUxXzktOC0xLTEtMA_b67973c1-2f52-4833-a7f5-7d10a04b8181


      contextRef=i542b6c5b1e954f76b91dbf5636801fdc_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTpkYzFjNTRjOWE5NjI0NzAzOTQyZDEyMjUxMzZmY2E1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmRjMWM1NGM5YTk2MjQ3MDM5NDJkMTIyNTEzNmZjYTUxXzktMTItMS0xLTA_afd709e4-3aa9-4cfd-af47-3fb70f6ddd37


      contextRef=i6c2568b6b65846f4b2dd1bae188672b7_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTpkYzFjNTRjOWE5NjI0NzAzOTQyZDEyMjUxMzZmY2E1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmRjMWM1NGM5YTk2MjQ3MDM5NDJkMTIyNTEzNmZjYTUxXzktMTQtMS0xLTA_8c0bc183-dd77-494f-9b49-02c26863d350


      contextRef=i12c0f3554fe344438315730b6056f132_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTpkYzFjNTRjOWE5NjI0NzAzOTQyZDEyMjUxMzZmY2E1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmRjMWM1NGM5YTk2MjQ3MDM5NDJkMTIyNTEzNmZjYTUxXzEyLTQtMS0xLTA_cff9526a-402c-4f85-a75a-468cc11487b6


      contextRef=ie635f51c62ce4ec98b5c39412dcfde0c_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTpkYzFjNTRjOWE5NjI0NzAzOTQyZDEyMjUxMzZmY2E1MS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmRjMWM1NGM5YTk2MjQ3MDM5NDJkMTIyNTEzNmZjYTUxXzEyLTEwLTEtMS0w_8d77253a-670b-45e5-bba2-faa520a29f63


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 2021

&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Fiscal Year Ended June 30





      contextRef=iefd6ce05366a4086b7f57c37440eea6e_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTplNDM2OWIzZjM3MWU0MGY4YmZmNzg4ZWQ5ZDlhNTk2NC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmU0MzY5YjNmMzcxZTQwZjhiZmY3ODhlZDlkOWE1OTY0XzMtMS0xLTEtMA_5962f449-4bd2-4ba4-abd1-fe5deda02b54


      contextRef=i49280636748d41bfa6ec211d477a7b01_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTplNDM2OWIzZjM3MWU0MGY4YmZmNzg4ZWQ5ZDlhNTk2NC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmU0MzY5YjNmMzcxZTQwZjhiZmY3ODhlZDlkOWE1OTY0XzMtMy0xLTEtMA_d192fc44-ee26-4aac-bf54-81846eb48b2a


      contextRef=ia2c19040d10e484ca48815a925d00cde_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTplNDM2OWIzZjM3MWU0MGY4YmZmNzg4ZWQ5ZDlhNTk2NC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmU0MzY5YjNmMzcxZTQwZjhiZmY3ODhlZDlkOWE1OTY0XzMtNS0xLTEtMA_7cc2495d-a152-4693-ba40-36705d4094bf


      contextRef=i2bd07bed30704489a4acb98df133af07_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTplNDM2OWIzZjM3MWU0MGY4YmZmNzg4ZWQ5ZDlhNTk2NC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmU0MzY5YjNmMzcxZTQwZjhiZmY3ODhlZDlkOWE1OTY0XzMtNy0xLTEtMA_6a587448-0597-484e-8ca4-2c37a6dff668


      contextRef=ia6bed8aa288c4c938b7b3400e77bf937_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTplNDM2OWIzZjM3MWU0MGY4YmZmNzg4ZWQ5ZDlhNTk2NC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmU0MzY5YjNmMzcxZTQwZjhiZmY3ODhlZDlkOWE1OTY0XzMtOS0xLTEtMA_899f399b-7979-4097-9d04-151991595860


      contextRef=i9dcc0d29935e4fe19faac95271d97a80_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTplNDM2OWIzZjM3MWU0MGY4YmZmNzg4ZWQ5ZDlhNTk2NC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmU0MzY5YjNmMzcxZTQwZjhiZmY3ODhlZDlkOWE1OTY0XzMtMTEtMS0xLTA_7f7d00ff-5e3f-4861-a0b0-e15fac9ab9c8


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 2021




      contextRef=i15926740bf96425390ce410d6c77d080_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTo5NzdiYTgwYWIwNTA0YjU2ODdhMjQxOTA0ZTgxZTZhZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjk3N2JhODBhYjA1MDRiNTY4N2EyNDE5MDRlODFlNmFkXzMtMi0xLTEtMA_24813a20-5e1e-4fad-b1e0-9702aa5a4ed2


      contextRef=iadc7cb0b22e446ecb9d3f4d7b936feac_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTo5NzdiYTgwYWIwNTA0YjU2ODdhMjQxOTA0ZTgxZTZhZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjk3N2JhODBhYjA1MDRiNTY4N2EyNDE5MDRlODFlNmFkXzMtNC0xLTEtMA_6a845e47-6a86-471a-8e18-ef4aaceb3660


      contextRef=if46bfd7654a1411eb2933ba6edf7c756_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDUvZnJhZzoxMzQ2MTc2OWI1N2U0ZjlmYTQ5ODlhODRjMmU4Mzg0YS90YWJsZTo5NzdiYTgwYWIwNTA0YjU2ODdhMjQxOTA0ZTgxZTZhZC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjk3N2JhODBhYjA1MDRiNTY4N2EyNDE5MDRlODFlNmFkXzMtNi0xLTEtMA_5e392fc5-357d-497e-9756-abe9cd4a976a


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 the Company initiated a reduction in workforce at targeted locations in the United States as well as at certain locations internationally. The reduction in workforce associated with these initiatives may result in additional charges throughout fiscal 2022.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The following table displays the termination benefits and personnel realignment activities and liability balances relating to the reduction in workforce for the year ended as of June&#160;30
 2021: &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:100.000%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:31.648%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.911%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.384%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.911%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.384%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.911%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.384%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.911%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.384%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.772%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Balance at June&#160;30
 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Charges





448&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The liability balance as of June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020 is included within Accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the Company&#x2019;s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Additional non-cash impairment charges related to the Company&#x2019;s productivity and transformation initiatives have been incurred and are discussed within Note 7
 &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;
 and Note 8


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 2021: &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:6pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:100.000%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:31.648%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.911%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.384%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.911%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.384%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.911%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.384%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.911%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.384%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:11.772%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:center&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Balance at June&#160;30
 2020&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Charges







      contextRef=i66b059ab74bf46f49522b29d557c3b37_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDgvZnJhZzo0MmM2ZGVlY2FkZjU0YmE4YjZmNmY5ZjM3NmJhMjM1NC90YWJsZTpmZGFhYWYxMGEwZTk0NjVlOTExZDk2NzAzMDk0YTQwOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmZkYWFhZjEwYTBlOTQ2NWU5MTFkOTY3MDMwOTRhNDA4XzEtMS0xLTEtMA_8e383c9b-1e3d-4c0f-8049-9d289b4bbf6b


      contextRef=i77da825341e84bb38e7aa41d33ee4959_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDgvZnJhZzo0MmM2ZGVlY2FkZjU0YmE4YjZmNmY5ZjM3NmJhMjM1NC90YWJsZTpmZGFhYWYxMGEwZTk0NjVlOTExZDk2NzAzMDk0YTQwOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmZkYWFhZjEwYTBlOTQ2NWU5MTFkOTY3MDMwOTRhNDA4XzEtMy0xLTEtMA_2d1950cb-c11d-49f7-aae0-d24cc114edeb


      contextRef=i77da825341e84bb38e7aa41d33ee4959_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDgvZnJhZzo0MmM2ZGVlY2FkZjU0YmE4YjZmNmY5ZjM3NmJhMjM1NC90YWJsZTpmZGFhYWYxMGEwZTk0NjVlOTExZDk2NzAzMDk0YTQwOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmZkYWFhZjEwYTBlOTQ2NWU5MTFkOTY3MDMwOTRhNDA4XzEtNS0xLTEtMA_7b4c55e4-fb9e-4277-af81-280ea7784de2


      contextRef=i77da825341e84bb38e7aa41d33ee4959_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDgvZnJhZzo0MmM2ZGVlY2FkZjU0YmE4YjZmNmY5ZjM3NmJhMjM1NC90YWJsZTpmZGFhYWYxMGEwZTk0NjVlOTExZDk2NzAzMDk0YTQwOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmZkYWFhZjEwYTBlOTQ2NWU5MTFkOTY3MDMwOTRhNDA4XzEtNy0xLTEtMA_67ffc20e-1d19-4b50-81db-eefcd45f82a7


      contextRef=i4d1cd4c0adee41caa2b965067000a52e_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMDgvZnJhZzo0MmM2ZGVlY2FkZjU0YmE4YjZmNmY5ZjM3NmJhMjM1NC90YWJsZTpmZGFhYWYxMGEwZTk0NjVlOTExZDk2NzAzMDk0YTQwOC90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmZkYWFhZjEwYTBlOTQ2NWU5MTFkOTY3MDMwOTRhNDA4XzEtOS0xLTEtMA_7a1606cd-5213-44f5-a762-521ff832e960


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 2021
 we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4) of Regulation S-K that have had
 or are likely to have

 2016
 three securities class action complaints were filed in the Eastern District of New York against the Company alleging violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The three complaints are: (1) Flora v. The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
 et al. (the &#x201c;Flora Complaint&#x201d;); (2) Lynn v. The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
 et al. (the &#x201c;Lynn Complaint&#x201d;); and (3) Spadola v. The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
 et al. (the &#x201c;Spadola Complaint&#x201d; and
 together with the Flora and Lynn Complaints
 the &#x201c;Securities Complaints&#x201d;). On June 5
 2017
 the court issued an order for consolidation
 appointment of Co-Lead Plaintiffs and approval of selection of co-lead counsel. Pursuant to this order
 the Securities Complaints were consolidated under the caption &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;In re The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. Securities Litigation&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt; (the &#x201c;Consolidated Securities Action&#x201d;)
 and Rosewood Funeral Home and Salamon Gimpel were appointed as Co-Lead Plaintiffs. On June 21
 2017
 the Company received notice that plaintiff Spadola voluntarily dismissed his claims without prejudice to his ability to participate in the Consolidated Securities Action as an absent class member. The Co-Lead Plaintiffs in the Consolidated Securities Action filed a Consolidated Amended Complaint on August 4
 2017 and a Corrected Consolidated Amended Complaint on September 7
 2017 on behalf of a purported class consisting of all persons who purchased or otherwise acquired Hain Celestial securities between November 5
 2013 and February 10
 2017 (the &#x201c;Amended Complaint&#x201d;). The Amended Complaint named as defendants the Company and certain of its former officers (collectively
 &#x201c;Defendants&#x201d;) and asserted violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 based on allegedly materially false or misleading statements and omissions in public statements
 press releases and SEC filings regarding the Company&#x2019;s business
 prospects
 financial results and internal controls. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Amended Complaint on October 3
 2017 which the Court granted on March 29
 2019
 dismissing the case in its entirety
 without prejudice to replead. Co-Lead Plaintiffs filed a Second Amended Consolidated Class Action Complaint on May 6
 2019 (the &#x201c;Second Amended Complaint&#x201d;). The Second Amended Complaint again named as defendants the Company and certain of its former officers and asserts violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 based on allegations similar to those in the Amended Complaint
 including materially false or misleading statements and omissions in public statements
 press releases and SEC filings regarding the Company&#x2019;s business
 prospects
 financial results and internal controls. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint on June 20
 2019. Co-Lead Plaintiffs filed an opposition on August 5
 2019
 and &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;Defendants submitted a reply on September 3
 2019. On April 6
 2020
 the Court granted Defendants&#x2019; motion to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint in its entirety
 with prejudice. Co-Lead Plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal on May 5
 2020 indicating their intent to appeal the Court&#x2019;s decision dismissing the Second Amended Complaint to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Co-Lead Plaintiffs filed their appellate brief on August 18
 2020. Defendants filed their opposition brief on November 17
 2020
 and Plaintiffs filed their reply brief on December 8
 2020. Accordingly
 Co-Lead Plaintiffs&#x2019; appeal is fully briefed. Oral argument is scheduled for September 27

 2017 and April 26
 2017
 two class action and stockholder derivative complaints were filed in the Eastern District of New York against the former Board of Directors and certain former officers of the Company under the captions Silva v. Simon
 et al. (the &#x201c;Silva Complaint&#x201d;) and Barnes v. Simon
 et al. (the &#x201c;Barnes Complaint&#x201d;)
 respectively. Both the Silva Complaint and the Barnes Complaint allege violation of securities law
 breach of fiduciary duty
 waste of corporate assets and unjust enrichment.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;On May 23
 2017
 an additional stockholder filed a complaint under seal in the Eastern District of New York against the former Board of Directors and certain former officers of the Company. The complaint alleged that the Company&#x2019;s former directors and certain former officers made materially false and misleading statements in press releases and SEC filings regarding the Company&#x2019;s business
 prospects and financial results. The complaint also alleged that the Company violated its by-laws and Delaware law by failing to hold its 2016 Annual Stockholders Meeting and includes claims for breach of fiduciary duty
 unjust enrichment and corporate waste. On August 9
 2017
 the Court granted an order to unseal this case and reveal Gary Merenstein as the plaintiff (the &#x201c;Merenstein Complaint&#x201d;).&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;On August 10
 2017
 the court granted the parties&#x2019; stipulation to consolidate the Barnes Complaint
 the Silva Complaint and the Merenstein Complaint under the caption &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;In re The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. Stockholder Class and Derivative Litigation&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt; (the &#x201c;Consolidated Stockholder Class and Derivative Action&#x201d;) and to appoint Robbins Arroyo LLP and Scott+Scott as Co-Lead Counsel
 with the Law Offices of Thomas G. Amon as Liaison Counsel for Plaintiffs. On September 14
 2017
 a related complaint was filed under the caption Oliver v. Berke
 et al. (the &#x201c;Oliver Complaint&#x201d;)
 and on October 6
 2017
 the Oliver Complaint was consolidated with the Consolidated Stockholder Class and Derivative Action. The Plaintiffs filed their consolidated amended complaint under seal on October 26
 2017. On December 20
 2017
 the parties agreed to stay Defendants&#x2019; time to answer
 move
 or otherwise respond to the consolidated amended complaint through and including 30 days after a decision was rendered on the motion to dismiss the Amended Complaint in the Consolidated Securities Action
 described above.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;On March 29
 2019
 the Court in the Consolidated Securities Action granted Defendants&#x2019; motion
 dismissing the Amended Complaint in its entirety
 without prejudice to replead. Co-Lead Plaintiffs in the Consolidated Securities Action filed the Second Amended Complaint on May 6
 2019. The parties to the Consolidated Stockholder Class and Derivative Action agreed to continue the stay of Defendants&#x2019; time to answer
 move
 or otherwise respond to the consolidated amended complaint through 30 days after a decision on Defendants&#x2019; motion to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint in the Consolidated Securities Action.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;On April 6
 2020
 the Court granted Defendants&#x2019; motion to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint in the Consolidated Securities Action
 with prejudice. Pursuant to the terms of the stay
 Defendants in the Consolidated Stockholder Class and Derivative Action had until May 6
 2020 to answer
 move
 or otherwise respond to the complaint in this matter. This deadline was extended
 and Defendants moved to dismiss the Consolidated Stockholder Class and Derivative Action Complaint on June 23
 2020
 with Plaintiffs&#x2019; opposition due August 7
 2020. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;On July 24
 2020
 Plaintiffs made a stockholder litigation demand on the current Board containing overlapping factual allegations to those set forth in the Consolidated Stockholder Class and Derivative Action. On August 10
 2020
 the Court vacated the briefing schedule on Defendants&#x2019; pending motion to dismiss in order to give the Board of Directors time to consider the demand. On each of September 8 and October 8
 2020
 the Court extended its stay of any applicable deadlines for 30 days to give the Board of Directors additional time to complete its evaluation of the demand. On November 3
 2020
 Plaintiffs were informed that the Board of Directors had finished investigating and resolved
 among other things
 that the demand should be rejected. On November 6
 2020
 Plaintiffs and Defendants notified the Court that Plaintiffs were evaluating the rejection of the demand
 sought certain additional information and were assessing next steps
 and requested that the Court extend the stay for an additional 30 days
 to on or around December 7
 2020. Since that time
 Plaintiffs and Defendants have filed a number of joint status reports
 requesting that the Court stay applicable deadlines to allow for the production of certain materials by the Board of Directors for review by Plaintiffs.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt; The current stay ordered by the Court is set to expire on October 29

 a large number of consumer class actions have been brought against the Company alleging that the Company&#x2019;s Earth&#x2019;s Best baby food products (the &#x201c;Products&#x201d;) contain unsafe and undisclosed levels of various naturally-occurring heavy metals
 namely lead
 arsenic
 cadmium and mercury. There are currently 29 active lawsuits
 which generally allege that the Company violated various state consumer protection laws and make other state and common law warranty and unjust enrichment claims related to the alleged failure to disclose the presence of these metals and that consumers would have allegedly either not purchased the Products or would have paid less for them had the Company made adequate disclosures. These putative class actions seek to certify a nationwide class of consumers as well as various state subclasses. One of the consumer class actions (&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:112%&gt;Lauren Smith
 et. al. v. Plum PBC
 et. al&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:112%&gt;.) filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California also alleges civil RICO claims that the Company conspired with other baby food manufacturers to conceal the presence of these heavy metals in our respective products. These actions have been filed against all of the major baby food manufacturers in federal courts across the country. The U.S. Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation (&#x201c;JPML&#x201d;) declined a request to centralize all of the consumer class action lawsuits against all of the baby food manufacturers into a single multidistrict proceeding
 and the vast majority of cases against the Company have now been transferred and consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York

 Case No. 2:21-cv-678. One consumer class action is pending in the U.S. District Court for Northern District of California
 and another is pending in the New York Supreme Court
 Nassau County. The Company has moved to stay or transfer these two cases to the consolidated proceeding in the Eastern District of New York and those motions are pending. The Company denies the allegations in these lawsuits and contends that its baby foods are safe and properly labeled.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The claims raised in these lawsuits were brought in the wake of a highly publicized report issued by the U.S. House of Representatives Subcommittee on Economic and Consumer Policy on Oversight and Reform
 dated February 4
 2021 (the &#x201c;House Report&#x201d;)
 addressing the presence of heavy metals in baby foods made by certain manufacturers
 including the Company. Since the publishing of the House Report
 the Company has also received information requests with respect to the advertising and quality of its baby foods from certain governmental authorities
 as such authorities investigate the claims made in the House Report. The Company is fully cooperating with these requests and is providing documents and other requested information.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;In addition to the consumer class actions discussed above
 the Company is currently named in four lawsuits in state and federal courts alleging some form of personal injury from the ingestion of the Company&#x2019;s Products

 the Company is and may be a defendant in lawsuits from time to time in the normal course of business. While the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty
 the Company believes the reasonably possible losses of such matters
 individually and in the aggregate
 are not material. Additionally
 the Company believes the probable final outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Company&#x2019;s consolidated results of operations
 financial position


      contextRef=ica0982ea6d0c459d971789784bc7098b_D20160817-20160817
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTEvZnJhZzo0ZGI0YTJjODJjOGE0MmI1YmIwM2JlMGIwOTkyYmY1OC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjRkYjRhMmM4MmM4YTQyYjViYjAzYmUwYjA5OTJiZjU4XzMyOTg1MzQ5Nzc1NDU_a22551a7-add4-4829-856e-b3313442b0c7


      contextRef=ica0982ea6d0c459d971789784bc7098b_D20160817-20160817
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTEvZnJhZzo0ZGI0YTJjODJjOGE0MmI1YmIwM2JlMGIwOTkyYmY1OC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjRkYjRhMmM4MmM4YTQyYjViYjAzYmUwYjA5OTJiZjU4XzMyOTg1MzQ5Nzc1NTY_82890d6e-2585-4ae7-a1cc-2bb693b6930f


      contextRef=if62a922490f04de982c5b47b470097c2_D20170419-20170426
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTEvZnJhZzo0ZGI0YTJjODJjOGE0MmI1YmIwM2JlMGIwOTkyYmY1OC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjRkYjRhMmM4MmM4YTQyYjViYjAzYmUwYjA5OTJiZjU4XzMyOTg1MzQ5Nzc1NjY_516a163a-594a-4a60-8e33-579995d817d1


      contextRef=i4d37162b076e42189ea7a404fa8ca813_I20210630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTEvZnJhZzo0ZGI0YTJjODJjOGE0MmI1YmIwM2JlMGIwOTkyYmY1OC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjRkYjRhMmM4MmM4YTQyYjViYjAzYmUwYjA5OTJiZjU4XzMyOTg1MzQ5Nzc3MTc_c826588f-bb1a-44b0-b267-390f006a4d50


      contextRef=i123e3f3c7b6641aa80139ab6346be83e_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTEvZnJhZzo0ZGI0YTJjODJjOGE0MmI1YmIwM2JlMGIwOTkyYmY1OC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjRkYjRhMmM4MmM4YTQyYjViYjAzYmUwYjA5OTJiZjU4XzMyOTg1MzQ5Nzc1Nzg_0e1c56c4-05bb-4a89-8640-49d97ee14d74


      contextRef=i123e3f3c7b6641aa80139ab6346be83e_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTEvZnJhZzo0ZGI0YTJjODJjOGE0MmI1YmIwM2JlMGIwOTkyYmY1OC90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjRkYjRhMmM4MmM4YTQyYjViYjAzYmUwYjA5OTJiZjU4XzMyOTg1MzQ5Nzc1ODc_71a9d624-2eab-4035-bc7d-2c645b3bad04


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 we may
 in our sole discretion
 make certain matching contributions.  For the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020
 we made contributions to the Plan of &lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;$3
025&lt;/span&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt; and $2
464

 while certain of our international subsidiaries maintain separate defined contribution plans for their employees


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTQvZnJhZzo4MmUxZGJmZGQyMDQ0MDhhYTgwYTM3Nzg0MDk4OGY1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjgyZTFkYmZkZDIwNDQwOGFhODBhMzc3ODQwOTg4ZjViXzEwOTk1MTE2Mjg2MDE_bb541eb9-ad7f-4048-abc0-cdefb5d43562


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTQvZnJhZzo4MmUxZGJmZGQyMDQ0MDhhYTgwYTM3Nzg0MDk4OGY1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjgyZTFkYmZkZDIwNDQwOGFhODBhMzc3ODQwOTg4ZjViXzEwOTk1MTE2Mjg1OTc_4bae475d-ddf2-4ff5-9bed-ee52e9c5754c


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTQvZnJhZzo4MmUxZGJmZGQyMDQ0MDhhYTgwYTM3Nzg0MDk4OGY1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjgyZTFkYmZkZDIwNDQwOGFhODBhMzc3ODQwOTg4ZjViXzU2Nw_8bdfedb9-a211-4dbf-86ce-b9555d2c2961


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 Ella&#x2019;s Kitchen UK and Europe. This structure is in line with how our Chief Operating Decision Maker (&#x201c;CODM&#x201d;) assesses our performance and allocates resources.&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;We use segment net sales and operating income to evaluate performance and to allocate resources. We believe these measures are most relevant in order to analyze segment results and trends. Segment operating income excludes certain general corporate expenses (which are a component of selling
 general and administrative expenses)
 impairment and acquisition related expenses
 restructuring
 integration and other charges.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The Tilda operating segment was classified as discontinued operations as discussed in Note 5


104

171

195

174&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;882
425&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;908

970

053

104




036&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;55
333&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;58
808&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;167
046&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;151
267&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;91

666)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(95
225)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(123




 12%
 and 11% of our consolidated sales for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2021
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 which were primarily related to the United States
 Canada and United Kingdom operating segments. A second customer accounted for approximately
 8%
 9% and 10% of our consolidated sales for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2021
 2020 and 2019
 respectively

 2021
 Corporate and Other primarily included $10
576 related to Productivity and transformation costs and $49
353 of selling general and administrative costs. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:18pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;For the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2020
 Corporate and Other included $32
664 related to Productivity and transformation costs and tradename impairment charges of $13
994 ($8
462 related to North America and $5
532 related to International)
 partially offset by a benefit of $2
962 of proceeds from insurance claim. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:18pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:18pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;For the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2019
 Corporate and Other included $30
156 of Former Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
 net
 $28
443 of Productivity and transformation costs and $4
334 of accounting review and remediation costs.  Corporate and Other for the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2019 also included tradename impairment charges of $17
900 ($15
113 related to North America and $2
787 related to International) and a $4


325

423

512

832&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;309
261&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;296

188&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;192
875&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;180

730&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;128
006&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;115

970

053

104
606&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The Company&#x2019;s net sales by geographic region
 which are generally based on the location of the Company&#x2019;s subsidiary
 are as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.853%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:60.393%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.556%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:9.880%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.556%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.027%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.556%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.032%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Fiscal Year Ended June 30


016

052

674&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;650
416&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;704

213&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;387
257&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;347

970

053

104
606&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;border-bottom:3pt double #000000;border-top:1pt solid #000000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;/table&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-top:5pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;The Company&#x2019;s long-lived assets
 which primarily represent net property
 plant and equipment
 by geographic region are as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.561%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:72.321%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.562%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.647%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.121%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.649%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Fiscal Year Ended June 30



973&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;144

864&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;101




      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmYyZWMyZDAxYjhkMjRkYTA5YTIyNjNhZTE0ZjYwMDViXzMyOTg1MzQ4OTQ5NTg_7cb54315-a798-46e3-b1b2-160d7319e185


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=INF
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmYyZWMyZDAxYjhkMjRkYTA5YTIyNjNhZTE0ZjYwMDViXzMyOTg1MzQ4OTUwNDE_b5aeff35-8645-4540-83eb-557a44f70a35


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


104

171

195

174&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;882
425&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;908

970

053

104




036&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;55
333&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;58
808&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;167
046&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;151
267&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;border-top:1pt solid #000;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;91

666)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(95
225)&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;(123




 12%
 and 11% of our consolidated sales for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2021
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 which were primarily related to the United States
 Canada and United Kingdom operating segments. A second customer accounted for approximately
 8%
 9% and 10% of our consolidated sales for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2021
 2020 and 2019
 respectively

 2021
 Corporate and Other primarily included $10
576 related to Productivity and transformation costs and $49
353 of selling general and administrative costs. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:18pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;For the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2020
 Corporate and Other included $32
664 related to Productivity and transformation costs and tradename impairment charges of $13
994 ($8
462 related to North America and $5
532 related to International)
 partially offset by a benefit of $2
962 of proceeds from insurance claim. &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:18pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=padding-left:18pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-style:italic;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;For the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2019
 Corporate and Other included $30
156 of Former Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
 net
 $28
443 of Productivity and transformation costs and $4
334 of accounting review and remediation costs.  Corporate and Other for the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2019 also included tradename impairment charges of $17
900 ($15
113 related to North America and $2
787 related to International) and a $4


      contextRef=ic13900e62bf34e6e9f838ca7a47e6642_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjBmZTljMjAxYjA0Y2ZiYmIzMmE3NGNjYjVmYzI2YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmMGZlOWMyMDFiMDRjZmJiYjMyYTc0Y2NiNWZjMjZhXzMtMi0xLTEtMA_b79a5e26-a41b-4cd4-be27-6e9c95686525


      contextRef=i0d343f79c3b7452a943c6f0381e78dd7_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjBmZTljMjAxYjA0Y2ZiYmIzMmE3NGNjYjVmYzI2YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmMGZlOWMyMDFiMDRjZmJiYjMyYTc0Y2NiNWZjMjZhXzMtNC0xLTEtMA_fc56e418-8e7b-42ed-b95a-337f045523df


      contextRef=i8d3eec0996f940bf807bbed997289c22_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjBmZTljMjAxYjA0Y2ZiYmIzMmE3NGNjYjVmYzI2YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmMGZlOWMyMDFiMDRjZmJiYjMyYTc0Y2NiNWZjMjZhXzMtNi0xLTEtMA_5718c51f-33ce-451d-a009-d35500118354


      contextRef=ife1d4bc0b33049b89edc3ce1eb15a6ad_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjBmZTljMjAxYjA0Y2ZiYmIzMmE3NGNjYjVmYzI2YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmMGZlOWMyMDFiMDRjZmJiYjMyYTc0Y2NiNWZjMjZhXzQtMi0xLTEtMA_928b19d8-da9f-4012-ab6d-e122a60ad83c


      contextRef=i7b0a4844576b42f490b0524be5e088f2_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjBmZTljMjAxYjA0Y2ZiYmIzMmE3NGNjYjVmYzI2YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmMGZlOWMyMDFiMDRjZmJiYjMyYTc0Y2NiNWZjMjZhXzQtNC0xLTEtMA_39770a03-7eda-4571-a821-3fe4bc4c6538


      contextRef=i86591bebdcac4a00989a072ab3948148_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjBmZTljMjAxYjA0Y2ZiYmIzMmE3NGNjYjVmYzI2YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmMGZlOWMyMDFiMDRjZmJiYjMyYTc0Y2NiNWZjMjZhXzQtNi0xLTEtMA_9856b6e5-8cf5-4bf7-9456-34466795fdb8


      contextRef=i96290c96f8044d55a794f6574b08fcf4_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjBmZTljMjAxYjA0Y2ZiYmIzMmE3NGNjYjVmYzI2YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmMGZlOWMyMDFiMDRjZmJiYjMyYTc0Y2NiNWZjMjZhXzUtMi0xLTEtMA_286a110c-faf1-4371-b42d-427020a66561


      contextRef=i6417b87e772e4dfba5da1d48ff0af0e5_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjBmZTljMjAxYjA0Y2ZiYmIzMmE3NGNjYjVmYzI2YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmMGZlOWMyMDFiMDRjZmJiYjMyYTc0Y2NiNWZjMjZhXzUtNC0xLTEtMA_3c536b44-1fdd-42eb-af0d-93cf79a94f33


      contextRef=ie22859266dba412f925c8c4dc3c155fa_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjBmZTljMjAxYjA0Y2ZiYmIzMmE3NGNjYjVmYzI2YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmMGZlOWMyMDFiMDRjZmJiYjMyYTc0Y2NiNWZjMjZhXzUtNi0xLTEtMA_49fea079-1f6e-4c20-b70a-dbccd8c244f8


      contextRef=ic13900e62bf34e6e9f838ca7a47e6642_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjBmZTljMjAxYjA0Y2ZiYmIzMmE3NGNjYjVmYzI2YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmMGZlOWMyMDFiMDRjZmJiYjMyYTc0Y2NiNWZjMjZhXzgtMi0xLTEtMA_bd76e6e5-bb68-445c-82fd-fa91123eace9


      contextRef=i0d343f79c3b7452a943c6f0381e78dd7_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjBmZTljMjAxYjA0Y2ZiYmIzMmE3NGNjYjVmYzI2YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmMGZlOWMyMDFiMDRjZmJiYjMyYTc0Y2NiNWZjMjZhXzgtNC0xLTEtMA_df0e73ac-99b1-45d8-ac89-dbff64b3b452


      contextRef=i8d3eec0996f940bf807bbed997289c22_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjBmZTljMjAxYjA0Y2ZiYmIzMmE3NGNjYjVmYzI2YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmMGZlOWMyMDFiMDRjZmJiYjMyYTc0Y2NiNWZjMjZhXzgtNi0xLTEtMA_2ff164dd-7343-406d-88a8-45f33507d3ed


      contextRef=ife1d4bc0b33049b89edc3ce1eb15a6ad_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjBmZTljMjAxYjA0Y2ZiYmIzMmE3NGNjYjVmYzI2YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmMGZlOWMyMDFiMDRjZmJiYjMyYTc0Y2NiNWZjMjZhXzktMi0xLTEtMA_f7279036-fb85-4b59-91a9-5ae2d98867a2


      contextRef=i7b0a4844576b42f490b0524be5e088f2_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjBmZTljMjAxYjA0Y2ZiYmIzMmE3NGNjYjVmYzI2YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmMGZlOWMyMDFiMDRjZmJiYjMyYTc0Y2NiNWZjMjZhXzktNC0xLTEtMA_28821314-68ac-44fb-9d9d-c714fcc299f4


      contextRef=i86591bebdcac4a00989a072ab3948148_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjBmZTljMjAxYjA0Y2ZiYmIzMmE3NGNjYjVmYzI2YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmMGZlOWMyMDFiMDRjZmJiYjMyYTc0Y2NiNWZjMjZhXzktNi0xLTEtMA_675f2499-b1b6-43e9-bbff-9d462fcfaa4f


      contextRef=i96290c96f8044d55a794f6574b08fcf4_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjBmZTljMjAxYjA0Y2ZiYmIzMmE3NGNjYjVmYzI2YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmMGZlOWMyMDFiMDRjZmJiYjMyYTc0Y2NiNWZjMjZhXzEwLTItMS0xLTA_76f337ea-6c4e-42aa-94c9-36581865da78


      contextRef=i6417b87e772e4dfba5da1d48ff0af0e5_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjBmZTljMjAxYjA0Y2ZiYmIzMmE3NGNjYjVmYzI2YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmMGZlOWMyMDFiMDRjZmJiYjMyYTc0Y2NiNWZjMjZhXzEwLTQtMS0xLTA_2dc00648-842e-414c-b60d-6090ea89278d


      contextRef=ie22859266dba412f925c8c4dc3c155fa_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjBmZTljMjAxYjA0Y2ZiYmIzMmE3NGNjYjVmYzI2YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmMGZlOWMyMDFiMDRjZmJiYjMyYTc0Y2NiNWZjMjZhXzEwLTYtMS0xLTA_b1dd2130-4f2a-4bfe-bfcf-83f16c094b35


      contextRef=ie0533f4997e141b480ef482577b3ead5_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjBmZTljMjAxYjA0Y2ZiYmIzMmE3NGNjYjVmYzI2YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmMGZlOWMyMDFiMDRjZmJiYjMyYTc0Y2NiNWZjMjZhXzExLTItMS0xLTA_6c283cf3-45a4-421f-a783-637edcde7656


      contextRef=i427eaab9a3ca4836846fa046c23515c7_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjBmZTljMjAxYjA0Y2ZiYmIzMmE3NGNjYjVmYzI2YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmMGZlOWMyMDFiMDRjZmJiYjMyYTc0Y2NiNWZjMjZhXzExLTQtMS0xLTA_db9edafa-e51b-4598-b131-48ed5730c89a


      contextRef=i0f60da4416814a08b2212c5d40df81ca_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjBmZTljMjAxYjA0Y2ZiYmIzMmE3NGNjYjVmYzI2YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmMGZlOWMyMDFiMDRjZmJiYjMyYTc0Y2NiNWZjMjZhXzExLTYtMS0xLTA_a4d91838-ba83-4cb9-9ae9-6151505f7dad


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjBmZTljMjAxYjA0Y2ZiYmIzMmE3NGNjYjVmYzI2YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmMGZlOWMyMDFiMDRjZmJiYjMyYTc0Y2NiNWZjMjZhXzEyLTItMS0xLTA_ff8a46cb-5c4b-43af-b989-a2e310dfef97


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjBmZTljMjAxYjA0Y2ZiYmIzMmE3NGNjYjVmYzI2YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmMGZlOWMyMDFiMDRjZmJiYjMyYTc0Y2NiNWZjMjZhXzEyLTQtMS0xLTA_01603895-4697-452c-bc4e-76ad7c00fe11


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo5ZjBmZTljMjAxYjA0Y2ZiYmIzMmE3NGNjYjVmYzI2YS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjlmMGZlOWMyMDFiMDRjZmJiYjMyYTc0Y2NiNWZjMjZhXzEyLTYtMS0xLTA_ed46d178-a038-4d26-be47-ca82aa68b05e


      contextRef=i14287c924d3641368a7b61027e45ea6a_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmYyZWMyZDAxYjhkMjRkYTA5YTIyNjNhZTE0ZjYwMDViXzI0NDk_16513eff-488b-4a3d-93b2-24c8b2a538e6


      contextRef=if6ec0aecce1a4caf83497f75bb208997_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmYyZWMyZDAxYjhkMjRkYTA5YTIyNjNhZTE0ZjYwMDViXzI0NTM_d0f7e23e-2559-4779-99f2-b4a52c1a1bc8


      contextRef=ic347c6c086934041b9f2cbf98f625fce_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmYyZWMyZDAxYjhkMjRkYTA5YTIyNjNhZTE0ZjYwMDViXzI0NjE_cb8f3ab1-26c8-475c-a9c0-a124b78d5334


      contextRef=icec31409566646e4a3ea882200f08820_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmYyZWMyZDAxYjhkMjRkYTA5YTIyNjNhZTE0ZjYwMDViXzI2ODY_64414069-71bf-4e44-84f1-3e9fa6856741


      contextRef=i8ed45253a7ba4efbabb617b542c943f5_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmYyZWMyZDAxYjhkMjRkYTA5YTIyNjNhZTE0ZjYwMDViXzI2OTA_b5ee6863-f512-436e-bc85-9e807bb89842


      contextRef=ib7f5b828de844cbebb62161edf991d90_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=2
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmYyZWMyZDAxYjhkMjRkYTA5YTIyNjNhZTE0ZjYwMDViXzI2OTc_c3efff91-8a26-451b-9331-1f3e81ce6d06


      contextRef=ie0533f4997e141b480ef482577b3ead5_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmYyZWMyZDAxYjhkMjRkYTA5YTIyNjNhZTE0ZjYwMDViXzI5Mjg_42775e6b-79df-4654-a0bf-f0f83d4c6bc1


      contextRef=ie0533f4997e141b480ef482577b3ead5_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmYyZWMyZDAxYjhkMjRkYTA5YTIyNjNhZTE0ZjYwMDViXzMyOTg1MzQ4OTQ5Njc_a4750986-2a1a-4c99-a956-96dbe9c34843


      contextRef=i427eaab9a3ca4836846fa046c23515c7_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmYyZWMyZDAxYjhkMjRkYTA5YTIyNjNhZTE0ZjYwMDViXzEwOTk1MTE2MzMxMDE_b5e58789-8b8d-4efa-8829-f2bde3a3f990


      contextRef=if6e9cbd19c724db68de679132d3f1913_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmYyZWMyZDAxYjhkMjRkYTA5YTIyNjNhZTE0ZjYwMDViXzEwOTk1MTE2MzkzNzE_2b60f8a8-4f6a-490e-a40f-c48aabbc6654


      contextRef=i888b303ff33143b58c8c322ecfe72bb9_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmYyZWMyZDAxYjhkMjRkYTA5YTIyNjNhZTE0ZjYwMDViXzEwOTk1MTE2MzkzNzU_c2670e50-8b00-4dad-b575-8d53c6963be6


      contextRef=id40874751161420b9008876cf094eda5_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmYyZWMyZDAxYjhkMjRkYTA5YTIyNjNhZTE0ZjYwMDViXzEwOTk1MTE2MzM0NDc_35c2de33-a44d-4ec6-a3aa-64b45e387773


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmYyZWMyZDAxYjhkMjRkYTA5YTIyNjNhZTE0ZjYwMDViXzEwOTk1MTE2MzU0MzA_3e4e7ba7-99de-4d92-ab10-d940d83c0e7d


      contextRef=i0f60da4416814a08b2212c5d40df81ca_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmYyZWMyZDAxYjhkMjRkYTA5YTIyNjNhZTE0ZjYwMDViXzEwOTk1MTE2MzU0NDI_30d93baa-f26e-4891-8e8a-9c1518e297e0


      contextRef=i0f60da4416814a08b2212c5d40df81ca_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmYyZWMyZDAxYjhkMjRkYTA5YTIyNjNhZTE0ZjYwMDViXzEwOTk1MTE2MzU0NDY_cb6bb5db-ccaa-461d-9354-012c72309544


      contextRef=i0f60da4416814a08b2212c5d40df81ca_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmYyZWMyZDAxYjhkMjRkYTA5YTIyNjNhZTE0ZjYwMDViXzEwOTk1MTE2MzU0NTA_349790d4-b7a5-4c2b-bc9b-e1b33907615c


      contextRef=ib904c65d2d8041c2babc9fb27a524be8_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmYyZWMyZDAxYjhkMjRkYTA5YTIyNjNhZTE0ZjYwMDViXzEwOTk1MTE2MzQxOTY_71c3349f-0009-4c8c-a435-926eab805c05


      contextRef=i02c98a491d8a40b88d2059603c22c333_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmYyZWMyZDAxYjhkMjRkYTA5YTIyNjNhZTE0ZjYwMDViXzEwOTk1MTE2MzQyMDE_299720e0-610e-4506-a66a-8d1f4ac02e6d


      contextRef=i944e97a09da843759cd1f0d5c574eef9_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmYyZWMyZDAxYjhkMjRkYTA5YTIyNjNhZTE0ZjYwMDViXzEwOTk1MTE2MzQyMzQ_03ff91ca-4206-48ec-8b9b-0159f67b5f2f


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOmYyZWMyZDAxYjhkMjRkYTA5YTIyNjNhZTE0ZjYwMDViXzEwOTk1MTE2MzU1MTQ_f5644fe2-fe11-49aa-bcce-2d62d06b96b9


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630


325

423

512

832&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;309
261&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;296

188&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;192
875&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;180

730&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;128
006&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;115

970

053

104


      contextRef=i7b2fa159c89f431c814271b8f507d35f_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTpjNzdhMWM0NjVkMzQ0OTNmOWQ3OGYyYTUzZDkyOGYwMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM3N2ExYzQ2NWQzNDQ5M2Y5ZDc4ZjJhNTNkOTI4ZjAyXzItMi0xLTEtMA_6700dfb0-2ae4-4e66-b590-93ce3c673ff2


      contextRef=i14b33b49613f4a03811f87f3ee3d6186_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTpjNzdhMWM0NjVkMzQ0OTNmOWQ3OGYyYTUzZDkyOGYwMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM3N2ExYzQ2NWQzNDQ5M2Y5ZDc4ZjJhNTNkOTI4ZjAyXzItNC0xLTEtMA_3d81fade-7faa-4f14-a614-a40dab9d2c9a


      contextRef=i19da1510bc0a44ce93ef20cf5dcaf21f_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTpjNzdhMWM0NjVkMzQ0OTNmOWQ3OGYyYTUzZDkyOGYwMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM3N2ExYzQ2NWQzNDQ5M2Y5ZDc4ZjJhNTNkOTI4ZjAyXzItNi0xLTEtMA_54c1f79c-6680-430a-bf42-4683fcef7ecf


      contextRef=ia5e80a73d860486f9ffd2afa58d29fdc_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTpjNzdhMWM0NjVkMzQ0OTNmOWQ3OGYyYTUzZDkyOGYwMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM3N2ExYzQ2NWQzNDQ5M2Y5ZDc4ZjJhNTNkOTI4ZjAyXzMtMi0xLTEtMA_1d2f205b-561e-4e26-a610-d956889ddcf1


      contextRef=i35c2f0adc95549868a6bee715433700a_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTpjNzdhMWM0NjVkMzQ0OTNmOWQ3OGYyYTUzZDkyOGYwMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM3N2ExYzQ2NWQzNDQ5M2Y5ZDc4ZjJhNTNkOTI4ZjAyXzMtNC0xLTEtMA_5bd869eb-1aa0-4b26-8c66-db17b59d99be


      contextRef=i8fb8cdf1469d4b06a2b74dbb186355c2_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTpjNzdhMWM0NjVkMzQ0OTNmOWQ3OGYyYTUzZDkyOGYwMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM3N2ExYzQ2NWQzNDQ5M2Y5ZDc4ZjJhNTNkOTI4ZjAyXzMtNi0xLTEtMA_7cdb31ca-4e12-4c91-9e50-1be48b43e13a


      contextRef=i6f95ccdea4594c229bde3657183d937b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTpjNzdhMWM0NjVkMzQ0OTNmOWQ3OGYyYTUzZDkyOGYwMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM3N2ExYzQ2NWQzNDQ5M2Y5ZDc4ZjJhNTNkOTI4ZjAyXzQtMi0xLTEtMA_13f7859f-4d48-4ab8-864b-bca5b0547f46


      contextRef=i08c83f9308a5469485a7e28e50dc41ae_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTpjNzdhMWM0NjVkMzQ0OTNmOWQ3OGYyYTUzZDkyOGYwMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM3N2ExYzQ2NWQzNDQ5M2Y5ZDc4ZjJhNTNkOTI4ZjAyXzQtNC0xLTEtMA_683ab616-b5fa-4e60-b4cd-336b201390d8


      contextRef=i53af93d85d69483285fdf51fe7111473_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTpjNzdhMWM0NjVkMzQ0OTNmOWQ3OGYyYTUzZDkyOGYwMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM3N2ExYzQ2NWQzNDQ5M2Y5ZDc4ZjJhNTNkOTI4ZjAyXzQtNi0xLTEtMA_5e415fe8-f949-4f6a-b477-7965c2ebaed2


      contextRef=ib4774c0f0303462289a427e553691471_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTpjNzdhMWM0NjVkMzQ0OTNmOWQ3OGYyYTUzZDkyOGYwMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM3N2ExYzQ2NWQzNDQ5M2Y5ZDc4ZjJhNTNkOTI4ZjAyXzUtMi0xLTEtMA_0bd02159-713d-403d-b9bf-d0132fdf22f3


      contextRef=i827eb65d7d534c0bb2b513ff9d0f3732_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTpjNzdhMWM0NjVkMzQ0OTNmOWQ3OGYyYTUzZDkyOGYwMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM3N2ExYzQ2NWQzNDQ5M2Y5ZDc4ZjJhNTNkOTI4ZjAyXzUtNC0xLTEtMA_87da5ab3-3826-4cd3-8bcb-778213b36d0f


      contextRef=i18a779ec6c024d7081a8bfc7a4ddeb5a_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTpjNzdhMWM0NjVkMzQ0OTNmOWQ3OGYyYTUzZDkyOGYwMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM3N2ExYzQ2NWQzNDQ5M2Y5ZDc4ZjJhNTNkOTI4ZjAyXzUtNi0xLTEtMA_cb90ccdd-51cf-4faf-8095-4cbb06635efe


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTpjNzdhMWM0NjVkMzQ0OTNmOWQ3OGYyYTUzZDkyOGYwMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM3N2ExYzQ2NWQzNDQ5M2Y5ZDc4ZjJhNTNkOTI4ZjAyXzYtMi0xLTEtMA_c05e1c7f-52fd-4cc6-a1d5-2f9a378cc163


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTpjNzdhMWM0NjVkMzQ0OTNmOWQ3OGYyYTUzZDkyOGYwMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM3N2ExYzQ2NWQzNDQ5M2Y5ZDc4ZjJhNTNkOTI4ZjAyXzYtNC0xLTEtMA_c4ed8777-3ce6-450a-815d-7206d770e8fb


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTpjNzdhMWM0NjVkMzQ0OTNmOWQ3OGYyYTUzZDkyOGYwMi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOmM3N2ExYzQ2NWQzNDQ5M2Y5ZDc4ZjJhNTNkOTI4ZjAyXzYtNi0xLTEtMA_25d6629f-8a3a-495b-8ce9-77d5c19eed71


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 which are generally based on the location of the Company&#x2019;s subsidiary
 are as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:center&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.853%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:60.393%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.556%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:9.880%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.556%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.027%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.556%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.032%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=15 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Fiscal Year Ended June 30


016

052

674&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;650
416&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;704

213&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;387
257&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;347

970

053

104


      contextRef=i492631ed2a0f408b894d5f72c3cddffd_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo4YWIzNGI5ZjQ5NmM0NGI5YWViM2Q2YmE2ZDAyOGNiNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhhYjM0YjlmNDk2YzQ0YjlhZWIzZDZiYTZkMDI4Y2I1XzItMi0xLTEtMA_56b0a4d7-213c-4b2a-a0a4-64f4e7170bba


      contextRef=i52e4ce1980774829b96e80068197f228_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo4YWIzNGI5ZjQ5NmM0NGI5YWViM2Q2YmE2ZDAyOGNiNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhhYjM0YjlmNDk2YzQ0YjlhZWIzZDZiYTZkMDI4Y2I1XzItNC0xLTEtMA_72cadc05-040b-44c4-ba88-37824f837915


      contextRef=i16790611bd04423b8f7bc7fd4f4fe574_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo4YWIzNGI5ZjQ5NmM0NGI5YWViM2Q2YmE2ZDAyOGNiNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhhYjM0YjlmNDk2YzQ0YjlhZWIzZDZiYTZkMDI4Y2I1XzItNi0xLTEtMA_7772dc4d-8c54-4419-98a6-a0a1cede0a6d


      contextRef=ie8de54a54e394335b71212bd4cf2224d_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo4YWIzNGI5ZjQ5NmM0NGI5YWViM2Q2YmE2ZDAyOGNiNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhhYjM0YjlmNDk2YzQ0YjlhZWIzZDZiYTZkMDI4Y2I1XzMtMi0xLTEtMA_f303db68-b64e-4644-84e7-6d95c7b96e5d


      contextRef=ifaf06957407a446d8c2da5027126ee91_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo4YWIzNGI5ZjQ5NmM0NGI5YWViM2Q2YmE2ZDAyOGNiNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhhYjM0YjlmNDk2YzQ0YjlhZWIzZDZiYTZkMDI4Y2I1XzMtNC0xLTEtMA_a4df7f1d-4fc0-49da-9e81-4faa78927506


      contextRef=id5e1cedfd4c24551badbf716f98abf50_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo4YWIzNGI5ZjQ5NmM0NGI5YWViM2Q2YmE2ZDAyOGNiNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhhYjM0YjlmNDk2YzQ0YjlhZWIzZDZiYTZkMDI4Y2I1XzMtNi0xLTEtMA_14855982-6fb2-4e26-a867-27407fc9d0bf


      contextRef=i645bb380efa34833807d0a3dd1c27e03_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo4YWIzNGI5ZjQ5NmM0NGI5YWViM2Q2YmE2ZDAyOGNiNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhhYjM0YjlmNDk2YzQ0YjlhZWIzZDZiYTZkMDI4Y2I1XzQtMi0xLTEtMA_77ac78bb-0ce7-4298-b32c-85b83586b336


      contextRef=i980cff145ee343d48148ca604c25d3c6_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo4YWIzNGI5ZjQ5NmM0NGI5YWViM2Q2YmE2ZDAyOGNiNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhhYjM0YjlmNDk2YzQ0YjlhZWIzZDZiYTZkMDI4Y2I1XzQtNC0xLTEtMA_e45053ed-9d92-433e-86b4-d090160fdf31


      contextRef=i79f3116f864641089181d15240e92b26_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo4YWIzNGI5ZjQ5NmM0NGI5YWViM2Q2YmE2ZDAyOGNiNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhhYjM0YjlmNDk2YzQ0YjlhZWIzZDZiYTZkMDI4Y2I1XzQtNi0xLTEtMA_9b911bb2-8305-41a7-880f-b4cb4603317a


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo4YWIzNGI5ZjQ5NmM0NGI5YWViM2Q2YmE2ZDAyOGNiNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhhYjM0YjlmNDk2YzQ0YjlhZWIzZDZiYTZkMDI4Y2I1XzUtMi0xLTEtMA_c95ec47e-9fb7-4827-88bf-f5e06a6a6657


      contextRef=ib6c5ea349aa24b51a9bdbe73d53ede3e_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo4YWIzNGI5ZjQ5NmM0NGI5YWViM2Q2YmE2ZDAyOGNiNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhhYjM0YjlmNDk2YzQ0YjlhZWIzZDZiYTZkMDI4Y2I1XzUtNC0xLTEtMA_fbe4e839-bbad-41b1-bd0d-69b964e2e6d6


      contextRef=i429419716a5841e38c286be651460454_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo4YWIzNGI5ZjQ5NmM0NGI5YWViM2Q2YmE2ZDAyOGNiNS90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhhYjM0YjlmNDk2YzQ0YjlhZWIzZDZiYTZkMDI4Y2I1XzUtNi0xLTEtMA_474d6764-3786-4fa3-9c3c-a7f9848d4303


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 which primarily represent net property
 plant and equipment
 by geographic region are as follows:&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=margin-bottom:5pt;margin-top:5pt;text-align:justify&gt;&lt;table style=border-collapse:collapse;display:inline-table;vertical-align:top;width:99.561%&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:72.321%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.562%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.647%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.121%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:1.0%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:10.649%/&gt;&lt;td style=width:0.1%/&gt;&lt;/tr&gt;&lt;tr&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=9 style=padding:2px 1pt;text-align:center;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:700;line-height:100%&gt;Fiscal Year Ended June 30



973&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#ffffff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;144

864&#160;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/td&gt;&lt;td style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 1pt 2px 0;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle/&gt;&lt;td colspan=3 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:0 1pt/&gt;&lt;td colspan=2 style=background-color:#cceeff;padding:2px 0 2px 1pt;text-align:right;vertical-align:middle&gt;&lt;span style=color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:100%&gt;101




      contextRef=ic6272132c31d42188ecc9018e589c87a_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo4YWQxM2Q0NThmYWM0M2M5YmVkNzkxNWRlNDkwM2E3Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhhZDEzZDQ1OGZhYzQzYzliZWQ3OTE1ZGU0OTAzYTdmXzItMi0xLTEtMA_dae6169a-4636-4bba-8e69-393a60ae44d5


      contextRef=idf99551cb1ad4255961d611267b1e06e_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo4YWQxM2Q0NThmYWM0M2M5YmVkNzkxNWRlNDkwM2E3Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhhZDEzZDQ1OGZhYzQzYzliZWQ3OTE1ZGU0OTAzYTdmXzItNC0xLTEtMA_0f864f37-84a3-4199-852e-1b867cd9a14e


      contextRef=i0df3f3527ab542dd9e5d7f57d77a74aa_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo4YWQxM2Q0NThmYWM0M2M5YmVkNzkxNWRlNDkwM2E3Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhhZDEzZDQ1OGZhYzQzYzliZWQ3OTE1ZGU0OTAzYTdmXzMtMi0xLTEtMA_7df7cda0-aac6-4d84-ba0f-50afbd854530


      contextRef=ia005c6d752dc430882bf211e947c0867_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo4YWQxM2Q0NThmYWM0M2M5YmVkNzkxNWRlNDkwM2E3Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhhZDEzZDQ1OGZhYzQzYzliZWQ3OTE1ZGU0OTAzYTdmXzMtNC0xLTEtMA_6d7d9fe6-bce9-486f-9b17-924f18aa7798


      contextRef=i4cfe574bad4a4fbaa1d9d0824a3bda2d_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo4YWQxM2Q0NThmYWM0M2M5YmVkNzkxNWRlNDkwM2E3Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhhZDEzZDQ1OGZhYzQzYzliZWQ3OTE1ZGU0OTAzYTdmXzQtMi0xLTEtMA_893ab98e-1866-4e04-9132-8485ff05e800


      contextRef=i51a29a4f2fd44d59ab5f224458183314_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo4YWQxM2Q0NThmYWM0M2M5YmVkNzkxNWRlNDkwM2E3Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhhZDEzZDQ1OGZhYzQzYzliZWQ3OTE1ZGU0OTAzYTdmXzQtNC0xLTEtMA_aa2d4e59-3a81-4b67-800b-306990488501


      contextRef=i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo4YWQxM2Q0NThmYWM0M2M5YmVkNzkxNWRlNDkwM2E3Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhhZDEzZDQ1OGZhYzQzYzliZWQ3OTE1ZGU0OTAzYTdmXzUtMi0xLTEtMA_0bfe5d09-1586-4cd1-987b-39e4afde2a32


      contextRef=ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMTcvZnJhZzpmMmVjMmQwMWI4ZDI0ZGEwOWEyMjYzYWUxNGY2MDA1Yi90YWJsZTo4YWQxM2Q0NThmYWM0M2M5YmVkNzkxNWRlNDkwM2E3Zi90YWJsZXJhbmdlOjhhZDEzZDQ1OGZhYzQzYzliZWQ3OTE1ZGU0OTAzYTdmXzUtNC0xLTEtMA_98fab1a4-c6b5-4ae7-a0ad-17728379783a


      contextRef=i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630

 2021
 the Company completed the divestiture of its North America non-dairy beverages brands

 for $31
320. The purchaser in this transaction was SunOpta Inc. (&#x201c;SunOpta&#x201d;). The non-employee chair of the Company's Board of Directors is also the chair of the board of SunOpta.&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;SunOpta is also one of the Company&#x2019;s suppliers
 for which the Company incurs expenses in the ordinary course of business. The Company incurred expenses of $13
050
 $19
551 and $21
633 in fiscal years 2021
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 to SunOpta and its affiliated entities.  &lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;/span&gt;&lt;/div&gt;&lt;div style=text-align:justify&gt;&lt;span style=background-color:#ffffff;color:#000000;font-family:'Times New Roman',sans-serif;font-size:10pt;font-weight:400;line-height:120%&gt;A former member of our Board of Directors is a partner in a law firm which provides legal services to the Company. The Company incurred expenses of $2
295
 $4
242 and $2
592 in fiscal years 2021
 2020 and 2019
 respectively


      contextRef=i5272a405139d4b20a30e8abc381937b8_D20210415-20210415
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMjYvZnJhZzoyYTBmYmFjNDhkNWI0YTczYTE5ZWViZDNhMmYzYzgxMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJhMGZiYWM0OGQ1YjRhNzNhMTllZWJkM2EyZjNjODEzXzEwOTk1MTE2Mjg4NDk_c3af3a74-93f7-4d88-bbdf-21efa4b79a75


      contextRef=i4d7c18ea0c284ae48c7fcaa0eae3e470_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMjYvZnJhZzoyYTBmYmFjNDhkNWI0YTczYTE5ZWViZDNhMmYzYzgxMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJhMGZiYWM0OGQ1YjRhNzNhMTllZWJkM2EyZjNjODEzXzI0NQ_97df0eba-9d04-4175-a803-f5d9d1a9a1e9


      contextRef=iaf47aa2671314b5e9c32089d030035ab_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMjYvZnJhZzoyYTBmYmFjNDhkNWI0YTczYTE5ZWViZDNhMmYzYzgxMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJhMGZiYWM0OGQ1YjRhNzNhMTllZWJkM2EyZjNjODEzXzI0OQ_e6e88068-8597-4c1f-a73a-a2ea3889ff46


      contextRef=i43bb3be9001640a8922da502301fd47c_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMjYvZnJhZzoyYTBmYmFjNDhkNWI0YTczYTE5ZWViZDNhMmYzYzgxMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJhMGZiYWM0OGQ1YjRhNzNhMTllZWJkM2EyZjNjODEzXzI1Ng_947a8da5-68ac-4c68-9007-19dcaa5bad38


      contextRef=ie61334cb52004170ada1b525b5db8143_D20200701-20210630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMjYvZnJhZzoyYTBmYmFjNDhkNWI0YTczYTE5ZWViZDNhMmYzYzgxMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJhMGZiYWM0OGQ1YjRhNzNhMTllZWJkM2EyZjNjODEzXzUwMg_8430d290-f48c-4631-9589-71c3707d40a9


      contextRef=id45f75f4393841f4b33c4dd9cbd56410_D20190701-20200630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMjYvZnJhZzoyYTBmYmFjNDhkNWI0YTczYTE5ZWViZDNhMmYzYzgxMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJhMGZiYWM0OGQ1YjRhNzNhMTllZWJkM2EyZjNjODEzXzUwNg_3f39cdc5-0092-4215-8d5b-23ceeb5bedd8


      contextRef=i22a6b7e4d4d041099753f062a1700327_D20180701-20190630
      decimals=-3
      id=id3VybDovL2RvY3MudjEvZG9jOjQ5YzJjY2QxOWIwMzRkMWVhODk5YWI2NTdhZDRkNzE5L3NlYzo0OWMyY2NkMTliMDM0ZDFlYTg5OWFiNjU3YWQ0ZDcxOV8yMjYvZnJhZzoyYTBmYmFjNDhkNWI0YTczYTE5ZWViZDNhMmYzYzgxMy90ZXh0cmVnaW9uOjJhMGZiYWM0OGQ1YjRhNzNhMTllZWJkM2EyZjNjODEzXzUxMw_7899b933-7743-4cd6-a99b-a2d7099fb411
















							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Jun. 30
 2021
Aug. 19
 2021
Dec. 31
 2020































  2021



























 INC.







Entity Incorporation
 State or Country Code

















Entity Address
 Address Line One








Entity Address
 City or Town








Entity Address
 State or Province








Entity Address
 Postal Zip Code




























 par value $0.01 per share
















































































































356
228
556



Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



479
264







 Inc. Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.









































































































































































































Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in YYYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report
 the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period.  The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.





























 -Name Forms 10-K
 10-Q
 20-F



























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.

























































Address Line 1 such as Attn
 Building Name
 Street Name
















































































































































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.

























































Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits
 the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits
 the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters
 and the fields are separated with a hyphen.




























Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.






















































































The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.






















































































The Tax Identification Number (TIN)
 also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN)
 is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.

























































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.

























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020











871


771



Accounts receivable
 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $1
314 and $638
 respectively

066


969





410


170





834


690





874


334





055


934



Property
 plant and equipment
 net

777


256





067


958



Trademarks and other intangible assets
 net

895


462





917


439





010


165





187


238





205
908


188
452












947


009





957


045







656







567





434


277



Long-term debt
 less current portion

492


118





639


849



Operating lease liabilities
 noncurrent portion

929


962





531


692





025


898

















Preferred stock - $.01 par value
 authorized 5
000 shares; issued and outstanding: none






Common stock - $.01 par value
 authorized 150
000 shares; issued: 109
507 and 109
123 shares
 respectively; outstanding: 99
069 and 101
885 shares
 respectively

096


092





187
530


171
875





225


171





011)


392)





806
840


615
746



Less: Treasury stock
 at cost
 10
438 and 7
238 shares
 respectively

957)


192)





522
883


443
554





205
908


188
452

































































Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business
 classified as current.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Amount of excess of issue price over par or stated value of stock and from other transaction involving stock or stockholder. Includes
 but is not limited to
 additional paid-in capital (APIC) for common and preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences with jurisdictional netting.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))



























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.






















































































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount classified as liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt
 classified as current. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.






















































































Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount
 after accumulated depreciation and amortization
 of property
 plant
 and equipment and finance lease right-of-use asset.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
























































The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued
 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020









Accounts receivable
 allowance for doubtful accounts (in dollars)

314





Preferred stock
 par value (USD per share)






Preferred stock
 shares authorized (in shares)

000
000


000
000



Preferred stock
 shares issued (in shares)






Preferred stock
 shares outstanding (in shares)






Common stock
 par value (USD per share)






Common stock
 shares authorized (in shares)

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued (in shares)

507
000


123
000



Common stock
 shares
 outstanding (in shares)

069
000


885
000



Treasury stock
 shares (in shares)

438
000


238
000







Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable
 classified as current.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.






















































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands



Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019













970
302


053
903


104
606





478
687


588
133


706
109





615


770


497



Selling
 general and administrative expenses

077


376


000





931


638


134





899


789


107



Former Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
 net





156







962)


460)



Accounting review and remediation costs
 net of insurance proceeds





334














920


493


719





380


042


493)



Interest and other financing expense
 net

654


258


517



Other (income) expense
 net

067)


956







793


828


004)





093


205


232)





591


989







109


634


427)



Net income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of tax

255


041)


887)





364


407)


314)













































































235


618


076





322


937


076







Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan Expense
 Net




























Interest and Other Expenses
 Net




























Property Plant And Equipment
 Removal Of Machinery Expense




























The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))

















































































































The net amount (to the extent disclosed within this portion of the income statement) by which an insurance settlement exceeds incremental costs incurred from the event causing an interruption of business
 plus the insurance award for earnings lost from the event
 such as a natural catastrophe
 explosion or fire.


























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)





















































































Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations before deduction of income tax expense (benefit) and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest
 and addition of income (loss) from equity method investments.






















































































Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation attributable to the parent. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Per basic share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.




























Per diluted share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.


















































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























A fee charged for services from professionals such as doctors
 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))



























Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
























































Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019













364


407)


314)














581


847)


180)





073


120









007)







751)


627)







511


639


097)




































































581


847)


180)





073


120
















753)


865)







381


612


112)





745


795)


426)







Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Cash Flow Hedge
 Deferred Gain (Loss)
 before Reclassification
 after Tax




























Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Cash Flow Hedge
 Deferred Gain (Loss)
 before Reclassification and Tax




























Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Cash Flow Hedge
 Deferred Gain (Loss)
 before Reclassification
 Tax




























Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Net Investment Hedge
 Reclassification
 before Tax




























Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net Investment Hedge
 Reclassification
 Net of Tax




























Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
 Net Investment Hedge
 Reclassification
 Tax




























Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount after tax
 before reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.




























Amount before tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.




























Amount of tax expense (benefit)
 before reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.




























Amount before tax
 after reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).










































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands

Cumulative Effect
 Period of Adoption
 Adjustment






 Period of Adoption







 Period of Adoption




Beginning balance (in shares) at Jun. 30
 2018





422








470







Beginning balance at Jun. 30
 2018

737
049




084


148
196


516




507)


240)





Beginning balance (ASU 2016-01) at Jun. 30
 2018




















Beginning balance (ASU 2014-09) at Jun. 30
 2018











































314)








314)













112)














112)






































































532)












532)









065






065













Ending balance (in shares) at Jun. 30
 2019





833








614







Ending balance at Jun. 30
 2019

519
319




088


158
257


017




039)


004)





Ending balance (ASU 2016-02) at Jun. 30
 2019
































































407)








407)













612














612






































































931)












931)





















551









222)












222)









622






622













Ending balance (in shares) at Jun. 30
 2020

123




123








238







Ending balance at Jun. 30
 2020

443
554




092


171
875


171




192)


392)





Ending balance (ASU 2016-13) at Jun. 30
 2020
































































364








364













381














381






































































282)












282)





















080









483)












483)









659






659













Ending balance (in shares) at Jun. 30
 2021

507




507








438







Ending balance at Jun. 30
 2021

522
883




096


187
530


225




957)


011)
































































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.

























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.






















































































Number
 after forfeiture
 of shares or units issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes shares or units issued under employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).




























Value
 after forfeiture
 of shares issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).






















































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.





















































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018













Common stock
 par value (USD per share)




















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019













364


407)


314)



Net income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of tax

255


041)


887)





109


634


427)














569


088


898





884


160


706)





591


989





Stock-based compensation
 net

659


078


900














920


493


719





900)









604)


564





Other non-cash items
 net





727



(Decrease) increase in cash attributable to changes in operating assets and liabilities
 net of amounts applicable to acquisitions/divestitures:










890)


856


658





522)


236


550





172


337)


215)







986


635





362)


569)


527)





759


914


333












Purchases of property
 plant and equipment

553)


893)


792)





395







Proceeds from sale of businesses
 net

794


765


145





364)


128)


647)














000


000


000





000)


669)


791)







250)


000)







645


643



Repayments of other debt
 net

094)


040)


166)





067)


221)







282)


931)


532)





443)


466)


846)





148




522)
















748)


936







592


605







816)


770)
















509)


809)





100


755)


491)





771


526


017





871


771


526









509)





871


771


017




































Net Cash Provided By (Used in) Discontinued Operations
 Including Exchange Rate Effect





















































































Amount of cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage. Excludes amount for disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including
 but not limited to
 disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash
 cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities of discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities of discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of operating activities of discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.

























































The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.




























Amount of increase (decrease) from effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; held in foreign currencies. Excludes amounts for disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of increase (decrease) from effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; held in foreign currencies; attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of gain (loss) from sale and disposal of integrated set of activities and assets capable of being conducted and managed for purpose of providing return in form of dividend
 lower cost
 or other economic benefit to investor
 owner
 member and participant.




























Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.






















































































Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation attributable to the parent. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.



















































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.





















































































Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 and assets classified as other.




















































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount of income (expense) included in net income that results in no cash inflow (outflow)
 classified as other.






















































































Amount of cash outflow from the acquisition of or improvements to long-lived
 physical assets used to produce goods and services and not intended for resale
 classified as other.




























The cash inflow associated with the amount received from the sale of a portion of the company's business
 for example a segment
 division
 branch or other business
 during the period.




























The cash inflow from a contractual arrangement with the lender
 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with maturities due beyond one year or the operating cycle
 if longer.




























The cash inflow from the sale of property
 plant and equipment (capital expenditures)
 software
 and other intangible assets.




























The cash outflow for the settlement of obligation drawn from a contractual arrangement with the lender
 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with maturities due beyond one year or the operating cycle
 if longer.
































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]





The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 was founded in 1993 and is headquartered in Lake Success
 New York. The Company&#8217;s mission has continued to evolve since its founding
 with health and wellness being the core tenet. The Company continues to be a leading marketer
 manufacturer and seller of organic and natural
 &#8220;better-for-you&#8221; products by anticipating and exceeding consumer expectations in providing quality
 innovation
 value and convenience. The Company is committed to growing sustainably while continuing to implement environmentally sound business practices and manufacturing processes. Hain Celestial sells its products through specialty and natural food distributors
 supermarkets
natural food stores
 mass-market and e-commerce retailers
 food service channels and club
The Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  Investments in affiliated companies in which the Company exercises significant influence
 but which it does not control
 are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. As such
Unless otherwise indicated
 references in these consolidated financial statements to 2021
 2020 and 2019 or &#8220;fiscal&#8221; 2021
 2020 and 2019 or other years refer to our fiscal year ended June 30 of that respective year and references to 2022 or &#8220;fiscal&#8221; 2022 refer to our fiscal year ending June 30
The financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (&#8220;U.S. GAAP&#8221;). The accounting principles we use require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and amounts of income and expenses during the reporting periods presented. These estimates include
 among others
 revenue recognition
 trade promotions and sales incentives
 valuation of accounts and chargeback receivables
 valuation of long-lived assets
 goodwill and intangible assets
 stock-based compensation
 and valuation allowances for deferred tax assets. We believe in the quality and reasonableness of our critical accounting estimates; however
 materially different amounts may be reported under different conditions or using assumptions different from those that we have consistently applied.







The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business
 major products or services
 principal markets including location
 and the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination
 including but not limited to
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings. For an entity that has not commenced principal operations
 disclosures about the risks and uncertainties related to the activities in which the entity is currently engaged and an understanding of what those activities are being directed toward.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021







The Company considers cash and cash equivalents to include cash in banks
The Company sells its products through specialty and natural food distributors
 supermarkets
 natural foods stores
 mass-market and e-commerce retailers
 food service channels and club
Our customer contracts typically contain standard terms and conditions. In instances where formal written contracts are not in place we consider the customer purchase orders to be contracts based on the criteria outlined in Accounting Standard Codification (&#8220;ASC 606&#8221;)
.  Payment terms and conditions vary by customer and are based on the billing schedule established in our contracts or purchase orders with customers
 but we generally provide credit terms to customers ranging from 15-60 days; therefore
Sales includes shipping and handling charges billed to the customer and are reported net of discounts
 trade promotions and sales incentives
 consumer coupon programs and other costs
 including estimated allowances for returns
 allowances and discounts associated with aged or potentially unsalable product
In addition to fixed contract consideration
 many of our contracts include some form of variable consideration.  We offer various trade promotions and sales incentive programs to customers and consumers
 such as price discounts
 slotting fees
 in-store display incentives
 cooperative advertising programs
 new product introduction fees and coupons. The expenses associated with these programs are accounted for as reductions to the transaction price of our products and are therefore deducted from our net sales to determine reported net sales.  Trade promotions and sales incentive accruals are subject to significant management estimates and assumptions. The critical assumptions used in estimating the accruals for trade promotions and sales incentives include management&#8217;s estimate of expected levels of performance and redemption rates. Management exercises judgment in developing these assumptions. These assumptions are based upon historical performance of the retailer or distributor customers with similar types of promotions adjusted for current trends. The Company regularly reviews and revises
 when deemed necessary
As our contracts are generally shorter than one year
 the Company has elected a practical expedient under ASC 606 that allows the Company to expense as incurred the incremental costs of obtaining a contract if the contract period is for one year or less.  These costs are included in the selling
The Company routinely performs credit evaluations on existing and new customers and maintains an allowance for expected uncollectible accounts receivable which is recorded as an offset to trade accounts receivable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Effective July 1
 2020
 collectability of accounts receivable is assessed by applying a historical loss-rate methodology in accordance with ASC Topic 326
 
 adjusted as necessary based on the Company's review of accounts receivable on an individual basis
 specifically identifying customers with known disputes or collectability issues
 and experience with trade receivable aging categories. The Company also considers market conditions and current and expected future economic conditions to inform adjustments to historical loss data. Changes to the allowance
 if any
bt provisions in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Credit losses have been within the Company&#8217;s expectations in recent years.  While one of the Company&#8217;s customers represented approximately 9% and&#160;13% of trade receivables balances as of&#160;June&#160;30
 2021&#160;and&#160;2020
 respectively
Based on cash collection history and other statistical analysis
Sales to one customer and its affiliates approximated 11%
 12% and 11% of sales during the fiscal years ended&#160;June&#160;30
 2021
&#160;2020&#160;and&#160;2019
 respectively. Sales to a second customer and its affiliates approximated 8%
&#160;9%&#160;and&#160;10%&#160;of sales during the fiscal years ended&#160;June&#160;30
 2021
&#160;2020 and&#160;2019
In addition
 cash and cash equivalents are maintained with several financial institutions. Deposits held with banks may exceed the amount of insurance provided on such deposits. Generally
Inventory is valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value
 utilizing the first-in
Property
Property
 plant and equipment is carried at cost and depreciated or amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives or lease term (for leasehold improvements)
 whichever is shorter.  The Company believes the useful lives assigned to our property
 plant and equipment are within ranges generally used in consumer products manufacturing and distribution businesses.  The Company&#8217;s manufacturing plants and distribution centers
 and their related assets
 are reviewed when impairment indicators are present by analyzing underlying cash flow projections.  The Company believes no impairment of the carrying value of such assets exists other than as disclosed under Note 7
Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net
and Note 5
Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the respective initial lease term or the estimated useful life of the assets
Goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized but rather are tested at least annually for impairment
Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit is an operating segment or a component of an operating segment. Goodwill is tested for impairment by either performing a qualitative evaluation or a quantitative test. The qualitative evaluation is an assessment of factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 including goodwill. We may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment for some or all reporting units and perform a quantitative impairment test. The impairment test for goodwill requires the Company to compare the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value
 including goodwill. The Company uses a blended analysis of a discounted cash flow model and a market valuation approach to determine the fair values of its reporting units. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 the Company would then compare the carrying value of the goodwill to its implied fair value in order to determine the amount of the impairment
Indefinite-lived intangible assets
 which are not amortized
 consist primarily of acquired trademarks and tradenames. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are evaluated on an annual basis in conjunction with the Company&#8217;s evaluation of goodwill
 or on an interim basis if and when events or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of any of its indefinite-life intangible assets below their carrying value. In assessing fair value
 the Company utilizes a &#8220;relief from royalty&#8221; methodology. This approach involves two steps: (i) estimating the royalty rates for each trademark and (ii) applying these royalty rates to a projected net sales stream and discounting the resulting cash flows to determine fair value. If the carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets exceeds the fair value of the asset
This method includes significant management assumptions such as revenue growth rates
See Note 9
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
The Company accounts for transfers of financial assets
 such as non-recourse accounts receivable factoring arrangements
 when the Company has surrendered control over the related assets. Determining whether control has transferred requires an evaluation of relevant legal considerations
The Company transferred accounts receivables in their entirety to the buyer and satisfied all of the conditions to report the transfer of financial assets in their entirety as a sale. The principal amount of receivables sold under this arrangement was $96
788 during the year ended June&#160;30
 2021
 $108
928 during the year ended June&#160;30
 2020 and no amounts were sold in the year ended June&#160;30
factoring receivables under this arrangement is included in Interest and other financing expense
Included in cost of sales are the cost of products sold
 including the costs of raw materials and labor and overhead required to produce the products
 warehousing
 distribution
 supply chain costs
Gains and losses arising from intercompany foreign currency transactions that are not of a long-term nature and certain transactions of the Company&#8217;s subsidiaries which are denominated in currencies other than the subsidiaries&#8217; functional currency are recognized as incurred in Other (income) expense
Selling
Included in Selling
 general and administrative expenses are advertising costs
 promotion costs not paid directly to the Company&#8217;s customers
 salary and related benefit costs of the Company&#8217;s employees in the finance
 human resources
 information technology
 legal
 sales and marketing functions
 facility related costs of the Company&#8217;s administrative functions
 research and development costs
Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.  Research and development costs amounted to $10
372 in fiscal 2021
 $11
653 in fiscal 2020 and $11
120 in fiscal 2019
Advertising costs
 which are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses
 amounted to $20
706 in fiscal 2021
 $19
455 in fiscal 2020 and $23
In July of 2019
 the Company received $7
027 as partial payment from an insurance claim relating to business disruption costs associated with a co-packer
 $4
that fiscal year. The Company recorded an additional $2
567 in the first quarter of fiscal 2020 and received an additional $462 of proceeds in the third quarter of fiscal 2020. In fiscal 2021
The Company follows the liability method of accounting for income taxes.  Under the liability method
The Company recognizes liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process prescribed by the authoritative guidance. The first step requires the Company to determine if the weight of available evidence indicates that the tax position has met the threshold for recognition; therefore
 the Company must evaluate whether it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit
 including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes.  The second step requires the Company to measure the tax benefit of the tax position taken
 or expected to be taken
 in an income tax return as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement.  The Company reevaluates the uncertain tax positions each period based on factors including
 but not limited to
 changes in facts or circumstances
 changes in tax law
 effectively settled issues under audit
 and new audit activity.  Depending on the jurisdiction
The fair value of financial instruments is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties.  At June 30
 2021 and 2020
 the Company had $0 and $7
 respectively
 invested in money market funds
 which are classified as cash equivalents.  At June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020
 the carrying values of financial instruments such as accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses and other current liabilities
 as well as borrowings under our credit facility and other borrowings
Issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;)
 ASC 815
 (&#8220;ASC 815&#8221;)
 provides the disclosure requirements for derivatives and hedging activities with the intent to provide users of financial statements with an enhanced understanding of: (a) how and why an entity uses derivative instruments
 (b) how the entity accounts for derivative instruments and related hedged items and (c) how derivative instruments and related hedged items affect an entity&#8217;s financial position
 financial performance and cash flows. Further
 qualitative disclosures are required that explain the Company&#8217;s objectives and strategies for using derivatives
 as well as quantitative disclosures about the fair value of and gains and losses on derivative instruments
As required by ASC 815
 the Company records all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value.  The accounting for changes in the fair value of derivatives depends on the intended use of the derivative
 whether the Company has elected to designate a derivative in a hedging relationship and apply hedge accounting and whether the hedging relationship has satisfied the criteria necessary to apply hedge accounting. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset
 liability or firm commitment attributable to a particular risk
 such as interest rate risk
 are considered fair value hedges. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows
 or other types of forecasted transactions
 are considered cash flow hedges. Derivatives may also be designated as hedges of the foreign currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation. Hedge accounting generally provides for the matching of the timing of gain or loss recognition on the hedging instrument with the recognition of the changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk in a fair value hedge or the earnings effect of the hedged forecasted transactions in a cash flow hedge. The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivative instruments that qualify for cash flow hedge and net investment hedge accounting treatment are recognized in stockholders&#8217; equity as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive loss until the hedged item is recognized in earnings.  Changes in the fair value of fair value hedges
 derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment
 as well as the ineffective portion of any cash flow hedges
 are recognized currently in earnings as a component of other (income) expense
 net or interest and other financing expense
 net in the accompanying financial statements.  The Company may enter into derivative contracts that are intended to economically hedge certain of its risks
The Company uses the fair market value of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the grant date to measure fair value for service-based and performance-based awards
 and a Monte Carlo simulation model to determine the fair value of market-based awards. The fair value of stock-based compensation awards is recognized as an expense over the vesting period using the straight-line method.  For awards that contain a market condition
 expense is recognized over the defined or derived service period using a Monte Carlo simulation model.  Compensation expense is recognized for these awards on a straight-line basis over the service period
 regardless of the eventual number of shares that are earned based upon the market condition
For restricted stock awards which include performance criteria
The Company periodically evaluates the carrying value of long-lived assets
 other than goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives
 held and used in the business when events and circumstances occur indicating that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable.  An impairment test is performed when the estimated undiscounted cash flows associated with the asset or group of assets is less than their carrying value.  Once such impairment test is performed
 a loss is recognized based on the amount
 if any
See Note 7
Property
 Plant and Equipment
Net
 and Note 5
Dispositions
Effective July 1
 2019
 arrangements containing leases are evaluated as an operating or finance lease at lease inception. For operating leases
With the exception of certain finance leases
 an implicit rate of return is not readily determinable for the Company's leases. For these leases
Operating lease assets are presented as operating lease ROU assets
 and corresponding operating lease liabilities are presented within accrued expenses and other current liabilities (current portions)
 and as operating lease liabilities
 noncurrent portion
 on the Company&#8217;s Consolidated Balance Sheet. Finance lease assets are included in property
 plant and equipment
 net
 and corresponding finance lease liabilities are included within current portion of long-term debt and long-term debt
 less current portion
In June 2016
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-13
 
 which requires measurement and recognition of expected versus incurred credit losses for most financial assets. The ASU applies to trade and other receivables recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company adopted the standard on July 1
 2020 using the modified retrospective transition method
 recognizing an adjustment to beginning retained earnings of $310 reflecting the cumulative impact of adoption. The adoption did not materially impact the Company's results of operations or financial position
 and as a result
In January 2017
 the FASB issued ASU 2017-04
 
 which removes the second step of the goodwill impairment test that requires a hypothetical purchase price allocation. A goodwill impairment will now be the amount by which a reporting unit&#8217;s carrying value exceeds its fair value
 not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. This guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2019. The Company adopted ASU 2017-04 on July 1
 2020
In August 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-13
 
 which modifies the disclosure requirements for fair value measurement by removing
 modifying or adding certain disclosures. The new guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2019
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted ASU 2018-13 on July 1
 2020
In August 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-15
 

 which aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. The amended guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2019
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted ASU 2018-15 on July 1
 2020
In December 2019
 the FASB issued ASU 2019-12
 
 which simplifies various aspects related to accounting for income taxes and eliminates certain exceptions related to the approach for intraperiod tax allocation
 the methodology for calculating taxes during the quarters and the recognition of deferred tax liabilities for outside basis differences. The new guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2021
In March 2020
 the FASB issued ASU 2020-04
 
 which provides temporary optional expedients and exceptions for applying generally accepted accounting principles to contracts
 hedging relationships and other transactions affected by reference rate reform. ASU 2020-04 is currently effective and upon adoption may be applied prospectively to contract modifications made on or before December 31
 2022. In January 2021
 the FASB issued ASU 2021-01
 
 which clarifies certain provisions in Topic 848
 if elected by an entity
 to apply to derivative instruments that use an interest rate for margining
 discounting
In October 2020
 the FASB issued ASU 2020-10
. This ASU improves consistency by amending the codification to include all disclosure guidance in the appropriate disclosure sections and clarifies application of various provisions in the codification by amending and adding new headings
 cross referencing to other guidance
 and refining or correcting terminology. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2020. The Company is currently assessing the impact that this standard will have on its consolidated financial statements.



































The entire disclosure for the basis of presentation and significant accounting policies concepts. Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).  Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021







On June 24
 2018
 the Company entered into a CEO succession plan
 whereby the Company&#8217;s former CEO
 Irwin D. Simon
 agreed to terminate his employment with the Company upon the hiring of a new CEO (the &#8220;Succession Agreement&#8221;). The Succession Agreement provided Mr. Simon with a cash separation payment of $34
295 payable in a single lump sum and cash benefits continuation costs of $208. These costs were recognized from June 24
 2018 through November 4
 2018
 at which time the Company&#8217;s new CEO
 Mark L. Schiller
 commenced his employment. Expense recognized in connection with these payments was $33
051 during the twelve months ended June 30
 2019. The cash separation payment was paid on May 6
 2019. Additionally
 the Succession Agreement allowed for acceleration of vesting of all service-based awards outstanding at the termination of Mr. Simon&#8217;s employment. In connection with these accelerations
 the Company recognized additional stock-based compensation expense of $429 ratably through November 4
 2018. The aforementioned impacts were recorded in Former Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
During the three months ended September 30
 2018
rdingly
 the Company recorded a benefit of $5
065 associated with the reversal of previously accrued amounts under the net sales portion of the 2016-2018 LTIP associated with Mr. Simon&#8217;s stock awards during the twelve months ended June 30
On October 26
 2018
 the Company and Mr. Simon entered into a consulting agreement (the &#8220;Consulting Agreement&#8221;) in order to
 among other things
 assist Mr. Schiller with his transition as the Company&#8217;s incoming CEO. The term of the Consulting Agreement commenced on November 5
 2018 and continued until February 5
 2019. Mr. Simon received an aggregate consulting fee of $975 as compensation for his services during the consulting term
 which was fully recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Operations as a component of Former Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
 net in the twelve months ended June 30
 2019.



































The entire disclosure for compensation costs
 including compensated absences accruals
 compensated absences liability
 deferred compensation arrangements and income statement compensation items.  Deferred compensation arrangements may include a description of an arrangement with an individual employee
 which is generally an employment contract between the entity and a selected officer or key employee containing a promise by the employer to pay certain amounts at designated future dates
 usually including a period after retirement
 upon compliance with stipulated requirements. This type of arrangement is distinguished from broader based employee benefit plans as it is usually tailored to the employee. Disclosure also typically includes the amount of related compensation expense recognized during the reporting period
 the number of shares (units) issued during the period under such arrangements
 and the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of the related liability.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021







Fiscal Year Ended June 30
66
25
(53
&#160;&#160;&#160;Net income (loss) from discontinued operations
11
(106
(129
77
(80
(183
100
103
104
&#160;&#160;&#160;Effect of dilutive stock options
1
101
103
104
Basic net income (loss) per share excludes the dilutive effects of stock options
Due to our net loss from continuing operations in the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2019
Diluted earnings per share for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020 includes the dilutive effects of common stock equivalents such as stock options and unvested restricted stock awards.    
 428 and 769 restricted stock awards and stock options excluded from our calculation of diluted net income (loss) per share for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2021
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 as such awards were anti-dilutive.  Additionally
 there were 
 2
645 and 3
625 stock-based awards excluded for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2021
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 as such awards were contingently issuable based on market or performance conditions
 and such conditions had not been achieved during the respective periods.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021







On June 28
 2021
 the Company completed the divestiture of its crispbread crackers business
 (&#8220;GG&#8221;) for total cash consideration of $336. The sale of GG is consistent with the Company&#8217;s ongoing transformation and portfolio simplification process. GG operated in Norway and was part of the Company&#8217;s International reportable segment. At closing
June 28
1
Property
 plant and equipment
Other intangible assets
2
4
1
1
The Company deconsolidated the net assets of GG during the twelve months ended June&#160;30
 2021
 recognizing a pre-tax loss on sale of $3
On April 15
 2021
 the Company completed the divestiture of its North America non-dairy beverages business
 brands
 for total cash consideration of $33
000
 subject to customary post-closing adjustments. The final purchase price was $31
320. The non-dairy beverage business was considered to be non-core within our broader North American business
 and the sale aligns with the Company&#8217;s portfolio simplification process. The business operated out of the United States and Canada and was part of the Company&#8217;s North America reportable segment. At closing
April 15
6
8
Other intangible assets
7
23
The Company deconsolidated the net assets of the North American non-dairy beverage business during the twelve months ended June&#160;30
 2021
 recognizing a pre-tax gain on sale of $7
In August 2020
 the Company's Board of Directors approved a plan to sell its prepared fresh fruit
 fresh fruit drinks and fresh fruit desserts division (Fruit)
Foods Limited business and associated brands. This decision supported the Company's overall strategy as the Fruit business did not align
 and had limited synergies
 with the rest of the Company's businesses. The sale was completed on January 13
 2021 for total cash consideration of $38
nd was included in the Company's International reportable segment
 comprising 3.8% and 8.0% of the Company's net sales during the twelve months ended June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020
et and classified the assets and liabilities of the Fruit business as held for sale as of September 30 and December 31
 2020
 recognizing a pre-tax non-cash loss to reduce the carrying value to its estimated fair value
 less costs to sell of $56
093 during the six months ended December 31
At the closing date
January 13
13
Accounts receivable
14
5
2
Property
 plant and equipment
25
14
Other intangible assets
36
5
(58
58
14
4
5
7
1
32
The Company deconsolidated the net assets of the Fruit business during the twelve months ended June&#160;30
 2021
 recognizing a pre-tax loss on sale of $1
The Company entered into a definitive stock purchase agreement on June 30
 2020 for the sale of its Danival business
 a component of the International reportable segment
 and the transaction closed on July 21
 2020. As of June 30
 2020
 the Company determined the held for sale criteria was met
 resulting in assets held for sale of $8
334 and related liabilities held for sale of $3
567 being included in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheet as of June 30
 2020. These assets and liabilities were previously presented within Prepaid and other current assets and Accrued expenses and other liabilities
 respectively
 in the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30
 2020 and have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation. The Company deconsolidated the net assets of the Danival business upon the closing of the sale during the twelve months ended June&#160;30
 2021
Additionally
 the Company recognized a pre-tax gain of $131 relating to a previous disposition during the twelve months ended June&#160;30
On August 27
 2019
 the Company sold the entities comprising its Tilda operating segment (the &#8220;Tilda Group Entities&#8221;) and certain other assets of the Tilda business to Ebro Foods S.A. (the &#8220;Purchaser&#8221;) for an aggregate price of $342
000 in cash
 subject to customary post-closing adjustments based on the balance sheets of the Tilda business. The other assets sold in the transaction consisted of raw materials
 consumables
 packaging
 and finished and unfinished goods related to the Tilda business held by other Company entities that are not Tilda Group Entities. In January 2020
 the Company and the Purchaser agreed to fully resolve all matters relating to post-closing adjustments to the sale price
 resulting in a final aggregate sale price of $341
The Company also entered into certain ancillary agreements with the Purchaser and certain of the Tilda Group Entities in connection with the sale
 including a transitional services agreement (the TSA) pursuant to which the Company and the Purchaser provided transitional services to one another
 and business transfer agreements pursuant to which the applicable Tilda Group Entities would transfer certain non-Tilda assets and liabilities in India and the United Arab Emirates to subsidiaries of the Company to be formed in those countries. Additionally
 the Company distributed certain Tilda products in the United States
The following table presents the major classes of Tilda&#8217;s results within Net income (loss) from discontinued operations
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
30
197
26
151
3
46
Selling
5
26
1
2
2
13
95
(9
(90
4
(11
12
Net income (loss) from discontinued operations
11
(103
3
(2) At the completion of the sale of Tilda
 the Company reclassified $95
cumulated other comprehensive loss to discontinued operations
(3) Includes $11
320 of tax benefit related to the legal entity reorganization for the twelve months ended June&#160;30
 2021
 as well as a tax provision related to the tax gain on the sale of Tilda of $13
960 for the twelve months ended June 30
There were no assets or liabilities from discontinued operations associated with Tilda  as of June&#160;30
 2021 and June&#160;30
In March 2018
 the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors approved a plan to sell all of the operations of the Hain Pure Protein Corporation (&#8220;HPPC&#8221;) operating segment
 which included the Plainville Farms and FreeBird businesses
 and the EK Holdings
 Inc. (&#8220;Empire Kosher&#8221; or &#8220;Empire&#8221;) operating segment
 which were reported in the aggregate as the Hain Pure Protein reportable segment.  Collectively
The Company recorded a reserve of $109
252 in fiscal year 2019
 to adjust the carrying value of Hain Pure Protein and Empire Kosher to its fair value
 less its cost to sell
 which is reflected in net (loss) income from discontinued operations
 net of taxes. The reserve was recorded due to negative market conditions in the sector
On February 15
 2019
 the Company completed the sale of substantially all of the assets used primarily for Plainville (a component of HPPC)
 which included $25
000 in cash to the purchaser
 for a nominal purchase price. In addition
 the purchaser assumed the current liabilities of Plainville as of the closing date. As a condition to consummating the sale
 the Company entered into a Contingent Funding and Earnout Agreement
 which provides for the issuance by the Company of an irrevocable stand-by letter of credit (the &#8220;Letter of Credit&#8221;) of $10
000 which was drawn down by the buyer immediately. The Company is entitled to receive an earnout not to exceed
 in the aggregate
 120% of the maximum amount that the purchaser draws on the Letter of Credit at any point from the date of issuance through the expiration of the Letter of Credit. Earnout payments are based on a specified percentage of annual free cash flow achieved for all fiscal years ending on or prior to June 30
 2026. If a subsequent change in control of Plainville occurs prior to June 30
 2026
he purchaser. At June&#160;30
 2021
n
 the Company recognized a pre-tax loss on sale of $40
223
 or $29
685 net of tax
 in the twelve months ended June&#160;30
 2019 to write down the assets and liabilities to the final sales price less costs to sell
On June 28
 2019
 the Company completed the sale of the remainder of HPPC and EK Holdings
and Empire Kosher businesses. The purchase price
 net of customary adjustments based on the closing balance sheet of HPPC
 was $77
714. The Company used the proceeds from the sale to pay down outstanding borrowings under its term loan. As a result of the disposition
 the Company recognized a pre-tax loss of $636 in the twelve months ended June&#160;30
The following table presents the major classes of Hain Pure Protein&#8217;s line items constituting the Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
408
409
(1
109
Selling
16
9
3
40
(3
(176
(43
Net loss from discontinued operations
(2
(133
There were no assets or liabilities from discontinued operations associated with Hain Pure Protein as of June&#160;30
 2021 or 2020.



































The entire disclosure related to a disposal group. Includes
 but is not limited to
 a discontinued operation
 disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021

Inventory
 Net [Abstract]





June 30
June 30
187
158
Raw materials
97
90
285
248
In the twelve months ended June&#160;30
 2021 and June&#160;30
 2020
 the Company recorded inventory (reversal) write-downs of $(421)&#160;and $4
175
 respectively
 primarily related to the discontinuance of slow moving SKUs as part of product rationalization initiatives.







The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET


Jun. 30
 2021

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET

 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Property
 plant and equipment
June 30
June 30
13
13
58
74
306
288
65
60
23
20
54
40
21
16
543
514
230
225
312
289
Depreciation expense for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2021
 2020 and 2019 was $34
291
 $31
409 and $28
922
During fiscal year 2021
 the Company recorded $1
333 of non-cash impairment charge related to the write-down of building improvements. Additionally
 during fiscal year 2021
 the Company completed the sale of its manufacturing facility in Moonachie
 NJ in the United States which resulted in a gain in the amount of $4
900. In connection with the sale
 property
 plant and equipment
 net in the amount of $5
502 was written off. In addition to the aforementioned
 a non-cash impairment charge of $244 was recorded related to a facility in the United Kingdom which was held for sale as of June&#160;30
 2021; the remaining property
 plant and equipment
 net of $1
874 have been classified as held for sale on the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June&#160;30
During fiscal 2020
 the Company recorded $12
313 of non-cash impairment charges primarily related to a write-down of building improvements
 machinery and equipment in the United States and Europe used to manufacture certain slow moving or low margin SKUs
During fiscal 2019
 the Company determined that it was more likely than not that certain fixed assets of two of its manufacturing facilities would be sold or otherwise disposed of before the end of their estimated useful lives due to the Company&#8217;s decision to consolidate manufacturing of certain fruit-based and soup products in the United Kingdom. As such
 the Company recorded a $6
166 non-cash impairment charge related to the closures of these facilities. Additionally
 the Company recorded non-cash impairment charges of $9
653 to write down the value of certain machinery and equipment no longer in use in the United States and United Kingdom
 some of which was used to manufacture certain slow moving SKUs that were discontinued.



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 work of art
 historical treasure
 and similar asset classified as collections.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021







The Company leases office space
 warehouse and distribution facilities
Certain of the Company&#8217;s leases contain variable lease payments
 which are expensed as incurred unless those payments are based on an index or rate. Variable lease payments based on an index or rate are initially measured using the index or rate in effect at lease commencement and included in the measurement of the lease liability; thereafter
 changes to lease payments due to rate or index changes are recorded as variable lease expense in the period incurred. The Company does not have any related party leases
The components of lease expenses for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
June 30
June 30
16
18
1
1
2
2
1
20
24
 For the fiscal year ended June 30
 2020
 operating lease expenses and finance lease expenses included $1
505 and $251
 respectively
 of ROU asset impairment charges associated with the Company&#8217;s ongoing productivity and transformation initiatives. Of this amount
June 30
June 30
92
88
Finance lease ROU assets
Property
 plant and equipment
92
88
10
12
Operating lease liabilities
85
82
Long-term debt
97
95
June 30
June 30
16
17
25
104
1
 ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations includes the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-02 effective July 1
 2019 (see Note 2) and leases which commenced
 were modified or terminated during the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
Maturities of lease liabilities as of June&#160;30
13
13
14
14
12
12
11
11
10
10
52
52
115
116
18
19
96
97
Maturities of lease liabilities as of June&#160;30
14
15
13
14
12
12
10
10
9
9
51
51
113
114
18
18
95
95
924&#160;




The Company leases office space
 warehouse and distribution facilities
Certain of the Company&#8217;s leases contain variable lease payments
 which are expensed as incurred unless those payments are based on an index or rate. Variable lease payments based on an index or rate are initially measured using the index or rate in effect at lease commencement and included in the measurement of the lease liability; thereafter
 changes to lease payments due to rate or index changes are recorded as variable lease expense in the period incurred. The Company does not have any related party leases
The components of lease expenses for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
June 30
June 30
16
18
1
1
2
2
1
20
24
 For the fiscal year ended June 30
 2020
 operating lease expenses and finance lease expenses included $1
505 and $251
 respectively
 of ROU asset impairment charges associated with the Company&#8217;s ongoing productivity and transformation initiatives. Of this amount
June 30
June 30
92
88
Finance lease ROU assets
Property
 plant and equipment
92
88
10
12
Operating lease liabilities
85
82
Long-term debt
97
95
June 30
June 30
16
17
25
104
1
 ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations includes the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-02 effective July 1
 2019 (see Note 2) and leases which commenced
 were modified or terminated during the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
Maturities of lease liabilities as of June&#160;30
13
13
14
14
12
12
11
11
10
10
52
52
115
116
18
19
96
97
Maturities of lease liabilities as of June&#160;30
14
15
13
14
12
12
10
10
9
9
51
51
113
114
18
18
95
95
924&#160;



































The entire disclosure for finance leases of lessee. Includes
 but is not limited to
 description of lessee's finance lease and maturity analysis of finance lease liability.




























The entire disclosure for operating leases of lessee. Includes
 but is not limited to
 description of operating lease and maturity analysis of operating lease liability.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021







Balance as of June 30
612
263
875
(5
(5
Translation and other adjustments
(1
(6
(8
Balance as of June&#160;30
606
255
861
(8
(14
(22
Translation and other adjustments
3
28
31
Balance as of June 30
600
270
871
The Company completed its annual goodwill impairment analysis in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021
 in conjunction with its budgeting and forecasting process for fiscal year 2022
During January 2021
 the Company completed the divestiture of its Fruit business
$14
During April 2021
 the Company completed the divestiture of its Dream business
$8
On October 7
 2019
 the Company completed the divestiture of its Arrowhead and SunSpire businesses
 components of the United States reporting unit
 for a purchase price of $13
347 following post-closing adjustments
 recognizing a loss on sale of $2
037 during the fiscal year ended June 30
 2020. Goodwill of $4
During March 2020
 the Company completed the divestiture of its Europe's Best and Casbah businesses
During May 2020
 the Company completed the divestiture of its Rudi&#8217;s business
During June 2020
 in anticipation of the Company&#8217;s divestiture of its Danival business
 a component of the Europe reporting unit
Interim impairment analyses were performed on the applicable reporting units both before and after the sale of the respective businesses
Beginning in the three months ended September 30
 2019
 operations of Tilda were classified as discontinued operations as discussed in Note 5
. Therefore
 goodwill associated with Tilda is presented within Noncurrent assets of discontinued operations in the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of June&#160;30
The following table sets forth balance sheet information for intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
June 30
June 30
273
278
146
184
(105
(116
314
346
(1) The gross carrying value of trademarks and trade names is reflected net of $93
273 of accumulated impairment charges as of both June&#160;30
 2021 and June&#160;30
During fiscal 2020
 in association with the sale or discontinuation of certain businesses and brands
 the Company determined that certain of its indefinite-lived tradenames were impaired due to the carrying value of the tradenames exceeding their fair values
 and therefore an impairment charge of $13
994 was recognized ($8
462 in the North America reportable segment and $5
In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021
 the Company completed the divestiture of its Dream and GG businesses. Other intangible assets totaling $7
833 and $729
 consisting primarily of trademarks
 were assigned to the divested businesses
Amortizable intangible assets
 which are deemed to have a finite life
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
8
11
13
Fiscal Year Ending June 30
8
7
5
3
3
405&#160;













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021







June 30
June 30
Payroll
71
74
Facility
15
11
9
10
10
12
10
14
117
124
045&#160;













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021







June 30
June 30
230
280
1
2
231
282
1
Long-term debt
230
281
Included in other borrowings are $555 of finance lease obligations as discussed in Note 8
Included in short-term borrowings are $229 of short term finance lease obligations as discussed in Note 8
On February 6
 2018
 the Company entered into the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the &#8220;Credit Agreement&#8221;). The Credit Agreement provides for a&#160;$1
000
000&#160;revolving credit facility through February 6
 2023 and provides for a&#160;$300
000&#160;term loan. Under the Credit Agreement
 the revolving credit facility may be increased by an additional uncommitted&#160;$400
000
Borrowings under the Credit Agreement may be used to provide working capital
 finance capital expenditures and permitted acquisitions
 refinance certain existing indebtedness and for other lawful corporate purposes. The Credit Agreement provides for multicurrency borrowings in Euros
 British Pounds Sterling and Canadian Dollars as well as other currencies which may be designated. In addition
 certain wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries of the Company may be designated as co-borrowers. The Credit Agreement contains restrictive covenants
 which are usual and customary for facilities of its type
 and include
 with specified exceptions
 limitations on the Company&#8217;s ability to engage in certain business activities
 incur debt
 have liens
 make capital expenditures
 pay dividends or make other distributions
 enter into affiliate transactions
 consolidate
 merge or acquire or dispose of assets
 and make certain investments
 acquisitions and loans. The Credit Agreement also requires the Company to satisfy certain financial covenants. Obligations under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by certain existing and future domestic subsidiaries of the Company. As of June&#160;30
 2021
 there were $230
000 of borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit facility and $6
394 letters of credit outstanding under the Credit Agreement. During fiscal 2020
 the Company used the proceeds from the sale of Tilda
 net of transaction costs
 to prepay the entire principal amount of term loan outstanding under its credit facility and to partially pay down its revolving credit facility. In connection with the prepayment
 the Company wrote off unamortized deferred debt issuance costs of $973
 recorded in interest and other financing expense
On May 8
 2019
 the Company entered into the Third Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the &#8220;Amended Credit Agreement&#8221;)
 whereby
 among other things
 its allowable consolidated leverage ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) and interest coverage ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement) were adjusted. The Company&#8217;s allowable consolidated leverage ratio was no more than 3.75 to 1.0 on September 30
 2020 and thereafter. Additionally
 the Company&#8217;s required consolidated interest coverage ratio was no less than 3.75 to 1 through March 31
The Amended Credit Agreement also required that the Company and the subsidiary guarantors enter into a Security and Pledge Agreement pursuant to which all of the obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement are secured by liens on assets of the Company and its material domestic subsidiaries
 including stock of each of their direct subsidiaries and intellectual property
s of June&#160;30
 2021
 $763
was available under the Amended Credit Agreement
 and the Company was in compliance with all associated covenants
The Amended Credit Agreement provides that loans will bear interest at rates based on (a) the Eurocurrency Rate
 as defined in the Credit Agreement
 plus a rate ranging from 0.88% to 2.50% per annum; or (b) the Base Rate
 as defined in the Credit Agreement
 plus a rate ranging from 0% to 1.50% per annum
 the relevant rate being the Applicable Rate. The Applicable Rate will be determined in accordance with a leverage-based pricing grid
 as set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement. Swing Line loans and Global Swing Line loans denominated in U.S. dollars will bear interest at the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate
 and Global Swing Line loans denominated in foreign currencies shall bear interest based on the overnight Eurocurrency Rate for loans denominated in such currency plus the Applicable Rate. The weighted average interest rate on outstanding borrowings under the Amended Credit Agreement at June&#160;30
 2021 was 1.09%. Additionally
 the Amended Credit Agreement contains a Commitment Fee
 as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement
 on the amount unused under the Amended Credit Agreement ranging from 0.20% to 0.45% per annum
Maturities of all debt instruments at&#160;June&#160;30
 2021
230
231
Interest paid during the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2021
$5
903
$15
$20
396
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021







Fiscal Year Ended June 30
60
(29
(120
48
63
64
108
33
(56
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
2
(44
3
1
27
14
16
31
(29
20
14
33
(21
(10
3
1
5
(3
9
36
(23
41
6
(3
For the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2021
 the Company received net tax refunds of $32
998 including a $53
817 tax loss carryback claim under the Coronavirus Aid
 Relief
 and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act) which allowed for
 among other provisions
 a five-year carryback of net operating losses (&#8220;NOLs&#8221;) for 2018-2020 offset by taxes paid in other jurisdictions.  Cash paid for income taxes
 net of (refunds)
 during the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2020 and 2019 amounted to $16
162 and $22
535
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
22
7
(11
State income taxes
1
(8
4
13
(5
4
8
1
7
1
1
6
7
3
(1
(25
1
5
(3
41
6
(3
(a) The Company estimates that it will utilize certain of its state tax loss carryovers in the year ended June 30
 2021.  This positive evidence
 in addition to other positive evidence
 resulted in the Company releasing the valuation allowance on its state deferred assets of $9
774. Further
 there was a release of a valuation allowance of $1
600 related to Danival; an increase in the valuation allowance of $5
(b) On July 22
 2020
 the U.K. enacted into law a tax rate increase from 17% to 19%. On June 10
 2021
 the U.K. enacted an increase in the corporate income tax rate to 25% effective April 1
(c) On December 22
 2017
 the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act) included a provision to tax previously untaxed foreign earnings (&#8220;transition tax&#8221;). During fiscal year 2019
 the Company recorded $6
(d) The Company carried back NOLs generated in the June 30
 2019 tax year for five years
 resulting in an income tax benefit of $18
949. The $18
949 income tax benefit represents the federal rate differential between 35% and 21%. In addition
 there was an indirect tax benefit of $6
719 related to discontinued operations due to the CARES Act. Accordingly
 the gross benefit recorded under the CARES Act in fiscal 2020 was $25
668 prior to the reserve under ASC 740-10. In fiscal 2021
 the Company received the full refund with interest
 with the net adjustment resulting in a benefit of $1
With the effective date of January 1
 2018
 For the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020
The Company elected to account for GILTI tax as a current period cost but did not record an expense during the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
June 30
June 30
6
6
15
21
(70
(76
(11
(2
2
1
43
34
1
1
(1
(1
14
14
(12
(12
7
4
(37
(41
Noncurrent deferred tax liabilities
(42
(51
(1) Includes $154 and $62 of non-current deferred tax assets included within Other Assets on the June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020 Consolidated Balance Sheets
At June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020
 the Company had U.S. federal NOL carryforwards of approximately $59
$19
141
 respectively
 $15
$12
 at June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020
 respectively
The Company historically considered the undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested and as a result has not provided for taxes on such earnings. To achieve its cash management objectives
 during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020
 the Company reversed its reinvestment assertion on $93
359 of foreign earnings and recorded a deferred tax liability of $1
212. For the year ended June 30
 2021
 the Company represents that $116
895 of foreign earnings are not permanently reinvested with a corresponding deferred tax liability of $1
172. The Company continues to reinvest $732
As required by the authoritative guidance on accounting for income taxes
 the Company evaluates the realizability of deferred tax assets on a jurisdictional basis at each reporting date. Accounting for income taxes requires that a valuation allowance be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. In circumstances where there is sufficient negative evidence indicating that the deferred tax assets are not more likely than not realizable
he Company has recorded valuation allowances in the amounts of $37
453 and $41
941 at June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020
. During fiscal 2019
 the Company recorded a partial valuation allowance against state deferred tax assets and state net operating loss carryforwards as it is not more likely than not that the state tax attributes will be realized. As mentioned above
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
41
34
5
7
(11
1
37
41
Unrecognized tax benefits activity
 including interest and penalties
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
20
11
6
3
8
5
(1
22
20
11
As of June&#160;30
 2021
$22
of unrecognized tax benefits
 of which $19
058 represents an amount that
 if recognized
 would impact the effective tax rate in future periods.  As of June&#160;30
 2020
$20
 of unrecognized tax benefits
$17
 represents the amount that
 if recognized
 would impact the effective tax rate in future periods. As of June&#160;30
 2019
ompany had $11
869 of unrecognized tax benefits of which $8
ere $2
nd $2
166 at June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020
The Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction
 various U.S. state jurisdictions and several foreign jurisdictions. With few exceptions
 the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal
 state and local
 or non-U.S. income tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to fiscal 2014. However
 to the extent we generated NOLs or tax credits in closed tax years
. Given the uncertainty regarding when tax authorities will complete their examinations and the possible outcomes of their examinations
currently ongoing
 the Company does not believe the ultimate outcome of such audits will have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021







The Company is authorized to issue &#8220;blank check&#8221; preferred stock of up to 5
000 shares with such designations
 rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors.  Accordingly
 the Board of Directors is empowered to issue
 without stockholder approval
 preferred stock with dividends
 liquidation
 conversion
 voting or other rights which could decrease the amount of earnings and assets available for distribution to holders of the Company&#8217;s common stock.  At June 30
 2021 and 2020
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
85
(37
16
95
(1
1
(3
(2
98
53
and a loss of $898 for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
and 2020
Foreign currency translation gains or losses of foreign subsidiaries related to divested businesses are reclassified into income once the liquidation of the respective foreign subsidiaries is substantially complete. At the completion of the sales of Danival
 Fruit and GG UniqueFiber
 the Company reclassified $16
073 of translations from AOCL to the Company's results of operations. At the completion of the sale of Tilda
 the Company reclassified $95
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
Interest and other financing expense
Other expense (income)
(1
Amounts reclassified into income for deferred losses on net investment hedging instruments are recognized in &#8220;Interest and other financing expense
 net&#8221; in the Consolidation Statements of Operations and were $498 and $98 for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
and 2020
On June 21
 2017
 the Company's Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $250
outstanding common stock.  Repurchases may be made from time to time in the open market
 pursuant to pre-set trading plans
 in private transactions or otherwise. The authorization does not have a stated expiration date. The extent to which the Company repurchases its shares and the timing of such repurchases will depend upon market conditions and other corporate considerations. During the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2021
the Company repurchased 3
080 shares under the repurchase program for a total of $107
421
 excluding commissions
 at an average price of $34.87 per share. Of that amount
 $1
June&#160;30
As of June&#160;30
 2021
 the Company had $82
408 of remaining authorization under the share repurchase program. During the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2020
 the Company repurchased 2
551 shares under the repurchase program for a total of $60
171
 excluding commissions
In August 2021
 the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved an additional $300
000 share repurchase authorization. Share repurchases under the 2021 authorization will commence after the 2017 authorization is fully utilized
 at the Company&#8217;s discretion.



































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021







The Company has one stockholder approved plan
 the Amended and Restated 2002 Long-Term Incentive and Stock Award Plan (the &#8220;2002 Plan&#8221;)
 under which the Company&#8217;s officers
 senior management
 other key employees
 consultants and directors may be granted equity-based awards. The Company also grants equity awards under its 2019 Equity Inducement Award Program (the &#8220;2019 Inducement Program&#8221;) to induce selected individuals to become employees of the Company. The 2002 Plan and 2019 Inducement Program are collectively referred to as the &#8220;Stock Award Plans&#8221;. In conjunction with the Stock Award Plans
There were 237
 990 and 2
106 shares underlying restricted stock awards (&#8220;RSAs&#8221;) or restricted share units (&#8220;RSUs&#8221;) granted under the Stock Award Plans during fiscal years 2021
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 of which 51
 554 and 1
610
 respectively
 were granted under the LTI Program and are subject to the achievement of minimum performance goals or market conditions
 with the remaining being service-based awards. For performance awards and market awards
 the foregoing share figures are stated at target levels
 and the awards generally provide for vesting at zero to 300% of the target level. There were no options granted under the Stock Award Plans during fiscal years 2021
 2020 and 2019. At June&#160;30
 2021
 there were 5
330 and 1
886 shares available for grant under the 2002 Plan and 2019 Inducement Program
Awards of restricted stock are either RSAs or RSUs that are issued at no cost to the recipient. RSA holders have all rights of a stockholder at the grant date
 subject to certain restrictions on transferability and a risk of forfeiture. Shares underlying RSUs are not issued until vesting. Both award types are subject to continued employment and vesting conditions in accordance with provisions set forth in the applicable award agreements. The Company also grants market-based RSUs that vest contingent on meeting specific Total Shareholder Return (&#8220;TSR&#8221;) targets over a specified time period
A summary of the restricted stock activity (includes all RSAs
2
2
1
2
(1
1
2
2
At June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020
 the table above includes a total of 1
382 and 1
384 shares (including the inducement grant of 350 shares made to the Company&#8217;s CEO)
 respectively
 that represent the target number of shares that may be earned under non-vested performance equity awards that are eligible to vest at 300% of target. Vested shares during the year ended June 30
A summary of the fair value of restricted stock (includes all RSAs
 RSUs and PSUs) granted and vested
 and the tax benefit recognized from restricted stock vesting
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
8
17
29
15
6
11
1
3
At June&#160;30
 2021
 $10
The participants of the LTI Program include certain of the Company&#8217;s executive officers and other key executives. The LTI Program is administered by the Compensation Committee which is responsible for
 among other items
 selecting the specific performance measures for awards
 setting the target performance required to receive an award after the completion of the performance period
 and determining the specific payout to the participants. Any stock-based awards issued under the LTI Program are generally issued pursuant to and are subject to the terms and conditions of the 2002 Plan and 2019 Inducement Program
 - Vesting is pursuant to the achievement of&#160;pre-established&#160;three-year&#160;compound annual TSR targets over the period from November 6
 2018 to November 6
ant (discussed below)
 with total shares eligible to vest ranging from zero to 300% of the target award amount. Certain shares are subject to a holding period of one year after the vesting date
 resulting in an illiquidity discount being applied to the grant date fair value for such shares. There were 51
 554 and 912 PSUs granted during fiscal years 2021
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
Fiscal Year ended June 30
esting is pursuant to a defined calculation of relative TSR over the period from January 24
 2019 to June 30
 2020
 of the grant. There were 45 PSUs granted during fiscal year 2019 with a grant date fair value of $18.32 per unit. No such awards were granted during fiscal 2020 or 2018. In the first quarter of fiscal 2021
On November 6
 2018
 the Company&#8217;s CEO
 Mark L. Schiller received a market-based PSU award with a target payout of 350 shares of common stock and a maximum payout of 1
050 shares of common stock. The award will vest pursuant to the achievement of&#160;pre-established&#160;three-year&#160;compound annual TSR levels over the period from November 6
 2018 to November 6
 2021. No PSUs will vest if the three-year compound annual TSR is below 15%. These PSUs are subject to a holding period of one year after the vesting date. As such
The total grant date fair value of the award was&#160;$7
571. Total compensation cost related to this award recognized in the fiscal year ended June 30
 2021
 2020
 and was $2
519
 $2
526 and $1
636
 respectively. This PSU award was granted outside of the Stock Award Plans. Separately
From time to time
 to two years based upon the achievement of certain market and/or performance-based metrics being met. As of June 30
 2021 and 2020
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
Selling
15
13
9
Former Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
15
13
10
1
1
1
cal years 2021
 2020 or 2019
 and there were no stock options exercised during these periods. There were 122 options outstanding at each of June 30
 2021
 2020 and 2019
 relating to a grant under a prior Celestial Seasonings plan. Although no further awards can be granted under the prior Celestial Seasonings plan
For options outstanding and exercisable at June&#160;30
 2021
 the aggregate intrinsic value (the difference between the closing stock price on the last day of trading in the year and the exercise price) was $4
650
 and the weighted average remaining contractual life was 10.0 years. The weighted average exercise price of these options was $2.26. At June&#160;30
 2021
 there was no unrecognized compensation expense related to stock option awards.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021







On October 27
 2015
 the Company acquired a minority equity interest in Chop&#8217;t Creative Salad Company LLC
 predecessor to Founders Table Restaurant Group
 LLC (&#8220;Founders Table&#8221;). Founders Table owns and operates the fast-casual restaurant chains Chopt Creative Salad Co. and Dos Toros Taqueria. The investment is being accounted for as an equity method investment due to the Company&#8217;s representation on the Board of Directors of Founders Table. At June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020
 the carrying value of the Company&#8217;s investment in Founders Table was $10
699 and $12
793
 respectively
The Company also holds the following investments: (a) Hutchison Hain Organic Holdings Limited (&#8220;HHO&#8221;) with Hutchison China Meditech Ltd.
 a joint venture accounted for under the equity method of accounting
 (b) Hain Future Natural Products Private Ltd. (&#8220;HFN&#8221;) with Future Consumer Ltd
 a joint venture accounted for under the fair value method of accounting and (c) Yeo Hiap Seng Limited (&#8220;YHS&#8221;)
 a less than 1% equity ownership interest carried at fair value in which the Company recognizes in net income any changes in fair value. The carrying value of these combined investments was $6
218 and $4
646 as of June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020
 respectively
 and is included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as a component of Investments and joint ventures.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021







Level 1 &#8211; Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical
Level 2 &#8211; Quoted prices in markets that are not active
 or inputs which are observable
 either directly or indirectly
Level 3 &#8211; Prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable (i.e.
The following table presents by level within the fair value hierarchy
 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of June&#160;30
1
11
11
11
11
The following table presents by level within the fair value hierarchy
 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of June&#160;30
1
1
1
1
6
6
6
6
The equity investment consists of the Company&#8217;s less than 1% investment in Yeo Hiap Seng Limited
 a food and beverage manufacturer and distributor based in Singapore. Fair value is measured using the market approach based on quoted prices.&#160; The Company utilizes the income approach to measure fair value for its foreign currency forward contracts.&#160; The income approach uses pricing models that rely on market observable inputs such as yield curves
There were no transfers of financial instruments between the three levels of fair value hierarchy during the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 net
 accounts payable and certain accrued expenses and other current liabilities approximate fair value due to the short-term maturities of these financial instruments.  The Company&#8217;s debt approximates fair value due to the debt bearing fluctuating market interest rates (See Note 11
The Company uses interest rate swaps to manage its interest rate risk and cross-currency swaps and foreign currency exchange contracts to manage its exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. The valuation of these instruments is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques
 including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives
 including the period to maturity
 and uses observable market-based inputs
In accordance with the provisions of ASC 820
 
 we incorporate credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both the Company&#8217;s nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty&#8217;s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements. In adjusting the fair value of the Company&#8217;s derivative contracts for the effect of nonperformance risk
 the Company has considered the impact of netting and any applicable credit enhancements
 such as collateral postings
 thresholds
Although the Company has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy
 the credit valuation adjustments associated with its derivatives utilize Level 3 inputs
 such as estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the likelihood of default by the Company and its counterparties.  The Company has determined that the significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments made to its derivative contracts
 which determination was based on the fair value of each individual contract
 was not significant to the overall valuation. As a result
 all of the derivatives held as of June&#160;30
The fair value estimates presented in the fair value hierarchy tables above are based on information available to management as of June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020.  These estimates are not necessarily indicative of the amounts we could ultimately realize.



































The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined)
 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021







The Company is exposed to certain risk arising from both its business operations and economic conditions.  The Company principally manages its exposures to a wide variety of business and operational risks through management of its core business activities. The Company manages economic risks
 including interest rate
 liquidity
 and credit risk primarily by managing the amount
 sources
 and duration of its assets and liabilities and the use of derivative financial instruments.  Specifically
 the Company enters into derivative financial instruments to manage exposures that arise from business activities that result in the receipt or payment of future known and uncertain cash amounts
 the value of which are determined by interest rates.  The Company&#8217;s derivative financial instruments are used to manage differences in the amount
 timing
Certain of the Company&#8217;s foreign operations expose the Company to fluctuations of foreign exchange rates.  These fluctuations may impact the value of the Company&#8217;s cash receipts and payments in terms of the Company&#8217;s functional currency.  The Company enters into derivative financial instruments to protect the value or fix the amount of certain assets and liabilities in terms of its functional currency
Accordingly
The Company&#8217;s objectives in using interest rate derivatives are to add stability to interest expense and to manage its exposure to interest rate movements. To accomplish this objective
 the Company primarily uses interest rate swaps as part of its interest rate risk management strategy.  Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt of variable amounts from a counterparty in exchange for the Company making fixed-rate payments over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount.  During fiscal 2021 and 2020
For derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk
During fiscal 2022
As of June&#160;30
 2021
$230
The Company is exposed to fluctuations in various foreign currencies against its functional currency
 the U.S. Dollar. The Company uses foreign currency derivatives including cross-currency swaps to manage its exposure to fluctuations in the USD-EUR exchange rates. Cross-currency swaps involve exchanging fixed-rate interest payments for fixed-rate interest receipts
For derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges of foreign exchange risk
 the gain or loss on the derivative is recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss and subsequently reclassified in the period(s) during which the hedged transaction affects earnings within the same income statement line item as the earnings effect of the hedged transaction. During fiscal 2022
As of June&#160;30
 2021
&#8364;24
$26
For derivatives designated as net investment hedges
As of June&#160;30
 2021
&#8364;76
$83
As of June&#160;30
 2021
The following table presents the fair value of the Company&#8217;s derivative financial instruments as well as their classification on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of June&#160;30
11
11
The following table presents the fair value of the Company&#8217;s derivative financial instruments as well as their classification on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of June&#160;30
5
6
1
6
The following table presents the pre-tax effect of cash flow hedge accounting on AOCL as of June&#160;30
 2021
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
Interest and other financing expense
(1
(1
Interest and other financing expense
 net / Other expense (income)
(1
(1
(1
(1
The following table presents the pre-tax effect of the Company&#8217;s derivative financial instruments electing cash flow hedge accounting on the Consolidated Statements of Operations as of June&#160;30
Fiscal Year Ended June&#160;30
Fiscal Year Ended June&#160;30
Interest and other financing expense
Other expense (income)
Interest and other financing expense
Other expense (income)
(1
The following table presents the pre-tax effect of the Company&#8217;s net investment hedges on Accumulated other comprehensive loss and the Consolidated Statements of Operations as of June&#160;30
 2021
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
(4
(3
Interest and other financing expense
The following table presents the effect of the Company&#8217;s derivative financial instruments that are not designated as hedging instruments on the Consolidated Statements Operations as of June&#160;30
 2021
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
Other expense (income)
The Company has agreements with each of its derivative counterparties that contain a provision providing that upon certain defaults by the Company on any of its indebtedness
 the Company could also be declared in default on its derivative obligations.



































The entire disclosure for derivative instruments and hedging activities including
 but not limited to
 risk management strategies
 non-hedging derivative instruments
 assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses
 and methodologies and assumptions used in determining the amounts.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021







As a part of the ongoing productivity and transformation initiatives and to expand profit margins and cash flow
The following table displays the termination benefits and personnel realignment activities and liability balances relating to the reduction in workforce for the year ended as of June&#160;30
Balance at June&#160;30
Charges
Balance at June&#160;30
11
5
(13
4
The liability balance as of June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020 is included within Accrued expenses and other current liabilities on the Company&#8217;s Consolidated Balance Sheets. Additional non-cash impairment charges related to the Company&#8217;s productivity and transformation initiatives have been incurred and are discussed within Note 7
Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net
 and Note 8
 



































The entire disclosure for restructuring and related activities. Description of restructuring activities such as exit and disposal activities
 include facts and circumstances leading to the plan
 the expected plan completion date
 the major types of costs associated with the plan activities
 total expected costs
 the accrual balance at the end of the period
 and the periods over which the remaining accrual will be settled.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021







At&#160;June&#160;30
 2021
 we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4) of Regulation S-K that have had
 or are likely to have
On August 17
 2016
 three securities class action complaints were filed in the Eastern District of New York against the Company alleging violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The three complaints are: (1) Flora v. The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
 et al. (the &#8220;Flora Complaint&#8221;); (2) Lynn v. The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
 et al. (the &#8220;Lynn Complaint&#8221;); and (3) Spadola v. The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
 et al. (the &#8220;Spadola Complaint&#8221; and
 together with the Flora and Lynn Complaints
 the &#8220;Securities Complaints&#8221;). On June 5
 2017
 the court issued an order for consolidation
 appointment of Co-Lead Plaintiffs and approval of selection of co-lead counsel. Pursuant to this order
In re The Hain Celestial Group
 (the &#8220;Consolidated Securities Action&#8221;)
 and Rosewood Funeral Home and Salamon Gimpel were appointed as Co-Lead Plaintiffs. On June 21
 2017
 the Company received notice that plaintiff Spadola voluntarily dismissed his claims without prejudice to his ability to participate in the Consolidated Securities Action as an absent class member. The Co-Lead Plaintiffs in the Consolidated Securities Action filed a Consolidated Amended Complaint on August 4
 2017 and a Corrected Consolidated Amended Complaint on September 7
 2017 on behalf of a purported class consisting of all persons who purchased or otherwise acquired Hain Celestial securities between November 5
 2013 and February 10
 2017 (the &#8220;Amended Complaint&#8221;). The Amended Complaint named as defendants the Company and certain of its former officers (collectively
 &#8220;Defendants&#8221;) and asserted violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 based on allegedly materially false or misleading statements and omissions in public statements
 press releases and SEC filings regarding the Company&#8217;s business
 prospects
 financial results and internal controls. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Amended Complaint on October 3
 2017 which the Court granted on March 29
 2019
 dismissing the case in its entirety
 without prejudice to replead. Co-Lead Plaintiffs filed a Second Amended Consolidated Class Action Complaint on May 6
 2019 (the &#8220;Second Amended Complaint&#8221;). The Second Amended Complaint again named as defendants the Company and certain of its former officers and asserts violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 based on allegations similar to those in the Amended Complaint
 including materially false or misleading statements and omissions in public statements
 press releases and SEC filings regarding the Company&#8217;s business
 prospects
 financial results and internal controls. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint on June 20
 2019. Co-Lead Plaintiffs filed an opposition on August 5
 2019
Defendants submitted a reply on September 3
 2019. On April 6
 2020
 the Court granted Defendants&#8217; motion to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint in its entirety
 with prejudice. Co-Lead Plaintiffs filed a notice of appeal on May 5
 2020 indicating their intent to appeal the Court&#8217;s decision dismissing the Second Amended Complaint to the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit. Co-Lead Plaintiffs filed their appellate brief on August 18
 2020. Defendants filed their opposition brief on November 17
 2020
 and Plaintiffs filed their reply brief on December 8
 2020. Accordingly
 Co-Lead Plaintiffs&#8217; appeal is fully briefed. Oral argument is scheduled for September 27
On April 19
 2017 and April 26
 2017
 two class action and stockholder derivative complaints were filed in the Eastern District of New York against the former Board of Directors and certain former officers of the Company under the captions Silva v. Simon
 et al. (the &#8220;Silva Complaint&#8221;) and Barnes v. Simon
 et al. (the &#8220;Barnes Complaint&#8221;)
 respectively. Both the Silva Complaint and the Barnes Complaint allege violation of securities law
 breach of fiduciary duty
On May 23
 2017
 an additional stockholder filed a complaint under seal in the Eastern District of New York against the former Board of Directors and certain former officers of the Company. The complaint alleged that the Company&#8217;s former directors and certain former officers made materially false and misleading statements in press releases and SEC filings regarding the Company&#8217;s business
 prospects and financial results. The complaint also alleged that the Company violated its by-laws and Delaware law by failing to hold its 2016 Annual Stockholders Meeting and includes claims for breach of fiduciary duty
 unjust enrichment and corporate waste. On August 9
 2017
On August 10
 2017
 the court granted the parties&#8217; stipulation to consolidate the Barnes Complaint
In re The Hain Celestial Group
 (the &#8220;Consolidated Stockholder Class and Derivative Action&#8221;) and to appoint Robbins Arroyo LLP and Scott+Scott as Co-Lead Counsel
 with the Law Offices of Thomas G. Amon as Liaison Counsel for Plaintiffs. On September 14
 2017
 a related complaint was filed under the caption Oliver v. Berke
 et al. (the &#8220;Oliver Complaint&#8221;)
 and on October 6
 2017
 the Oliver Complaint was consolidated with the Consolidated Stockholder Class and Derivative Action. The Plaintiffs filed their consolidated amended complaint under seal on October 26
 2017. On December 20
 2017
 the parties agreed to stay Defendants&#8217; time to answer
 move
 or otherwise respond to the consolidated amended complaint through and including 30 days after a decision was rendered on the motion to dismiss the Amended Complaint in the Consolidated Securities Action
On March 29
 2019
 the Court in the Consolidated Securities Action granted Defendants&#8217; motion
 dismissing the Amended Complaint in its entirety
 without prejudice to replead. Co-Lead Plaintiffs in the Consolidated Securities Action filed the Second Amended Complaint on May 6
 2019. The parties to the Consolidated Stockholder Class and Derivative Action agreed to continue the stay of Defendants&#8217; time to answer
 move
On April 6
 2020
 the Court granted Defendants&#8217; motion to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint in the Consolidated Securities Action
 with prejudice. Pursuant to the terms of the stay
 Defendants in the Consolidated Stockholder Class and Derivative Action had until May 6
 2020 to answer
 move
 or otherwise respond to the complaint in this matter. This deadline was extended
 and Defendants moved to dismiss the Consolidated Stockholder Class and Derivative Action Complaint on June 23
 2020
 with Plaintiffs&#8217; opposition due August 7
On July 24
 2020
 Plaintiffs made a stockholder litigation demand on the current Board containing overlapping factual allegations to those set forth in the Consolidated Stockholder Class and Derivative Action. On August 10
 2020
 the Court vacated the briefing schedule on Defendants&#8217; pending motion to dismiss in order to give the Board of Directors time to consider the demand. On each of September 8 and October 8
 2020
 the Court extended its stay of any applicable deadlines for 30 days to give the Board of Directors additional time to complete its evaluation of the demand. On November 3
 2020
 Plaintiffs were informed that the Board of Directors had finished investigating and resolved
 among other things
 that the demand should be rejected. On November 6
 2020
 Plaintiffs and Defendants notified the Court that Plaintiffs were evaluating the rejection of the demand
 sought certain additional information and were assessing next steps
 and requested that the Court extend the stay for an additional 30 days
 to on or around December 7
 2020. Since that time
 Plaintiffs and Defendants have filed a number of joint status reports
 The current stay ordered by the Court is set to expire on October 29
Since February 2021
 a large number of consumer class actions have been brought against the Company alleging that the Company&#8217;s Earth&#8217;s Best baby food products (the &#8220;Products&#8221;) contain unsafe and undisclosed levels of various naturally-occurring heavy metals
 namely lead
 arsenic
 cadmium and mercury. There are currently 29 active lawsuits
Lauren Smith
 et. al. v. Plum PBC
.) filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California also alleges civil RICO claims that the Company conspired with other baby food manufacturers to conceal the presence of these heavy metals in our respective products. These actions have been filed against all of the major baby food manufacturers in federal courts across the country. The U.S. Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation (&#8220;JPML&#8221;) declined a request to centralize all of the consumer class action lawsuits against all of the baby food manufacturers into a single multidistrict proceeding
 and the vast majority of cases against the Company have now been transferred and consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York
 
 Case No. 2:21-cv-678. One consumer class action is pending in the U.S. District Court for Northern District of California
 and another is pending in the New York Supreme Court
The claims raised in these lawsuits were brought in the wake of a highly publicized report issued by the U.S. House of Representatives Subcommittee on Economic and Consumer Policy on Oversight and Reform
 dated February 4
 2021 (the &#8220;House Report&#8221;)
 addressing the presence of heavy metals in baby foods made by certain manufacturers
 including the Company. Since the publishing of the House Report
 the Company has also received information requests with respect to the advertising and quality of its baby foods from certain governmental authorities
In addition to the consumer class actions discussed above
 the Company is currently named in four lawsuits in state and federal courts alleging some form of personal injury from the ingestion of the Company&#8217;s Products
In addition to the litigation described above
 the Company is and may be a defendant in lawsuits from time to time in the normal course of business. While the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty
 the Company believes the reasonably possible losses of such matters
 individually and in the aggregate
 are not material. Additionally
 the Company believes the probable final outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Company&#8217;s consolidated results of operations
 financial position
 cash flows or liquidity.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021







We have a 401(k) Employee Retirement Plan (the &#8220;Plan&#8221;) to provide retirement benefits for eligible employees.  All full-time employees of the Company and its wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries are eligible to participate upon completion of 30 days of service.  On an annual basis
 we may
 in our sole discretion
 make certain matching contributions.  For the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020
$3
 and $2
464
In addition
 while certain of our international subsidiaries maintain separate defined contribution plans for their employees
 the amounts are not significant to the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021








We use segment net sales and operating income to evaluate performance and to allocate resources. We believe these measures are most relevant in order to analyze segment results and trends. Segment operating income excludes certain general corporate expenses (which are a component of selling
 general and administrative expenses)
 impairment and acquisition related expenses
 restructuring
The Tilda operating segment was classified as discontinued operations as discussed in Note 5
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
1
104
1
171
1
195
866
882
908
1
970
2
053
2
104
129
95
32
38
55
58
167
151
91
(59
(95
(123
107
56
(32
One of our customers accounted for approximately 11%
 12%
 and 11% of our consolidated sales for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2021
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 which were primarily related to the United States
 Canada and United Kingdom operating segments. A second customer accounted for approximately
 8%
 9% and 10% of our consolidated sales for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2021
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
For the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2021
 Corporate and Other primarily included $10
576 related to Productivity and transformation costs and $49
For the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2020
 Corporate and Other included $32
664 related to Productivity and transformation costs and tradename impairment charges of $13
994 ($8
462 related to North America and $5
532 related to International)
 partially offset by a benefit of $2
For the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2019
 Corporate and Other included $30
156 of Former Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
 net
 $28
443 of Productivity and transformation costs and $4
334 of accounting review and remediation costs.  Corporate and Other for the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2019 also included tradename impairment charges of $17
900 ($15
113 related to North America and $2
787 related to International) and a $4
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
1
325
1
423
1
512
321
309
296
186
192
180
136
128
115
1
970
2
053
2
104
The Company&#8217;s net sales by geographic region
 which are generally based on the location of the Company&#8217;s subsidiary
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
954
1
016
1
052
607
650
704
408
387
347
1
970
2
053
2
104
The Company&#8217;s long-lived assets
 which primarily represent net property
 plant and equipment
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
148
131
142
144
112
101
404
377
421&#160;



































The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021







On April 15
 2021
 the Company completed the divestiture of its North America non-dairy beverages brands
 Dream
 for $31
SunOpta is also one of the Company&#8217;s suppliers
 for which the Company incurs expenses in the ordinary course of business. The Company incurred expenses of $13
050
 $19
551 and $21
633 in fiscal years 2021
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
A former member of our Board of Directors is a partner in a law firm which provides legal services to the Company. The Company incurred expenses of $2
295
 $4
242 and $2
592 in fiscal years 2021
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 to the law firm and affiliated entities. The director resigned from the Board of Directors in February 2020.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021







The Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries. Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  Investments in affiliated companies in which the Company exercises significant influence
 but which it does not control
 are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. As such
Unless otherwise indicated
 references in these consolidated financial statements to 2021
 2020 and 2019 or &#8220;fiscal&#8221; 2021
 2020 and 2019 or other years refer to our fiscal year ended June 30 of that respective year and references to 2022 or &#8220;fiscal&#8221; 2022 refer to our fiscal year ending June 30
 2022.










 among others
 revenue recognition
 trade promotions and sales incentives
 valuation of accounts and chargeback receivables
 valuation of long-lived assets
 goodwill and intangible assets
 stock-based compensation
 and valuation allowances for deferred tax assets. We believe in the quality and reasonableness of our critical accounting estimates; however
 materially different amounts may be reported under different conditions or using assumptions different from those that we have consistently applied.





 commercial paper and deposits with financial institutions that can be liquidated without prior notice or penalty.  The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents.




The Company sells its products through specialty and natural food distributors
 supermarkets
 natural foods stores
 mass-market and e-commerce retailers
 food service channels and club
Our customer contracts typically contain standard terms and conditions. In instances where formal written contracts are not in place we consider the customer purchase orders to be contracts based on the criteria outlined in Accounting Standard Codification (&#8220;ASC 606&#8221;)
.  Payment terms and conditions vary by customer and are based on the billing schedule established in our contracts or purchase orders with customers
 but we generally provide credit terms to customers ranging from 15-60 days; therefore
Sales includes shipping and handling charges billed to the customer and are reported net of discounts
 trade promotions and sales incentives
 consumer coupon programs and other costs
 including estimated allowances for returns
 allowances and discounts associated with aged or potentially unsalable product
In addition to fixed contract consideration
 many of our contracts include some form of variable consideration.  We offer various trade promotions and sales incentive programs to customers and consumers
 such as price discounts
 slotting fees
 in-store display incentives
 cooperative advertising programs
 new product introduction fees and coupons. The expenses associated with these programs are accounted for as reductions to the transaction price of our products and are therefore deducted from our net sales to determine reported net sales.  Trade promotions and sales incentive accruals are subject to significant management estimates and assumptions. The critical assumptions used in estimating the accruals for trade promotions and sales incentives include management&#8217;s estimate of expected levels of performance and redemption rates. Management exercises judgment in developing these assumptions. These assumptions are based upon historical performance of the retailer or distributor customers with similar types of promotions adjusted for current trends. The Company regularly reviews and revises
 when deemed necessary
As our contracts are generally shorter than one year
 the Company has elected a practical expedient under ASC 606 that allows the Company to expense as incurred the incremental costs of obtaining a contract if the contract period is for one year or less.  These costs are included in the selling
Cost of SalesIncluded in cost of sales are the cost of products sold
 including the costs of raw materials and labor and overhead required to produce the products
 warehousing
 distribution
 supply chain costs
 as well as costs associated with shipping and handling of our inventory.




The Company routinely performs credit evaluations on existing and new customers and maintains an allowance for expected uncollectible accounts receivable which is recorded as an offset to trade accounts receivable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Effective July 1
 2020
 collectability of accounts receivable is assessed by applying a historical loss-rate methodology in accordance with ASC Topic 326
 
 adjusted as necessary based on the Company's review of accounts receivable on an individual basis
 specifically identifying customers with known disputes or collectability issues
 and experience with trade receivable aging categories. The Company also considers market conditions and current and expected future economic conditions to inform adjustments to historical loss data. Changes to the allowance
 if any
bt provisions in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Credit losses have been within the Company&#8217;s expectations in recent years.  While one of the Company&#8217;s customers represented approximately 9% and&#160;13% of trade receivables balances as of&#160;June&#160;30
 2021&#160;and&#160;2020
 respectively
Based on cash collection history and other statistical analysis
 the Company estimates the amount of unauthorized deductions customers have taken that we expect will be collected and repaid in the near future and records a chargeback receivable. Differences between estimated collectible receivables and actual collections are recognized in earnings in the period such differences are determined.





 utilizing the first-in
 first-out method.  The Company provides write-downs for finished goods expected to become non-saleable due to age and specifically identifies and provides for slow moving or obsolete raw ingredients and packaging.



Property
 Plant and Equipment
Property
Property
 plant and equipment is carried at cost and depreciated or amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives or lease term (for leasehold improvements)
 whichever is shorter.  The Company believes the useful lives assigned to our property
 plant and equipment are within ranges generally used in consumer products manufacturing and distribution businesses.  The Company&#8217;s manufacturing plants and distribution centers
 and their related assets
 are reviewed when impairment indicators are present by analyzing underlying cash flow projections.  The Company believes no impairment of the carrying value of such assets exists other than as disclosed under Note 7
Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net
and Note 5
Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the respective initial lease term or the estimated useful life of the assets
 and generally range from 3 to 15 years.




Goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized but rather are tested at least annually for impairment
Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit is an operating segment or a component of an operating segment. Goodwill is tested for impairment by either performing a qualitative evaluation or a quantitative test. The qualitative evaluation is an assessment of factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 including goodwill. We may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment for some or all reporting units and perform a quantitative impairment test. The impairment test for goodwill requires the Company to compare the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value
 including goodwill. The Company uses a blended analysis of a discounted cash flow model and a market valuation approach to determine the fair values of its reporting units. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 the Company would then compare the carrying value of the goodwill to its implied fair value in order to determine the amount of the impairment
Indefinite-lived intangible assets
 which are not amortized
 consist primarily of acquired trademarks and tradenames. Indefinite-lived intangible assets are evaluated on an annual basis in conjunction with the Company&#8217;s evaluation of goodwill
 or on an interim basis if and when events or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of any of its indefinite-life intangible assets below their carrying value. In assessing fair value
 the Company utilizes a &#8220;relief from royalty&#8221; methodology. This approach involves two steps: (i) estimating the royalty rates for each trademark and (ii) applying these royalty rates to a projected net sales stream and discounting the resulting cash flows to determine fair value. If the carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets exceeds the fair value of the asset
This method includes significant management assumptions such as revenue growth rates
See Note 9
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
 




The Company accounts for transfers of financial assets
 such as non-recourse accounts receivable factoring arrangements
 when the Company has surrendered control over the related assets. Determining whether control has transferred requires an evaluation of relevant legal considerations
The Company transferred accounts receivables in their entirety to the buyer and satisfied all of the conditions to report the transfer of financial assets in their entirety as a sale. The principal amount of receivables sold under this arrangement was $96
788 during the year ended June&#160;30
 2021
 $108
928 during the year ended June&#160;30
 2020 and no amounts were sold in the year ended June&#160;30
factoring receivables under this arrangement is included in Interest and other financing expense
 net in the Company&#8217;s Consolidated Statements of Operations. The proceeds from the sale of receivables are included in cash from operating activities in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows.




Gains and losses arising from intercompany foreign currency transactions that are not of a long-term nature and certain transactions of the Company&#8217;s subsidiaries which are denominated in currencies other than the subsidiaries&#8217; functional currency are recognized as incurred in Other (income) expense
 net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.



Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses

 General and Administrative Expenses Included in Selling
 general and administrative expenses are advertising costs
 promotion costs not paid directly to the Company&#8217;s customers
 salary and related benefit costs of the Company&#8217;s employees in the finance
 human resources
 information technology
 legal
 sales and marketing functions
 facility related costs of the Company&#8217;s administrative functions
 research and development costs
 and costs paid to consultants and third party providers for related services.





 general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.  Research and development costs amounted to $10
372 in fiscal 2021
 $11
653 in fiscal 2020 and $11
120 in fiscal 2019
 consisting primarily of personnel related costs.  The Company&#8217;s research and development expenditures do not include the expenditures on such activities undertaken by co-packers and suppliers who develop numerous products on behalf of the Company and on their own initiative with the expectation that the Company will accept their new product ideas and market them under the Company&#8217;s brands.





 which are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses
 amounted to $20
706 in fiscal 2021
 $19
455 in fiscal 2020 and $23
099 in fiscal 2019.  Such costs are expensed as incurred.




The Company follows the liability method of accounting for income taxes.  Under the liability method
The Company recognizes liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process prescribed by the authoritative guidance. The first step requires the Company to determine if the weight of available evidence indicates that the tax position has met the threshold for recognition; therefore
 the Company must evaluate whether it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit
 including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes.  The second step requires the Company to measure the tax benefit of the tax position taken
 or expected to be taken
 in an income tax return as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement.  The Company reevaluates the uncertain tax positions each period based on factors including
 but not limited to
 changes in facts or circumstances
 changes in tax law
 effectively settled issues under audit
 and new audit activity.  Depending on the jurisdiction
 such a change in recognition or measurement may result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an additional charge to the tax provision in the period.  The Company records interest and penalties in the provision for income taxes.




The fair value of financial instruments is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties.  At June 30
 2021 and 2020
 the Company had $0 and $7
 respectively
 invested in money market funds
 which are classified as cash equivalents.  At June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020
 the carrying values of financial instruments such as accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses and other current liabilities
 as well as borrowings under our credit facility and other borrowings
Level 1 &#8211; Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical
Level 2 &#8211; Quoted prices in markets that are not active
 or inputs which are observable
 either directly or indirectly
Level 3 &#8211; Prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable (i.e.
 supported by little or no market activity).




Issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;)
 ASC 815
 (&#8220;ASC 815&#8221;)
 provides the disclosure requirements for derivatives and hedging activities with the intent to provide users of financial statements with an enhanced understanding of: (a) how and why an entity uses derivative instruments
 (b) how the entity accounts for derivative instruments and related hedged items and (c) how derivative instruments and related hedged items affect an entity&#8217;s financial position
 financial performance and cash flows. Further
 qualitative disclosures are required that explain the Company&#8217;s objectives and strategies for using derivatives
 as well as quantitative disclosures about the fair value of and gains and losses on derivative instruments
As required by ASC 815
 the Company records all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value.  The accounting for changes in the fair value of derivatives depends on the intended use of the derivative
 whether the Company has elected to designate a derivative in a hedging relationship and apply hedge accounting and whether the hedging relationship has satisfied the criteria necessary to apply hedge accounting. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset
 liability or firm commitment attributable to a particular risk
 such as interest rate risk
 are considered fair value hedges. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows
 or other types of forecasted transactions
 are considered cash flow hedges. Derivatives may also be designated as hedges of the foreign currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation. Hedge accounting generally provides for the matching of the timing of gain or loss recognition on the hedging instrument with the recognition of the changes in the fair value of the hedged asset or liability that are attributable to the hedged risk in a fair value hedge or the earnings effect of the hedged forecasted transactions in a cash flow hedge. The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivative instruments that qualify for cash flow hedge and net investment hedge accounting treatment are recognized in stockholders&#8217; equity as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive loss until the hedged item is recognized in earnings.  Changes in the fair value of fair value hedges
 derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment
 as well as the ineffective portion of any cash flow hedges
 are recognized currently in earnings as a component of other (income) expense
 net or interest and other financing expense
 net in the accompanying financial statements.  The Company may enter into derivative contracts that are intended to economically hedge certain of its risks
 even though hedge accounting does not apply or the Company elects not to apply hedge accounting.




The Company uses the fair market value of the Company&#8217;s common stock on the grant date to measure fair value for service-based and performance-based awards
 and a Monte Carlo simulation model to determine the fair value of market-based awards. The fair value of stock-based compensation awards is recognized as an expense over the vesting period using the straight-line method.  For awards that contain a market condition
 expense is recognized over the defined or derived service period using a Monte Carlo simulation model.  Compensation expense is recognized for these awards on a straight-line basis over the service period
 regardless of the eventual number of shares that are earned based upon the market condition
For restricted stock awards which include performance criteria
 compensation expense is recorded when the achievement of the performance criteria is probable and is recognized over the performance and vesting service periods.  Compensation expense is recognized for only that portion of stock-based awards that are expected to vest.





 other than goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives
 held and used in the business when events and circumstances occur indicating that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable.  An impairment test is performed when the estimated undiscounted cash flows associated with the asset or group of assets is less than their carrying value.  Once such impairment test is performed
 a loss is recognized based on the amount
 if any
 by which the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value for assets to be held and used.




Effective July 1
 2019
 arrangements containing leases are evaluated as an operating or finance lease at lease inception. For operating leases
With the exception of certain finance leases
 an implicit rate of return is not readily determinable for the Company's leases. For these leases
Operating lease assets are presented as operating lease ROU assets
 and corresponding operating lease liabilities are presented within accrued expenses and other current liabilities (current portions)
 and as operating lease liabilities
 noncurrent portion
 on the Company&#8217;s Consolidated Balance Sheet. Finance lease assets are included in property
 plant and equipment
 net
 and corresponding finance lease liabilities are included within current portion of long-term debt and long-term debt
 less current portion
 on the Company&#8217;s Consolidated Balance Sheet.









In June 2016
 the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-13
 
 which requires measurement and recognition of expected versus incurred credit losses for most financial assets. The ASU applies to trade and other receivables recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company adopted the standard on July 1
 2020 using the modified retrospective transition method
 recognizing an adjustment to beginning retained earnings of $310 reflecting the cumulative impact of adoption. The adoption did not materially impact the Company's results of operations or financial position
 and as a result
In January 2017
 the FASB issued ASU 2017-04
 
 which removes the second step of the goodwill impairment test that requires a hypothetical purchase price allocation. A goodwill impairment will now be the amount by which a reporting unit&#8217;s carrying value exceeds its fair value
 not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. This guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2019. The Company adopted ASU 2017-04 on July 1
 2020
In August 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-13
 
 which modifies the disclosure requirements for fair value measurement by removing
 modifying or adding certain disclosures. The new guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2019
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted ASU 2018-13 on July 1
 2020
In August 2018
 the FASB issued ASU 2018-15
 

 which aligns the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred in a hosting arrangement that is a service contract with the requirements for capitalizing implementation costs incurred to develop or obtain internal-use software. The amended guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2019
 and for interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company adopted ASU 2018-15 on July 1
 2020
In December 2019
 the FASB issued ASU 2019-12
 
 which simplifies various aspects related to accounting for income taxes and eliminates certain exceptions related to the approach for intraperiod tax allocation
 the methodology for calculating taxes during the quarters and the recognition of deferred tax liabilities for outside basis differences. The new guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2021
In March 2020
 the FASB issued ASU 2020-04
 
 which provides temporary optional expedients and exceptions for applying generally accepted accounting principles to contracts
 hedging relationships and other transactions affected by reference rate reform. ASU 2020-04 is currently effective and upon adoption may be applied prospectively to contract modifications made on or before December 31
 2022. In January 2021
 the FASB issued ASU 2021-01
 
 which clarifies certain provisions in Topic 848
 if elected by an entity
 to apply to derivative instruments that use an interest rate for margining
 discounting
In October 2020
 the FASB issued ASU 2020-10
. This ASU improves consistency by amending the codification to include all disclosure guidance in the appropriate disclosure sections and clarifies application of various provisions in the codification by amending and adding new headings
 cross referencing to other guidance
 and refining or correcting terminology. This ASU is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15
 2020. The Company is currently assessing the impact that this standard will have on its consolidated financial statements.
































































Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for discontinued operations. Includes
 but is not limited to
 method of interest allocation to a discontinued operation.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for (1) transactions denominated in a currency other than the reporting enterprise's functional currency
 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 work of art
 historical treasure
 and similar asset classified as collections.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for inclusion of significant items in the selling
 general and administrative (or similar) expense report caption.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 methodology and assumption used in measuring cost.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)



























Disclosure of accounting policy for transfers of financial assets
 including securitization transactions. The disclosure is generally expected to include how the entity determines whether a transaction is accounted for as a sale or financing
 and the initial and subsequent accounting for such a transaction. The disclosure also may address how interests that are obtained and sold
 or those that continue to be held
 in such transactions are measured and accounted for
 and the methodology and significant assumptions used to value such interests
 and the gains or losses resulting from the sale.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021






Summary of Property
 Plant
 and Equipment Useful Lives








Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Estimated Useful Lives





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021







Fiscal Year Ended June 30
66
25
(53
&#160;&#160;&#160;Net income (loss) from discontinued operations
11
(106
(129
77
(80
(183
100
103
104
&#160;&#160;&#160;Effect of dilutive stock options
1
101
103
104
076&#160;



































Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021






Schedule of Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations

June 28
1
Property
 plant and equipment
Other intangible assets
2
4
1
1
April 15
6
8
Other intangible assets
7
23
At the closing date
January 13
13
Accounts receivable
14
5
2
Property
 plant and equipment
25
14
Other intangible assets
36
5
(58
58
14
4
5
7
1
32
The following table presents the major classes of Tilda&#8217;s results within Net income (loss) from discontinued operations
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
30
197
26
151
3
46
Selling
5
26
1
2
2
13
95
(9
(90
4
(11
12
Net income (loss) from discontinued operations
11
(103
3
(2) At the completion of the sale of Tilda
 the Company reclassified $95
cumulated other comprehensive loss to discontinued operations
(3) Includes $11
320 of tax benefit related to the legal entity reorganization for the twelve months ended June&#160;30
 2021
 as well as a tax provision related to the tax gain on the sale of Tilda of $13
960 for the twelve months ended June 30
The following table presents the major classes of Hain Pure Protein&#8217;s line items constituting the Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
408
409
(1
109
Selling
16
9
3
40
(3
(176
(43
Net loss from discontinued operations
(2
(133
369)



































Tabular disclosure of information related to a disposal group. Includes
 but is not limited to
 a discontinued operation
 disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021

Inventory
 Net [Abstract]





June 30
June 30
187
158
Raw materials
97
90
285
248
170&#160;



































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET (Tables)


Jun. 30
 2021

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




Summary of Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
 Net
Property
 plant and equipment
June 30
June 30
13
13
58
74
306
288
65
60
23
20
54
40
21
16
543
514
230
225
312
289
256&#160;



































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021







The components of lease expenses for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
June 30
June 30
16
18
1
1
2
2
1
20
24
 For the fiscal year ended June 30
 2020
 operating lease expenses and finance lease expenses included $1
505 and $251
 respectively
 of ROU asset impairment charges associated with the Company&#8217;s ongoing productivity and transformation initiatives. Of this amount
June 30
June 30
16
17
25
104
1
 ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations includes the impact of the adoption of ASU 2016-02 effective July 1
 2019 (see Note 2) and leases which commenced
 were modified or terminated during the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2020.




June 30
June 30
92
88
Finance lease ROU assets
Property
 plant and equipment
92
88
10
12
Operating lease liabilities
85
82
Long-term debt
97
95
924&#160;




Maturities of lease liabilities as of June&#160;30
13
13
14
14
12
12
11
11
10
10
52
52
115
116
18
19
96
97
Maturities of lease liabilities as of June&#160;30
14
15
13
14
12
12
10
10
9
9
51
51
113
114
18
18
95
95
924&#160;




Maturities of lease liabilities as of June&#160;30
13
13
14
14
12
12
11
11
10
10
52
52
115
116
18
19
96
97
Maturities of lease liabilities as of June&#160;30
14
15
13
14
12
12
10
10
9
9
51
51
113
114
18
18
95
95
924&#160;







Assets And Liabilities
 Lessee [Table Text Block]




























Tabular disclosure of undiscounted cash flows of finance lease liability. Includes
 but is not limited to
 reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to finance lease liability recognized in statement of financial position.




























Tabular disclosure of lessee's lease cost. Includes
 but is not limited to
 interest expense for finance lease
 amortization of right-of-use asset for finance lease
 operating lease cost
 short-term lease cost
 variable lease cost and sublease income.
























































Tabular disclosure of undiscounted cash flows of lessee's operating lease liability. Includes
 but is not limited to
 reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating lease liability recognized in statement of financial position.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021







Balance as of June 30
612
263
875
(5
(5
Translation and other adjustments
(1
(6
(8
Balance as of June&#160;30
606
255
861
(8
(14
(22
Translation and other adjustments
3
28
31
Balance as of June 30
600
270
871
067&#160;




The following table sets forth balance sheet information for intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
June 30
June 30
273
278
146
184
(105
(116
314
346
(1) The gross carrying value of trademarks and trade names is reflected net of $93
273 of accumulated impairment charges as of both June&#160;30
 2021 and June&#160;30
 2020.




The following table sets forth balance sheet information for intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
June 30
June 30
273
278
146
184
(105
(116
314
346
(1) The gross carrying value of trademarks and trade names is reflected net of $93
273 of accumulated impairment charges as of both June&#160;30
 2021 and June&#160;30
 2020.




Fiscal Year Ended June 30
8
11
13
134&#160;




Fiscal Year Ending June 30
8
7
5
3
3
405&#160;







Tabular disclosure of amortization expense of assets
 excluding financial assets
 that lack physical substance
 having a limited useful life.
























































Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life
 by either major class or business segment.

























































Tabular disclosure of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and exist in perpetuity
 by either major class or business segment.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(d)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021







June 30
June 30
Payroll
71
74
Facility
15
11
9
10
10
12
10
14
117
124
045&#160;













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021







June 30
June 30
230
280
1
2
231
282
1
Long-term debt
230
281
Included in other borrowings are $555 of finance lease obligations as discussed in Note 8
Included in short-term borrowings are $229 of short term finance lease obligations as discussed in Note 8
 Leases.




Maturities of all debt instruments at&#160;June&#160;30
 2021
230
231
022&#160;



































Tabular disclosure of long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including identification
 terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity
 if longer.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021







Fiscal Year Ended June 30
60
(29
(120
48
63
64
108
33
(56
004)




Fiscal Year Ended June 30
2
(44
3
1
27
14
16
31
(29
20
14
33
(21
(10
3
1
5
(3
9
36
(23
41
6
(3
232)




Fiscal Year Ended June 30
22
7
(11
State income taxes
1
(8
4
13
(5
4
8
1
7
1
1
6
7
3
(1
(25
1
5
(3
41
6
(3
(a) The Company estimates that it will utilize certain of its state tax loss carryovers in the year ended June 30
 2021.  This positive evidence
 in addition to other positive evidence
 resulted in the Company releasing the valuation allowance on its state deferred assets of $9
774. Further
 there was a release of a valuation allowance of $1
600 related to Danival; an increase in the valuation allowance of $5
(b) On July 22
 2020
 the U.K. enacted into law a tax rate increase from 17% to 19%. On June 10
 2021
 the U.K. enacted an increase in the corporate income tax rate to 25% effective April 1
(c) On December 22
 2017
 the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act) included a provision to tax previously untaxed foreign earnings (&#8220;transition tax&#8221;). During fiscal year 2019
 the Company recorded $6
(d) The Company carried back NOLs generated in the June 30
 2019 tax year for five years
 resulting in an income tax benefit of $18
949. The $18
949 income tax benefit represents the federal rate differential between 35% and 21%. In addition
 there was an indirect tax benefit of $6
719 related to discontinued operations due to the CARES Act. Accordingly
 the gross benefit recorded under the CARES Act in fiscal 2020 was $25
668 prior to the reserve under ASC 740-10. In fiscal 2021
 the Company received the full refund with interest
 with the net adjustment resulting in a benefit of $1
116.




June 30
June 30
6
6
15
21
(70
(76
(11
(2
2
1
43
34
1
1
(1
(1
14
14
(12
(12
7
4
(37
(41
Noncurrent deferred tax liabilities
(42
(51
(1) Includes $154 and $62 of non-current deferred tax assets included within Other Assets on the June&#160;30
 2021 and 2020 Consolidated Balance Sheets
 respectively.




Fiscal Year Ended June 30
41
34
5
7
(11
1
37
41
941&#160;



Schedule of Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Including Interest and Penalties Activity
Unrecognized tax benefits activity
 including interest and penalties
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
20
11
6
3
8
5
(1
22
20
11
869&#160;



































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.



















































































































Tabular disclosure of valuation allowances to reduce deferred tax assets to net realizable value
 including identification of the deferred tax asset more likely than not will not be fully realized and the corresponding amount of the valuation allowance.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021







Fiscal Year Ended June 30
85
(37
16
95
(1
1
(3
(2
98
53
and a loss of $898 for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
and 2020
Foreign currency translation gains or losses of foreign subsidiaries related to divested businesses are reclassified into income once the liquidation of the respective foreign subsidiaries is substantially complete. At the completion of the sales of Danival
 Fruit and GG UniqueFiber
 the Company reclassified $16
073 of translations from AOCL to the Company's results of operations. At the completion of the sale of Tilda
 the Company reclassified $95
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
Interest and other financing expense
Other expense (income)
(1
Amounts reclassified into income for deferred losses on net investment hedging instruments are recognized in &#8220;Interest and other financing expense
 net&#8221; in the Consolidation Statements of Operations and were $498 and $98 for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
and 2020














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021







A summary of the restricted stock activity (includes all RSAs
2
2
1
2
(1
1
2
2
729&#160;




A summary of the fair value of restricted stock (includes all RSAs
 RSUs and PSUs) granted and vested
 and the tax benefit recognized from restricted stock vesting
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
8
17
29
15
6
11
1
3
241&#160;




Fiscal Year ended June 30




Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Cost by Plan
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
Selling
15
13
9
Former Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
15
13
10
1
1
1
189&#160;




































Schedule of Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Valuation Assumptions
























































Tabular disclosure of cost recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement by plan. Includes
 but is not limited to
 related tax benefit.




























Disclosure of the number and weighted-average grant date fair value for restricted stock and restricted stock units that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 and the number of restricted stock and restricted stock units that were granted
 vested
 or forfeited during the year.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021







The following table presents by level within the fair value hierarchy
 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of June&#160;30
1
11
11
11
11
The following table presents by level within the fair value hierarchy
 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of June&#160;30
1
1
1
1
6
6
6
6
405&#160;



































Tabular disclosure of assets and liabilities
 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021







As of June&#160;30
 2021
$230
As of June&#160;30
 2021
&#8364;24
$26
As of June&#160;30
 2021
&#8364;76
$83
225




The following table presents the fair value of the Company&#8217;s derivative financial instruments as well as their classification on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of June&#160;30
11
11
The following table presents the fair value of the Company&#8217;s derivative financial instruments as well as their classification on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of June&#160;30
5
6
1
6
405&#160;




The following table presents the pre-tax effect of cash flow hedge accounting on AOCL as of June&#160;30
 2021
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
Interest and other financing expense
(1
(1
Interest and other financing expense
 net / Other expense (income)
(1
(1
(1
(1
773)




The following table presents the pre-tax effect of the Company&#8217;s derivative financial instruments electing cash flow hedge accounting on the Consolidated Statements of Operations as of June&#160;30
Fiscal Year Ended June&#160;30
Fiscal Year Ended June&#160;30
Interest and other financing expense
Other expense (income)
Interest and other financing expense
Other expense (income)
(1
556)




The following table presents the pre-tax effect of the Company&#8217;s net investment hedges on Accumulated other comprehensive loss and the Consolidated Statements of Operations as of June&#160;30
 2021
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
(4
(3
Interest and other financing expense
 net




The following table presents the effect of the Company&#8217;s derivative financial instruments that are not designated as hedging instruments on the Consolidated Statements Operations as of June&#160;30
 2021
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
Other expense (income)
 net





























































































Tabular disclosure of pertinent information about a derivative or group of derivatives on a disaggregated basis
 such as for individual instruments
 or small groups of similar instruments. May include a combination of the type of instrument
 risks being hedged
 notional amount
 hedge designation
 related hedged item
 inception date
 maturity date
 or other relevant item.
































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021







The following table displays the termination benefits and personnel realignment activities and liability balances relating to the reduction in workforce for the year ended as of June&#160;30
Balance at June&#160;30
Charges
Balance at June&#160;30
11
5
(13
4
448&#160;



































Tabular disclosure of costs incurred for restructuring including
 but not limited to
 exit and disposal activities
 remediation
 implementation
 integration
 asset impairment
 and charges against earnings from the write-down of assets.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021







Fiscal Year Ended June 30
1
104
1
171
1
195
866
882
908
1
970
2
053
2
104
129
95
32
38
55
58
167
151
91
(59
(95
(123
107
56
(32
One of our customers accounted for approximately 11%
 12%
 and 11% of our consolidated sales for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2021
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
 which were primarily related to the United States
 Canada and United Kingdom operating segments. A second customer accounted for approximately
 8%
 9% and 10% of our consolidated sales for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
 2021
 2020 and 2019
 respectively
For the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2021
 Corporate and Other primarily included $10
576 related to Productivity and transformation costs and $49
For the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2020
 Corporate and Other included $32
664 related to Productivity and transformation costs and tradename impairment charges of $13
994 ($8
462 related to North America and $5
532 related to International)
 partially offset by a benefit of $2
For the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2019
 Corporate and Other included $30
156 of Former Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
 net
 $28
443 of Productivity and transformation costs and $4
334 of accounting review and remediation costs.  Corporate and Other for the fiscal year ended June&#160;30
 2019 also included tradename impairment charges of $17
900 ($15
113 related to North America and $2
787 related to International) and a $4
460 benefit for proceeds received in connection with an insurance recovery.




Fiscal Year Ended June 30
1
325
1
423
1
512
321
309
296
186
192
180
136
128
115
1
970
2
053
2
104
606&#160;




The Company&#8217;s net sales by geographic region
 which are generally based on the location of the Company&#8217;s subsidiary
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
954
1
016
1
052
607
650
704
408
387
347
1
970
2
053
2
104
606&#160;



Schedule of Long Lived Assets
 by Geographic Region
The Company&#8217;s long-lived assets
 which primarily represent net property
 plant and equipment
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
148
131
142
144
112
101
404
377
421&#160;




































Tabular disclosure of the names of foreign countries in which material long-lived assets other than financial instruments
 long-term customer relationships of a financial institution
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred tax assets are located
 and amount of such long-lived assets located in that country or foreign geographic area.

























































Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]





















































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


























 but we generally provide credit terms to customers ranging from 15-60 days
































































Description of timing for satisfying performance obligation in contract with customer. Includes
 but is not limited to
 as services are rendered
 and upon shipment
 delivery or completion of service.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019




















Concentration risk
 percentage


























Concentration risk
 percentage


























Concentration risk
 percentage









































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2021






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Property
 plant
 and equipment
 useful life (in years)









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Property
 plant
 and equipment
 useful life (in years)









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Property
 plant
 and equipment
 useful life (in years)









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Property
 plant
 and equipment
 useful life (in years)









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Property
 plant
 and equipment
 useful life (in years)









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Property
 plant
 and equipment
 useful life (in years)









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Property
 plant
 and equipment
 useful life (in years)









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Property
 plant
 and equipment
 useful life (in years)





































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Jul. 31
 2019
Mar. 31
 2020
Sep. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019

























788
000


928
000













372
000


653
000


120
000











706
000


455
000


099
000





027
000

















000


567
000


000




460
000



Money market securities
 fair value









000









Gain on Business Interruption Insurance Recovery
 Recognized


















































































































Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.




























Investment in short-term money-market instruments (such as commercial paper
 banker's acceptances
 repurchase agreements
 government securities
 certificates of deposit
 and so forth) which are highly liquid (that is
 readily convertible to known amounts of cash) and so near their maturity that they present an insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally
 only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify as cash equivalents by definition. Original maturity means an original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example
 both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However
 a Treasury note purchased three-years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months.




























The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018















522
883


443
554


519
319


737
049



























225


171


017


516



ASU 2016-13 | Cumulative Effect
 Period of Adoption
 Adjustment
































ASU 2016-13 | Cumulative Effect
 Period of Adoption
 Adjustment | Retained Earnings

































































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Feb. 05
 2019
Nov. 04
 2018
Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019




























Former Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
 net






































Former Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
 net | 2016-2018 LTIP



































065

































295






051



























































Officers Compensation
 Continuation Cost

























































Amount of expense for salary and wage arising from service rendered by officer. Excludes allocated cost
 labor-related nonsalary expense
 and direct and overhead labor cost included in cost of good and service sold.

























































Amount of expense for salary and wage arising from service rendered by nonofficer employee. Excludes allocated cost
 labor-related nonsalary expense
 and direct and overhead labor cost included in cost of good and service sold.


















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands



Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019













109


634


427)



Net income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of tax

255


041)


887)





364


407)


314)














235


618


076



Effect of dilutive stock options
 unvested restricted stock and unvested restricted share units (shares)

087









322


937


076




















































































































































































































































































































Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation attributable to the parent. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Per basic share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.




























Per diluted share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.

























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019



















































645


625




































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

















Aug. 27
 2019
Jun. 28
 2019
Feb. 15
 2019
Jan. 31
 2020
Dec. 31
 2020
Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 28
 2021
Apr. 15
 2021
Jan. 13
 2021


Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]




































794


765


145


































Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]





























































753)































919

























556
































Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]












































000

















519

































320

























171






























Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
























Concentration risk
 percentage

















































Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]














































547















904)



































123

























936













093








































Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]































































334

























567





























































Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]


























000






800































386)




































Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]








































252























043


859


































Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]






























000

























000




























































223









Loss on sale
 net















685


































Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]




























714


















































Discontinued Operation
 Letter Of Credit




























Discontinued Operation
 Letter Of Credit
 Percent Of Maximum Draw




























Disposal Group
 Discontinued Operations
 Loss (Gain) on Write-down




























Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Asset Impairments




























Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Final Purchase Price






















































































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.






















































































Amount of consideration received or receivable for the disposal of assets and liabilities
 including discontinued operation.




























Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of assets
 including but not limited to property plant and equipment
 intangible assets and equity in securities of subsidiaries or equity method investee.






















































































The cash inflow associated with the amount received from the sale of a portion of the company's business
 for example a segment
 division
 branch or other business
 during the period.








































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 28
 2021













056



Property
 plant and equipment
 net






Other intangible assets
 net










191














919





















475







556







Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Operating Lease
 Lease Liabilities




























Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Operating Lease
 Right-of-use Assets


















































































































Amount classified as intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.






















































































Amount classified as property
 plant and equipment attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.
























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















662





429



Other intangible assets
 net

833










171





























































































Amount classified as intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.

























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















559



Accounts receivable
 less allowance for doubtful accounts

057





028





728



Property
 plant and equipment
 net

039





362



Other intangible assets
 net

171





623





444)





123










428





229





039





298





942





936







Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Allowance for Reduction of Assets Held for Sale




























Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Operating Lease
 Lease Liabilities




























Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Operating Lease
 Right-of-use Assets





















































































Amount classified as accounts
 notes and loans receivable attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.

























































Amount classified as accrued liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.



















































































































Amount classified as intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.






















































































Amount classified as prepaid and other assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as property
 plant and equipment attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.
























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019


Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]








Net income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of tax

255


041)


887)












Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]












399


862







648


146







751


716



Selling
 general and administrative expense



185


949







172


189







432


561







120









386)









772)


017





320)


909





Net income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of tax

245


681)


482







960






































Amount before tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Amount of tax expense (benefit) related to a discontinued operation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tax expense (benefit) related to income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 tax expense (benefit) related to gain (loss) on disposal
 tax expense (benefit) related to gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and tax expense (benefit) related to adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.

























































Amount of costs of goods sold attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of foreign currency translation gain (loss) in the disposal group
 including discontinued operation
 recognized in the statement of income as a result of the sale or complete or substantially complete liquidation of an investment in a foreign entity.




























Amount of general and administrative expense attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of gross profit attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of interest expense attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of other expense attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of revenue attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation attributable to the parent. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019


Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]








Net income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of tax

255


041)


887)












Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]














109









433









324)









252



Selling
 general and administrative expense





384









088







043


859







043)


907)









538)



Net income (loss) from discontinued operations
 net of tax



359)


369)







Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Asset Impairments

























































Amount before tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Amount of tax expense (benefit) related to a discontinued operation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tax expense (benefit) related to income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 tax expense (benefit) related to gain (loss) on disposal
 tax expense (benefit) related to gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and tax expense (benefit) related to adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Amount of costs of goods sold attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of general and administrative expense attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of gross profit attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of other expense attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of revenue attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation attributable to the parent. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020


Inventory
 Net [Abstract]








884


162



Raw materials
 work-in-progress and packaging

526


008





410


170







175







Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(3)
(4))



























Amount of loss from reductions in inventory due to subsequent measurement adjustments
 including
 but not limited to
 physical deterioration
 obsolescence
 or changes in price levels.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET (Details) - USD ($)
Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

291


457





514


201



Property
 plant and equipment
 net

777


256










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

666


866










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

143


325










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

811


466










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

132


391










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

546


044










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

360


876










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

633


489







Amount of accumulated depreciation and amortization from plant
 property
 and equipment and right-of-use asset from finance lease.




























Amount
 after accumulated depreciation and amortization
 of property
 plant
 and equipment and finance lease right-of-use asset.




























Amount
 before accumulated depreciation and amortization
 of property
 plant
 and equipment and finance lease right-of-use asset.



































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
 NET - Narrative (Details) - USD ($)



Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










291


409


922





900
















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










333
















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]










502









900
















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]














166



Manufacturing facility | United Kingdom | Disposal Group
 Held-for-sale
 Not Discontinued Operations








Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]








Property
 plant and equipment classified as held for sale

874
















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]












313


653




































Amount classified as property
 plant and equipment attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.




























Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property
 plant and equipment assets
 including oil and gas property and timber property.




























The aggregate amount of write-downs for impairments recognized during the period for long-lived assets held for abandonment
 exchange or sale.



































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020











403


981







197





423


570





387


723





604


471



Lessee
 Lease
 Description [Line Items]






Operating lease
 ROU asset impairment charge



505



Finance lease
 ROU asset impairment charge













Lessee
 Lease
 Description [Line Items]






Operating and finance lease
 ROU asset impairment charge










Finance Lease
 Cost




























Operating and Finance Lease
 Impairment Loss















































































































































Amount of single lease cost
 calculated by allocation of remaining cost of lease over remaining lease term. Includes
 but is not limited to
 single lease cost
 after impairment of right-of-use asset
 calculated by amortization of remaining right-of-use asset and accretion of lease liability.

























































Amount of short-term lease cost
 excluding expense for lease with term of one month or less.




























Amount of variable lease cost
 excluded from lease liability
 recognized when obligation for payment is incurred for finance and operating leases.




































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020











010


165



Finance lease ROU assets
 net








557


856





870


338












929


962












354


924



Finance Lease
 Right-of-Use Asset
 Statement of Financial Position [Extensible Enumeration]

 plant and equipment
 net


 plant and equipment
 net



Operating Lease
 Liability
 Current
 Statement of Financial Position [Extensible List]






Finance Lease
 Liability
 Current
 Statement of Financial Position [Extensible List]






Finance Lease
 Liability
 Noncurrent
 Statement of Financial Position [Extensible List]

 less current portion


 less current portion







Lease
 Liability




























Lease
 Right-of-Use Asset




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from finance lease
 classified as current.

























































Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from finance lease
 classified as noncurrent.

























































Amount
 after accumulated amortization
 of right-of-use asset from finance lease.





















































































Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.

























































Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as noncurrent.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020











738


290
























Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations
 Operating leases

446


915



Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations
 Finance leases



475










Weighted average remaining lease term
 operating lease (in years)






Weighted average remaining lease term
 finance lease (in years)













Weighted average discount rate
 operating leases (percentage)






Weighted average discount rate
 finance leases (percentage)





















































































































































































































Weighted average remaining lease term for finance lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Amount of cash outflow from operating lease
 excluding payments to bring another asset to condition and location necessary for its intended use.

























































Weighted average remaining lease term for operating lease
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.



































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020











592


781





560


798





803


833





411


941





816


521





615


545





797


419





998


119





799


300


















































































827


089





697


003





858


928





465


959





869


527





691


545





407


051





053


127





354


924







Lease
 Liability




























Lease
 Liability
 Payment
 Due




























Lease
 Liability
 to be Paid
 after Year Five




























Lease
 Liability
 to be Paid
 Year Five




























Lease
 Liability
 to be Paid
 Year Four




























Lease
 Liability
 to be Paid
 Year One




























Lease
 Liability
 to be Paid
 Year Three




























Lease
 Liability
 to be Paid
 Year Two




























Lease
 Liability
 Undiscounted Excess Amount




























Lessee
 Lease
 Liability
 Payment
 Due











































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019













958


881







791)


009)














Translation and other adjustments
 net

900


520)







067


958


881























055


590







429)


009)














Translation and other adjustments
 net

186


526)







812


055


590























903


291







362)
















Translation and other adjustments
 net

714


994)







255


903


291



























































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Oct. 07
 2019
Apr. 30
 2021
Jan. 31
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
May 31
 2020
Mar. 31
 2020
Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 28
 2021
Jan. 13
 2021



























Goodwill
 written off related to sale of business unit













791


009























794


765


145





















920


493


719


















































































Goodwill
 written off related to sale of business unit





362



















Other intangible assets
 net





















171





















































Goodwill
 written off related to sale of business unit



429





















Other intangible assets
 net













833





























































Goodwill
 written off related to sale of business unit















357











347























Loss on sale
 net















037



























































Goodwill
 written off related to sale of business unit










































































Goodwill
 written off related to sale of business unit










































































Goodwill
 written off related to sale of business unit










































































Other intangible assets
 net










































































Finite-lived intangible asset
 useful life (in years)










































































Finite-lived intangible asset
 useful life (in years)










































































Goodwill
 written off related to sale of business unit













362





























































Goodwill
 written off related to sale of business unit













429


009













































































900









































































994













































































787









































































532











































































462










































Amount classified as intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.




























Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Remaining amortization period of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






















































































The cash inflow associated with the amount received from the sale of a portion of the company's business
 for example a segment
 division
 branch or other business
 during the period.





































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020











471


103












856


854





432)


495)





895


462



















273


273







Intangible Assets
 Net
 Accumulated Impairment Charges




























Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




















































































Amount of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.




























Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019













931


638


134













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Net
 Amortization Expense
 Fiscal Year Maturity [Abstract]






004





468





155





868





405







Amount of amortization for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in next fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of amortization for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of amortization for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in fourth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of amortization for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in third fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of amortization for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in second fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020









Payroll
 employee benefits and other administrative accruals

229


544



Facility
 freight and warehousing accruals

197


304





988


930





870


338





673


929





957


045







Accrued Facility
 Freight and Warehousing Costs
 Current




























Payroll
 Employee Benefits and Other Administrative Accruals

























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease
 classified as current.




























Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020











022


774





022


774







656



Long-term debt
 less current portion

492


118

































000


000




































Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from finance lease
 classified as current.




























The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.

























































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt
 classified as current. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }























Mar. 31
 2021

















































903
000


514
000


396
000







































000
000
000



























































000











































000
000

















000
000





















































606
000




606
000


606
000
















































































































































































































































































































































































394
000




394
000


394
000





































































Line of Credit Facility
 Additional Borrowing Capacity

























































Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.























































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























The fee
 expressed as a percentage of the line of credit facility
 for available but unused credit capacity under the credit facility.






















































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020


















254



































022


774



































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing after fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing in next fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing in fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing in fourth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing in third fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirement
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date
 maturing in second fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019













215


339)


969)





578


167


965





793


828


004)




































The portion of earnings or loss from continuing operations before income taxes that is attributable to foreign operations
 which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile.




























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations before deduction of income tax expense (benefit) and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest
 and addition of income (loss) from equity method investments.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019













243


595)


639





735









253


021


075





231


955)


474














266


007


538)





064)


414


188





660




356)





862


160


706)





093


205


232)

















































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018



















998









Operating loss carryback
 CARES Act



817









Cash paid for income taxes
 net of refunds





162


535







359













212


172


212











895













065











941


453


941


912







899


870


899


869


730





087


058


087


057





Interest and penalties
 accrued

166


549


166



































141


514


141



































587


441


587











Operating Loss Carryback
 CARES Act






















































































Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from undistributed earnings of subsidiary and other recognized entity not within country of domicile. Includes
 but is not limited to
 other basis differences.

























































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.




























Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.













































































































































































The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019


Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Amount










847


104


761)



State income taxes
 net of federal (benefit) provision

150




922)





756









466









921)


499


938





971


925







840









073













834







449


872





116)


668)







077


182


797)





093


205


232)



Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Percent

















State income taxes
 net of federal (benefit) provision


























































































































834



Income tax benefit
 CARES Act



949





Income tax benefit
 discontinued operations
 CARES Act



719





Income tax benefit
 gross
 CARES Act



668





Income tax refund receivable
 benefit
 CARES Act

116

























Valuation allowance
 deferred tax asset
 increase (decrease)
 amount

774)







Valuation allowance
 Danival

















Valuation allowance
 deferred tax asset
 increase (decrease)
 amount

600)







Valuation allowance
 UK rate change

















Valuation allowance
 deferred tax asset
 increase (decrease)
 amount

051

























Valuation allowance
 deferred tax asset
 increase (decrease)
 amount












Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Global Intangible Low Taxed Income
 Percent




























Effective Income Tax Reconciliation
 CARES Act
 amount




























Effective Income Tax Reconciliation
 CARES Act
 Percent




























Effective Tax Reconciliation
 Global Intangible Low Taxed Income
 Amount




























Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
 CARES ACT




























Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
 Discontinued Operations
 CARES Act




























Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
 Gross
 CARES Act




























Income Tax Refund Receivable
 Expense (Benefit)
 CARES Act





























































































































































































































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).




























Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to income tax contingencies. Includes
 but not limited to
 domestic tax contingency
 foreign tax contingency
 state and local tax contingency
 and other contingencies.


















































































































Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 attributable to increase (decrease) in the income tax rates.







































































































































































































































Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to increase (decrease) in income tax contingencies. Including
 but not limited to
 domestic tax contingency
 foreign tax contingency
 state and local tax contingency
 and other contingencies.












































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019













213


724







261


173







482)


746)







643)


627)







792


737







960


393







797


417







172)


212)







165


096







971)


807)







048


006







453)


941)


912)





485)


787)




































Deferred Tax Asset (Liability)
 Leasing Arrangements
 Net




























Deferred Tax Assets
 Inventory
 Noncurrent

























































Deferred Tax Assets
 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals
 Loss Reserves
 Noncurrent




























Deferred Tax Liabilities
 Right of Use Assets




























Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 with jurisdictional netting.




























Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as other.



















































































































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.

























































Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.




























Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from undistributed earnings of subsidiary and other recognized entity not within country of domicile. Includes
 but is not limited to
 other basis differences.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020











941


912





453


941



















601


391



















520)





















431






























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019


Reconciliation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Excluding Amounts Pertaining to Examined Tax Returns [Roll Forward]










899


869


730














045


499


446





417)









870


899


869





































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019
Aug. 31
 2021
Jun. 21
 2017


Equity
 Class of Treasury Stock [Line Items]












Preferred stock
 shares authorized (in shares)

000
000


000
000









Preferred stock
 shares issued (in shares)












Preferred stock
 shares outstanding (in shares)






















000
000





421
000


171
000
























408
000













080
000


551
000






















Equity
 Class of Treasury Stock [Line Items]




















000
000


















Equity
 Class of Treasury Stock [Line Items]














415
000















Stock Repurchase Program
 Additional Authorized Amount






















































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.













































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019













381


612







478
687


588
133


706
109



Interest and other financing expense
 net

654


258


517



Other (income) expense
 net

067)


956

























581


847)







073


120



























413)







290


































Interest and other financing expense
 net








Other (income) expense
 net

556)



























359)


788)














Reclassification from AOCI
 before tax







































Interest and Other Expenses
 Net


























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))



























Amount after tax
 before reclassification adjustments
 of other comprehensive income (loss)
 attributable to parent.

























































Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.










































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Jan. 24
 2019












































































Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Expensed and Capitalized
 Amount | $







659
000


622
000


065
000






























000


000


000













650
000

















































































































































Vested restricted stock
 restricted share units
 and performance units (in shares)







000


000


000













026
000











































RSAs
 RSUs
 and PSUs









































382
000


384
000













































000





















































































571
000













Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Expensed and Capitalized
 Amount | $







519
000


526
000


636
000













































000






































































000


000



















































































































































050
000










































































































000


000


106
000






























330
000

























































































































































000


000


610
000















































886
000



















































000


000


000



























































































































































































000






















2018-2020 LTIP | RSAs
 RSUs
 and PSUs


















































Vested restricted stock
 restricted share units
 and performance units (in shares)







000



















































































































Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Annual Total Shareholder Return Percentage




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Holding Period




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested
 Grant Date Fair Value




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Shares To Be Granted After Performance Period




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Plans




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Percent Of Shares Granted




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Percent Of Targeted Award




























Weighted-average period over which cost not yet recognized is expected to be recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.






















































































Period over which grantee's right to exercise award under share-based payment arrangement is no longer contingent on satisfaction of service or performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but is not limited to
 combination of market
 performance or service condition.




























The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).

























































The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.

























































Number of equity instruments other than options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested instruments.




























The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.













































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.



























































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019











Non-vested restricted stock
 restricted share units
 and performance units
 beginning balance (shares)

049


729


057









457
















379)





Non-vested restricted stock
 restricted share units
 and performance units
 ending balance (shares)

780


049


729












Non-vested restricted stock
 restricted share units
 and performance units beginning balance (USD per share)



































Non-vested restricted stock
 restricted share units
 and performance units ending balance (USD per share)












The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.

























































The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.



















































































































The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




























The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019













551


179


067





847


775


232





597




241







Employee service share-based compensation
 tax benefit realized from restricted shares vesting




























Share-based compensation arrangement by share-based payment award
 equity instruments other than options
 grants in period
 total fair value




























Fair value of share-based awards for which the grantee gained the right by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019






















































































































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.






















































































Expected term of award under share-based payment arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









































































































The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends
 if any
 over the period.






















































































Expected term of award under share-based payment arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Nov. 04
 2018
Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019


Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Expensed and Capitalized
 Amount [Line Items]

























659


622


065







296


518


189



Selling
 general and administrative expense










Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Expensed and Capitalized
 Amount [Line Items]














659


078


471



Former Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
 net










Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Expensed and Capitalized
 Amount [Line Items]
































Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Expensed and Capitalized
 Amount [Line Items]











































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020


















699


793
























HHO
 Hain Future
 and Yeo Hiap Seng Limited















218


646




































This item represents the carrying amount on the entity's balance sheet of its investment in common stock of an equity method investee. This is not an indicator of the fair value of the investment
 rather it is the initial cost adjusted for the entity's share of earnings and losses of the investee
 adjusted for any distributions (dividends) and other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses recognized.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020




















014












345


583












968


405





968


405



























































































014














014












968


405





968


405































































































































Fair value portion of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Aggregate fair value of all derivative assets designated as hedging instruments. Includes instruments designated as cash flow hedges
 fair value hedges
 and hedges of net investments in foreign operations.




























Aggregate fair value of all derivative liabilities designated as hedging instruments. Includes instruments designated as cash flow hedges
 fair value hedges
 and hedges of net investments in foreign operations.




























Amount of investment in equity security measured at fair value with change in fair value recognized in net income (FV-NI)
 classified as current.



















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2021












Equity method investment
 ownership percentage (less than)










































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















































Other comprehensive income (loss)
 cash flow hedge
 reclassification

000)


































Derivative
 notional amount



000
000























Other comprehensive income (loss)
 cash flow hedge
 reclassification

000















































































Derivative
 notional amount | &#8364;





700





















Derivative
 notional amount | &#8364;





969





















Derivative
 notional amount



775
000























Derivative
 notional amount



225
000























Derivative
 notional amount



































































































Amount
 before tax
 of reclassification of gain (loss) from accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) for derivative instrument designated and qualifying as cash flow hedge included in assessment of hedge effectiveness.




























































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020


Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]






Derivative asset
 fair value



014



Derivative liability
 fair value



405










Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]






Derivative asset
 fair value






Derivative liability
 fair value

968


331










Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]






Derivative asset
 fair value













Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]






Derivative liability
 fair value













Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]






Derivative asset
 fair value













Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]






Derivative liability
 fair value

656


475










Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]






Derivative asset
 fair value













Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]






Derivative liability
 fair value













Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]






Derivative asset
 fair value













Derivatives
 Fair Value [Line Items]






Derivative liability
 fair value










Fair value
 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes assets elected not to be offset. Excludes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)



























Fair value
 before effects of master netting arrangements
 of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings
 notional amount or payment provision or both
 and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities elected not to be offset. Excludes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement.
 -Subparagraph (a)
(c)
























































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019













165)


791)





Interest and other financing expense
 net / Other expense (income)
 net

067


956)







478
687


588
133


706
109





364


407)


314)























773)




















































Interest and other financing expense
 net




























366)


069)























Interest and other financing expense
 net / Other expense (income)
 net

398)


































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))





















































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount
 before tax and reclassification
 of gain (loss) from derivative instrument designated and qualifying cash flow hedge included in assessment of hedge effectiveness.




























Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019













364


407)


314)























773)


































Interest Rate Swap | Interest and other financing expense
 net | Reclassification out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income | Deferred gains/(losses) on cash flow hedging instruments


























Interest Rate Swap | Interest and other financing expense
 net / Other expense (income)
 net | Reclassification out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income | Deferred gains/(losses) on cash flow hedging instruments


























Cross-currency swap | Interest and other financing expense
 net | Reclassification out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income | Deferred gains/(losses) on cash flow hedging instruments


























Cross-currency swap | Interest and other financing expense
 net / Other expense (income)
 net | Reclassification out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income | Deferred gains/(losses) on cash flow hedging instruments



















556)



































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019













251)


529)





Net Investment Hedging | Interest and other financing expense
 net



























































Amount
 before tax and adjustments
 of gain (loss) from increase (decrease) in value of excluded component of derivative designated and qualifying as hedge. Adjustments include
 but are not limited to
 reclassifications for sale and settlement
 and amounts recognized under systematic and rational method.




























Amount
 before tax and reclassification
 of gain (loss) from derivative designated and qualifying as net investment hedge.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019


Not Designated as Hedging Instrument | Foreign currency forward contracts | Interest and other financing expense
 net / Other expense (income)
 net






















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















Restructuring Reserve
 Beginning Balance

541



Charges
 net

887





394)








Restructuring Reserve
 Ending Balance

448



























































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













































































































Baby Food Litigation
 Personal Injury | Pending Litigation







































Loss Contingency
 Complaints Alleging Injury
 Number




























Loss Contingency
 Complaints Seeking Relief
 Number







































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019




















Defined contribution plan
 costs

025
000


464
000












































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

































Number of operating segments. An operating segment is a component of an enterprise: (a) that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the same enterprise)
 (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance
 and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues
 for example
 start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019













970
302


053
903


104
606





380


042


493)





899


789


107



Selling
 general and administrative expenses

077


376


000





920


493


719







962


460



Former Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
 net





156



Accounting review and remediation costs
 net of insurance proceeds





334



























900



























113



























787





















Concentration risk
 percentage


























Concentration risk
 percentage




























970
302


053
903


104
606





046


267


490























104
128


171
478


195
979





010


934


682























174


425


627





036


333


808























666)


225)


983)





576


664


443



Selling
 general and administrative expenses

353







Former Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
 net





156



Accounting review and remediation costs
 net of insurance proceeds





334







Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan Expense
 Net




























Property Plant And Equipment
 Removal Of Machinery Expense




























For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.




























The net amount (to the extent disclosed within this portion of the income statement) by which an insurance settlement exceeds incremental costs incurred from the event causing an interruption of business
 plus the insurance award for earnings lost from the event
 such as a natural catastrophe
 explosion or fire.






















































































A fee charged for services from professionals such as doctors
 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))



























Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.

























































The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.























































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019













970
302


053
903


104
606























415


016
230


052
930























674


416


524























213


257


152























325
552


423
761


512
868























832


261


123























188


875


141























730


006


474




































Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020











787


421



















950


537



















973


044



















864


840







Long-lived assets other than financial instruments
 long-term customer relationships of a financial institution
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred tax assets.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Apr. 15
 2021
Jun. 30
 2021
Jun. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2019

















794


765


145



























320



































050


551


633





























295


242


592







The cash inflow associated with the amount received from the sale of a portion of the company's business
 for example a segment
 division
 branch or other business
 during the period.















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( !6!&E

O87!P+GAM
&ULS9+!
M2@
Q$(9?17+?G6R*I83M7A1/H(%Q5M(IFUPDPW)R&[?WFQLMX@^@,?,_/GF
M&YA6!ZF'B,]Q!C)8KJ97.^3U&'+CD1! B1]1*=2G1
^-_=#=(KR
QX@*/VA


!FGK_# J5,7K5::0##.'W)$Q+#W(*+$MX%
O6

MT=)(@(+)?90%NDGVH]

WJ=?3K.:Y1_
M::L!I^V[F\^3_'/HY)^GD]=-0LYPOP)\?LC6V&')VX[$W(Z'&=?
_V]I&E

MH5A)VH3X$$8:XIQSYG/1;/L'I4;1]E6\W*.76!4!EQC?-*HU+







VPLCO='U!=*Y \FIS_I
C0'



M?$R




 U[F
M$RQ#I'[!?8J*@!&K8KZZKT_Y)9P[M'OQ@2;_-;;I/;=X Q\U*M:I60K$3]+
M!WP?D@9CC%OT-%^/%&*MIK&MQMHQ#'F 6/

H68XWX=%FAHSU8NL.8T*;T'5
M_IF&@I
FZ.
MU4I(O#-7.N

'F6

M_??#X

MZ [:\'4ZA'=O?SWO6 1UMSK1!N##&H = / 9?%;2+@V
9SBGP$ZR&9'B6TI
M?6 DXF^Y/(; .P+F,;^T( V#_/%

MR
'J46CX




U1




YU$9BU^&!I_6]?O$8E10<_#9N]FO,!51KM%;E;1H
MI('*,A2=J571PQ&LN(9'GN8WGK'G@\KS(S


Z(5;8!\1P2XQ)&4K+JO=]__J




T30/4V
33*5P#^6K(_?&

FA
M#5D#4+L!RJ@4-.Q(727&);
_!&9Z5WBQ4EQKP&J:+D$9D8*&':H-JTUGZ# O
M&NZ*JHF,@8%C6+0 (EI)#66L7B&3Z)2P6J@,-_WSK @\JA)AC44'CFVZ



M]\GE\A]02P

M2E_

M/&^_^U)?GJO&E$4EO]1(-YN-J%\^R%(]7\S([/6+K\7CVM@O%I?G6_$H[Z3Y
M??NEAD^+?2_+8B
K7:@*U7)U


S#T++:U7^MUB:








T8A.I




^/+E1BYFQ:UPBV[ 1W:
\=&N;.;3^A4&^6PL#\

QPY59W'CF%
TRFU



:

M\ P1G


M9;ND)C&EG+.Q;(]A%+$XGKC=8SW369CI3N71SO[_Z$;J7/_[S_H^0^]9?S%X


RYX;6R=EEMOFS 4Q[^*A?;02EVYY3HED=*T53=U


[;A6]TGFASP1WT%GA.)D1_7XPEK-PR2DQ3
MPA45'$DRZSM#_]/(#XR#M?A!R4I5SI&1
A7BV2P^QWW'
T2$D4B;$!@.2S(B



(]5S]5
M8N*Y49'U*L\:[

M\


;N[M10[_H
MV/5J'V-94^![_S]*WND:CNOM(G(-R^LVO?:F@.VF?A#N5E#YK/HG*[@XI=N+

PE



M2.S



S1_AG]?[[\]
MS]'CS^CQZ?[[[?


MWY[1@_WH03MZ
##Z-Z@N
BNY



MFY&R88P&+(X

ONJ1&+K6[(A?J[


MSA].ZO1T)$]9@Y(P(;RD?0@#!_7Q!B\5:4)2JJ358T6@0X.;#3'&P(2P.3

(XI18]&T;C(#7;MP/&
M6$P&NC?I90CQZY#'#=



MG9*
AB1MWD:*]Z
=%BTG8!:9HD0[Q[!43]LCB[:3#K..%.&:1V6\<L'& QR;


#EO8ZA?AWS8ZX8
.(=P[!LG=<X4&,;
M-G/!R&4\L!6FO2*B?D4T*\JM@EC^_W,A<7@CLBJJV7G@HWRY4*O=:A?Z_RH
M


MH5(PILQ




MYK]02P


M@%4'6&\-L.L NZQ



Z8[A/&(3@XM)R=3&JI[ 534!U#
!B
 -S7G


G:J6]$JA5.FD








M-0IPVF\CRK6@QY+'E)U48-:J.%VE1.#^W65D#G=TEC/?*1@ 0=ZEV0YR*5

J#6
M3:!A-_$^&HFZUL#VU7;2@

M:KGU4[

3



I)'^B7


Z^N2G*
M94S9;7D[J%8EB9

W)10FJ]7(9EP\G

B19QEMB/#XW



#FJJ!Q

M'5T4RR5;SC-:S#]IHL?VZ.
D23F'. 



MLCB?
TIL%FU6X7





(_*_ER
MH_$]@R=KEJ)\:V)9UE@NUCE;GAW9Z7BJIPU;H::XID&VV@_MXO^3!ZF= JHO
MZ&


+1KL


:YPEK
MN +7JX1MVL#[\3WE;N)C1L;M*(?P']@)[G:Z=K1FRE:9-^Z&BW$7N9LZ8-
M88J&CBMO*R90=0\23MQDM@8V0W$D^P94H7=P[YBSSIA(N?6 B[!?A!!@VI
M4HXBP[X-[6SC[5+^@QP:4N59=FA(E6;9H6E:
3DTU$HWZI#N7\NA(57N \.F

&Y=!+:[


M ZU=P':[\ U.&*MJBYW0]*ZPE5K7+K6/=


MYH86J_HG6A\+2HME?;D@
:M^'






(IN9G%$DAD.C_'3C(SOT!@/O]Z/'Z)X
MFGPD\;?Y:/:3G$RHA$)GH%E*^2GY1#X0EZ@
5U7?U7@@(^NF3?#;.KA_)/B7

.;4*OXV']-ONE:^
4M7&*_^-4

MWPW3:+N7._P#4$L#!!0    ( !6!&E





MQHO2.4K3O15)O\@ZJ



ZY_E^!5-Y[UL#Y


M8=MF6-\
LS1S*0-*46=-Q=%QV73=.V@DARK\O@H5/AY.PY &[&3ZL-N]IFH2


1I7BL;L^(OS7BO\T(6K1-A?*BR^0T*^HUSY&
D6VJ@DSW'M52


?(5/G$BR)MC 5%\41/$3Q
MUE%\P-&MZWLT



+0^&1*+ ;

I$]]JML!1(SH;DP1#FWP@$=ZP&Y\.$YX)K?


HHC?Q 'R!31H+ M[ #'N$!N^GA0F;36C1M85DR0*:7
;YO0=DY ;BYH9AU61KR4&U< 0U8J9TWY<377,#R;
MEP%8LP/I0H(MC$!&1B!N1ACLP'



M?[?N(7XP#_T@&?

]2DU$S9AV#-V-9 N

M

MDV]D!^IFA]Y)AQX+L5SR


E)!8

S0#*1^*YS


M/B;X%!_J2*!9%E-LIG(Y4P-Y7
;)Y0*M =OR_JNL_+_3,TQ8TCS+D(M+
M?[X+R6*?&&L5.#'!U

OK+HO 84?F19-&= 323;ZXE]
MAR-R
#=R?.-=]]$^297!MRQ5DQR


MIW+/KP3R_XNF$2\_5 /;UVY/_P=02P
$%     @ %8$:4]#MVJCL!0  
 T
8G3F7[]R^

56YS


.YN-6[THHFST3X\K


L;%


YL(W-AIO3!VV5S;0R-
4FHT=CH#_'

MU %^0J#/!=-'D )AXCA$2=;/WM55ERYMUNN2@J91*^69

M4PC:PW?O]E

M?W@[&KYY'S [(1%) ?L9VE';&D:B(UXZLV0[(Q)Q]:[M@M@T;$0KP;_!,,*
MY)&FS'.*18).U-DR_&1VZV+(YFC' -T(L6N.^.$4(7*UO/T3U9Y_L@ZP
MEDBC2QV9I5VK(*%

M;#4C78]#UI+8LM1 EQ*[0



.DS9DML










#N
MN



#_#3JWQ=.*%V4/$

\!?Z8.^
M 72&_@4M+D_XF=H.7,DE#@7H?*M@97HL6]Z:\1B?6ZZCH#T!&)VW%1%DT_




V'J



M8]_!L\GG9&$4+!!H[TMJNDHP/MLB,9N0)(?&
'8 )'&-4.)2V1]FI:EV

M)K$O;HVK
:I1-
PS1B1 0WASX7X@^7%U@0L;W[*J83^YH/&8
BK0

^Z
3N!18*B@?T#7Z#JZ)RPH=1N!G'L&Q01[GP
N
M=V]6(RS2XK^N
*!8@A+ A


M4 Y_NR N .R_8E\!


MSE)T&@2%X6^ABF7NTP-HI*U*+[) ZOO@0AA2PQ:EHH29H0%:HHIC4ZU0_W[O

M(

3$X@&6W@SBJ#;S[\YA]27XU@C&%28N 9??@R!1?K;X
M<80CGU).[P1=*X*+U1OYD7,[6/*4@#%8CU?;;;MC!DML7^N\/T)Y+#8&U%SC
M6K=E4$K]@T+)IHZ9/@/8&[KXM'9T[)X%5)1EQ!M]R/SPI$2[B='87X9K2!@
M)EBO/.@4VO[)B_T[=![2=0!: U%!@UH'5K'HE&(V:GJ'1QD4(1+.NC$6'_L
MW$U'KNI(9K.?XM&MX 6E[) GU#83#@^$S*!IJ(@%6)WLW*8T
EM.OA1+LFI



(GLA_ %R^^

!_IQA.TTB4YOLN3!ZEL6R7:7&XZ%::U!EXHL KDS

MG]]5[8ZD(H4M^HK$.21XG'3GT;TZ3.3$0HD8]]&SK7C1%B 3G!]%(.K%5S

/#1CKU'7$H)K@)M8O3!8 LIY



MN.[D!-+D1C%D.#0PHGPH-=P$I3*^^+.==V1+D8V!%V-QA/+B4+Q:F#WE0M



WRQ&



MZ

M_
Z1([@(F!

)


M7S8L-E$+4J2
.



]6,V@C9L\
M\$4DTH1WTM+D2E!$I2ORT]!5Y^V<(H4V30^8G(<<#719$#F ZAR6+*$X15Y

ZWD*+

IUFHM5=)(=T%P:]JEL=-DE04LF EM.N

C-Q8UY90D%T#$


MDNU[[W;80R:--FG^$^71^B@YMKMV+?GL-PY+
%?^F^?3MH,J4MZ@7#+)

M\L1G.51%?9^^P4\HYW:P/C1A881*;1*9

.K
;(0IU(L



MD))/*

M_/H6F*A9_Q6:0NX?P








M8B(ZI! I7JYKLQUDF6R
O'5;\XEEY<O:,ID- 9?T*L^=<;MSEW1:U+@P<S.Y

/BYR!XTU=+O2 4PST[*3G*N\0;6;:PJ)QSK0ZF[3J

!
L1+7H!?3

S/8*?&V
?+%&K:CI@3V@


M99
JVLLC_8&WXE6B_( B]9G%BF=8(Q^!BDEY4YE^8:7$I/I )E IQD.%0&GM

?IG^F;*QTD7:K [Q+91JI
M.P0^UM)Y( !/
R

M+
5S_4@U7_8P!L@9+_03^\45BC!6B9C5WO&\IC-G4R49HEE)OILBR?7%I?:M








H1T
MU
$X2.:;+H 8_5Y1








F1.);7

?AM
M[*;K:5

QW%*M%NFK);\AHRE!DPD6A%5Y'WR3'D6][@



EV$@%EI-]3.]@8-X2QF#PSZ =7?\2('OP'K:VA

$'[N3K^E^YQN
MDJ&C9







ZT*Q_:(:SY7P(W4^ ;^A










M^+U5O
.3J)][%Z'90^SVSJ( *U\G?7Y4JXYW'0VN+3.M+\[XT*NM=4EUM&

Y62:]GG&PDCZW.B3AU1]7'H

K)0K[Y#!=]'K4I

M.#V;_J* ]FZG#NOT*KE;V]U3(D^2X=YL*R*0:#P:X.F. LMSQ@/OJY\HIF1X
M-[F#S.\I
%!PV=43X


MLQBD!)5^5#+W_1%X &= .^[NXU6)#XIW0+ K#*7QYC=;2RJ
=6X4.R9-L)U!]^DINS%85V<8FODR
M_,^DG,%W.;]WP7?/#I]5!:O<YV<WXP)P




KPY'-S]$
2
M

MH2]_F%.$.^[
$V5(92J/!3VB]_


MEN^J]NAG0

8T64R8U(5%ZT;N;HW
MTFOGR;^=D!7Q94DU\.U]J&?$V*YSDN/P83OY,X2MH(V!V5_W 74J9/[T6=!
M+]TIB DS0V_?^
ASHS1):'$\%81C0D@+X@6*[OA.NV_-?L_^;=@_^#B7NYY
MJA




MD(/Z7C-VQ7L

24AV/+


?
M)2X\WI=

M'O/A=P8P%QGXB*2@#NI%;=K^SVEDT*2@\ORX9/2P









Y:FUPX

%?+6D*WR7)B':YGIW45O


M.]MY)LYDI?4]O\R3B]Z0 Y*9C!U;$/C;RHG

C:$
/ZJ;?9:EZS8?6ZLSWSN




M)$S#

M8V/1\-0':&6]N .\F'NQWA3J;X2V-CK?KQD0
;K:I/1!;V6^ N!M
05 3%4






E
MUR&CL^8&FQ7@


$Z
A8+=^'C[1C -?FZ/^

MUNZ

MS[)(%6@Q=HW9&?J%Z=.@_%QHG7$*LVW/'=4SW!\0X4B !
JI
IK)E:EP1ZZ%



QK-

;#[W88_*ESKG358)7
I[^W%Q^*L


.?R%3/I-





\]81







MLLSU6I;XJE=GQ48K&?.D=7H6]/NCL[5
LJ-W;_BW&_WN35Z5:9*I&RV*:KV6



M%NHB3_^9Q.7MVZ/)D8C54E9I^5M^_U'9\PQI
MO2A/_Y7W)NQP^&1B*JBS-=V

M*=^]T?F]T#0:J]$'/BK/AG!)1D:9EQI/$\PKW[V_GM]\GE]_N?[\Z_S-68D5

X^-[.# [/]0/R29^5M(2ZS6



M
OJJ=$650$YBL([L.7)7_XT8+^ZP\?^(/_^E0 %D29EU!B)(M;;(MPC:V6
M::OC

M32JA




MK96&?XLLSU[%
M$/8J'NH

OX=#\@IQ/URX2:%/IZ)8
#65$BB/P./2]
.B;

BF28KY(&#
MX/



MR+R*['??JP^R+Y(Y=9!9.:DC\!!J%9(2[1U)K1]H^)U
*T4/*2 I*Z_9P$L@

ME1+I

XWG&2Q@5/ W]CK9R&2R-

:I6R





AC&D)?]H] 6Q@U \[&8=M
+!MC*0L;P3*TE5_*EV&?2'M6;CL_M(KS+%[6)
DWF\[0 Y:PIZ'PY+-NYT@;+^G<8)FJ/4$WYOT



B(
WZI[X UYER6X0((K
M@FN2'6INT.HIM2S0#KZVRW8MRQ&29YF]LJH7(C5X-E
:I&0?MF@(+-!WT'#1

MK=BFT62$8]9DC

_(@TLDNGN''
J]H/75'_UO7 ZI8IQ

.
T/=P&#DC083X0]]SQ^

M:HH?ZMRYYR?^:2.M-P@#[D&

=/W!9^BX
MQW:[-I4L0M





]EF1&XKO7T7



N$ZJ$V-MJ

MG^J'%_RP20B






:E?M2YAO^*Z1%7@(7




3+@#6'76*2XGMZ9$@M

MT# NO-7Q1[4:B'WIN8'Q3H?=
P];;!6G9++_*.@2TO*V
#P6K1LA(?T7QK






V%/XKFI3IDY;XEAL+S
WQH&E\I+:\L<TU=[LZE959'O7BWGKC6LU+3QO]X\.%F


;BH7?MFRE<W@,6^<-W6GC.=:Z?9?/'0X;F
0%FW'+HSVI6/GNI#%KH$^

M]30\Q#6
0+'@SCCV6 $
MV\X=L)

8)'XU&67C
M4\&0W:VK2\?



XVLOX)(KVV4=-Q-+=H;-4

M(


MHSJ


:'4/5
A5O@&6&@XOUP[0




%.R]?:&+!]H8\QC'[]HF=5\:%



M
3MK1I[

.//7N9H4$F
N^NM]+?6

K87[9QM &(B\ZTJNZ9









M*N -6%DARP(Q1.\WT



M:PPO7*V1

3]P+87_4[

Z

:J2I?7A






CGBYWX#WK@B%;U88\T;B=(
MD7LL4B_
_2/
!KMUIZ:TW#E/!1?W A@0^!\4_-*
M+OL.]&+^DET< LQN';$WG286U%,O#PY*DRB2W$(=&TO,?K<OGE1J=YTW#:T

M@?QHG.-F: DH''\MD#VJC!L+L1T4PSS'2S?YT_7L]C/@&R3G?MC/BC2A_]QA

M9N\YO:_9\GX*_U2UN+]?BT?GJT?1/XBX:RZ0$Q* (B_.:1%&L;O


6G%L5W%&=[$&$H


M7YY9PW+/CZ-C711=(L^I=./XH:E^?R:^











M?E'2K@VYECG/]PF
@


*7; VBX(8(Z:=


7CT.( C())C1($A(E9T%,4DG(9TEZ3[S*1U'
MP.QI.*;Q)()!%-'I+'PV8S$-TPF)4CH-QR2& X+@:90AI
-,([V(NM5 ,LJ##  +-$JCY__*LP(
AJSOD!X_3? 



K.
MXD_#(*'C&.OD,)S0\2QY06Y!U@^;DQ,HA8'^#&O;&$X<0R6% %!*XT)M-WA
M(P1ZWQ'HQ&




JXMEN2]W(B'





\!R



@];K;0%[E%;-L

G<BA;HZ9GJ#5*X*S+1?<
D2$+4JLN#T/

SEU(&&X7 P@0.AUD,FUII^]:B
M;H&HA-'$($T$YZ5AKP'_1B2-
RR 7QI


G?1.I]
/( E)N$)70T




M)J)4SCT2$C /SU+&W$_Z_5.&^*[.RP8I*#04;=L@$?B#T6A$$:ZEG6N(!TE

5W9N#?F9-,YUM690.&.6VP$$4QQXMC015?(%)-EB_!2?X9+_F2BY%
MIN DO)#D^VP)I4(66(7 R%(T=6ZJ2GORT\$PZ$Y6H)#?RGHT/RK,L4$OU*^

&5YR

MELMC@=9-_P.Z*%M#WV*F\]G*BP@IS4E=1=EVL8Q:4U?S!R^=PL:L76HF^C
MB)O
:2BT)\2ZZJ.'@DF$+EY'HQ2=I\_D!DT

M2N

%08SV



 K1R5=8X'1*#P#.0A!0W-G+S3
*D
M4BM25LFONU


@D[)U^2Q #:INM[1(7B1&_7JH67
M$JGLZLLG4%(69O;2!1@=OVFRQ;-:'NMP? M\5-VNT_P0M4&9
08;8I (O

M86E.
)
)L  MM/T'7L&Q1%G+%YBOM ._
/N3T63-P=G)@-HN#U.,9J'!1?&
MS59

M^

2K7..N '=0\303QLISBD
MX8UZ;/#EKG0^BJ0=O4QL\+




TK/ED\J^DU?M(
PI
MQ;



M[L


56M::AAGK=X6BCAB@1V/&;&#'@_4I5



MXK]02P

MAB+6(




ML:]*539:5!N1&Z%FD$;/Q::N=EA0-GG9YN6-0


1NX[O1?@P\U=.$*SF]-'S


0.$M_212B


M8(O*H'?BSG?\D'B;A:$3K2*2+W#B86N&]DH-D!1$7G/28)(Q*2Q&XON9\X
M?A0(+W3H) ]B)9$(/


M(1;Q_6PN[K9YNA62O 5

MUW#)V9__M/1]]^7/'W_4_-%[:1P7KK9\SDY7;38:6]?WUHOW




MU(/X.?(%=ZN)_%

MB
$2[

G!()/V#.EZ%'
M
D=CFANK04Y39*S9&MJ%D4G_R1
%_I&2%H3

M GO$4\@1VD&FX@?)2RT =4HC'K



Y





9U0L&PG.?A&\_E

0'



/UCY^#FC![X
M3:ET

;PYZ5U(0+Q6N7]*9[

M:2A5NL]7#\)@O$@@5M9QBD&V?X9%#83 HM 18HDR'E535K?]^B FOKK432
M4-)'4+-?-Q#%J'CRM
?F4V

!F?

M-W6M#(4]



SCT6WHPW@\Y9Q%D'Z9S/F7#R9;H39Z46A&0K'/DZ^J

M
D=^W




M=$6 #XYKJV!7#1XP/*Y'I.\N/IZB:J2;
/2LJGTG6B8TQ#IEV;$-B)V=_+7B

M8YLX=A((J


MC0:!WW54
%RWBP0@;
F6[F\#.;_I!Y-FD=.1G8DU'S\(C-/6MAGJ6+FV/=VT

M2ADIWYG[+[+Q ;D







MO=]@V'$82W(5XV ;=Q[$)%_B#CN'35Z



M_!=02P
$%     @ %8$:4]/(%]

M+W-H965T









N147NOBGS-WJ;6_68[E8\*IP
MG_3F)U'[
R%[F2ZL_V6;

MX

M&GA

M/N@GYY57)'@24%N:[+:;6]/ 8K6RQ$#O $+E&-)M&GAE\$%;I7^VE]N0Z!R
M[TKEK,-XP/,QK\JJX [OKKR/M+ 1*Q+;.\$^:FL]V1:Z@&I3-)QW 6.L4/*

MB^19H'C[ Y9'TVFT2368*+@]$TFHVGA^S

/F984R^5








MW87:5I@.8-0FE$'4/E\R.N@/1B\005_=&O$(U&K%[\]DK^$0&H&@& &ILKH@




0./#ZM

%



?%YW*C56^I$E6
MOC[85-7VQ<E)N=BH5)9^OE49?EGE12HK7!;KDW);*+GD36ER$@7!^25<7;P




#M(XTY_RB]&#
MLV$:/+(A

%X/ $U$0A4_0&S2Z&#]P6.ZV,A'9.-E^)*/L#U*G%:%#);

MVXT29WFZE=F#V



TH)P\A)

MP7B-)(Y+OZ





PV%W)
MJMCGQ+$3[R51RGK^&S:29]$2N=C$ZDZ[(\Y#@HS3.NVH?9V3QW/






M\8)=2S
@UX5B=W@B

;RN&6



($4DDA=0&)N\BEZY!#4Z!?ZI
5JA:\OOR!:.6
R(F[/FQ4;13JZC,*.E6DR:CA])@=&V7550LC.A6%(Y<-H8.=
MAR:=^HH(I?(+UUB%2B27V(WAOV]D%[)&/6*3&K5FRV_(:YMFK;)02W;*JF2



HY]$-M7+]W
MYF[#*H.MK*H8E1B7!88+W8[$1MOMK#J]LT-Y*@O:E$S<3M\8*]UA@UV@:E*

M (3[=(


<ZH$'@ID3M[2RI]VS:




M8/_38=MM(MW
3;Y3UL 8S6-GIN .=V9AI'W



H)5!1X+/(74Y#FV&*.3AB?&#D+H(XQ+^V-YU@
8M

$WQ_U33UM8ZH3
\/1


ML+V]XO:4;=GOBDRP^BX^^N$$62Q)5V*J&IF2=D0@L
M:1#=F
M61[I.Z3:IE

3/73[F[.O29E_
M(?G%=G'6PYCDP2?/AGAS2D7GO




M:1;MD-*!UY[
:R&?D9=


M=*
 
C1R




MW=:IA2JTW8@0^&$/_G1ZHK8+DITGI BI@MYB.5
)I3=Z^J1DF=.LI&2M(]
E
ZA?BVN7ZM4+4<6MZ/211*VP-_
GH0#])


M93M(@D


MYDKGS&*H%QU3:
X2'Y1GG:C;[7=R)F1K./!S=WHX4*7-A.1WFDR9YTR_C'BF




*)K)6UJZ%PF
M/-D&Z(!)0R=:T1E%'R)^*66;]KH!1=TH_ !OKTEOS^/MO8-W_E0*^T+7W*8J
MH4OYS(V%I:PA)A/ZHH2T](AQJ;FA/\]FQFKXY*\/=NXU._?\SKW_)NP/!].M

J[R1'D=F%@\T3E7Q
MRT^'47AP8FF
 G;E0%.6L:2!NKH:!X3B3GC


VXD OH%8.-A6#H


RC2UC&YZS+&*T8Q

MD]LZ0P

L
MPMZKN/^_(M[ZOG0V/N*PP


J3




M\N+




#9?[UPAH'[1H'O






 $P2+%!AB[\

Z9-2A3NIB+P&)0

Y$


MGQS[?^S4O3_HU$OI
T'Q@E5JN-[6GQ4S=4/L1[U]T8'[?#UNVWO'QZ-^;/+
M^X?'^_@]/'K'=R3G/_?_4?]@[W=EQM/&N__Q$BX4VU9DEATE#[X)JMMED.#

R07
ML



JDMZ@[Z_65T\)
MG )H'4IM#,5&I8[I,&:AN#H*:%GXF7+LZ=U\FZJP4H&?K=3X1D[$H%(*]?X

M$@91*=)&%] &(5FSX-4=?'8#_E/F1WZ9QE;@O76.

MLCJRA5_(TG.0R((BFH)B?833_EO$WUGOW[1
C3-K@JX'44OB-HHV5H#K;.Q\

#



M0TQRF7*%7
=BQ=9^?0[2+!TE+*!

MJ=^'RUL]03+/NS\/R%![\&Z[:HF
6MP=VWP&E;K&V
4F!M['BGQ^]#-\VBQ%


M








M4AAV(4T0*9-JP?YU-H7E$$K_WB#%()=B0%(
?JCM7TJ3W4CSE?W.$\@Y5)M]
?+$I&'B<:F


MP+O%[MSY5:DR27+QB6R+@:Q1&J+Z
K$I+,,.(L6B^2W5(*3RV2*- +IS!
M0$. 00GZ33UAW&^!&X]5FM@6,RK5@3!N:Y@Z73*!N3'AVPD^51&+E;Q&FFD
MAMP9%H$^DPD'DX(M9!'RQ^QV*0(YDP%:ND5;
V4%JF)0([65#GK#&:?LH06W




L[+& 1KUGFSF4H6




M_50[=@8*&G6+Y$?X 

P)AS6#?A36N0I3RF1)


7%FZ1




M)T]9+55K1B1!*7DV((:C8%Z6@/NTF'K0QI/P9V$[46A^9!EL0N&VO9;@\V
M8/L]T+'3Z316BBO?2%QF4%$O%K632Z6U@(A#OZJTZ&1\4:6&&C
.9-F][-[5

M

M+;J3JI5Y9%1N:J(
YS
ZIG^O =^]_=1HP$JCD^4$)HJH-3MKLF2UTW4-U ^H


X*[
M0_FMBL+BZE.J@3+R;4 BUF508/NCP2^]06L
+_?&[7&XR'[(+ 6@/6O.[A





!L_-1810O]0
M1.!Z39

3\+JT
@90S5+!!*#JC/2W=4




L\





M!4'X0=GR' 6V9T%8'O(]/Y1^3B35XF
']-I43C!^)A/7L&#O-P!D/J?W8X_P
MZ?W1C7_! \R/_0)FZI7@EMXLO:L-[FIO#3'!@T7VTE0I*DIS^?S=4Q26WKS#

N^\77K_/Q9Z3K]R
$Y=]U.



M&B]U#
B.@WEH'



Y6#_-%DLX?
M%S9+6;W\W0-J]G[))W=0?H(R]7CW=,TG7^8I[]#LJU5;)8WS^N'H+.?#%/
MYS3\




M.'\-J6A5[PIJL;#E)J


M9XD4GGLC&


MXHVR=+/[84%/*=1.@/:WBAQN)@[@]#@;_PU02P
$%     @ %8$:4[ECY%LA



G##[/PPHSY]ALQEZ]D(U\^


M(H
GLULI_M964W%T

ME6GEQOMLL*XUBKQ]^.Y:RQ0\X];=GW8[?J0=WWXL]3\)\B)B\5G





0J:*2GE#$EZ8-
9LJZ0B$AC8*3\BX6:E


M#/\M?=1([7.:[I(L]^X;53IAD3\:IS;&Y.(-E$NN_


H*CATZDSY
%?'UWM4FJ*M&FDU@EVN70G[
MXAW2


(K!4UZ7A2B5M91L-RL#*U&


PA:0-\%@G

P
M;Z!01!;KLS?O9LA1F 

YIBCN$5_C72
MM8<U,;+KG,-@LU]KYRC;MO[[*V.&NH-2G%UK:C \V[XR/
+VB AFV!B;=E2




M^GZ;4*BC^A3FN[HN0Q5R
Y4R5[L9F]X83]F4I']R1F8*.TEY5VQG;I0] (F\$_3FUP\


Y:!_*/HZ(E=E2':LJ7 


A9W
MW.-S Q!:^G$7K?&9!W\[[J&3TG5)/' 1N-L-Q5C#1QZQW/#J8WYCF=U7+T]9


M34C$?K\=34V$HT31=$UKHG*O'MF-;OS1)YI_G]XKF!W65K6;!$W\T4(YPY:Q


47QSI1I\MTX'P
MG[E!H#Z[I1J

-*]-GH3;O3\J#2V/)3MWP3


MND\G

MC%\! I9&
0]

-*





M87?G]-%DNQ$GQ/80;^C61E!S*3^;FQFCT6PXSN A&]G!FE *T]6F)OBSU^UO

M'AL!4E1NH:SE\6D^[$SO@-';!OR3

YK0)4.X(_U
Q^V5V


U144D^$MTI7




JEP0[1W1_*9
M(7SZ]BK.R7EB$\3C

B8JF%/-B;Y0Z\TC=0(5-
Y'<'7Y&

$LFE9
DIN8Z&_)Q
=<(4P0D<1*=-(.UJM0VJS2A+JYY0^4EJF@

M2^6MAT?5%4%RN:3S^H9^L6(5MSMQ





M!!0    ( !6!&E-LOB=D)0

M=#(X+GAM;*U5:V_3
E APCB*WH<%XS*8COW:4D_'JK*2UQJ
%51
+V=
MHU#U)!@$NX5;OLZM6PBGXY*M\0[M0[G4- L[EI07* U7$C1FDV V.)V/7+P/
M^


M$


M




#W/Z=*!V ;2?*65W$R?0?8RF
MOP%02P

M+W-H965T
G]]SBWW^AA)K-?(J&F;%?=Q[GG/NSCN;%?FBE1*YYF9=6<
M#*9M6Q\-ATT^I9EJ#DU-%9Z
C9VI%I=V
FQJ2ZIPAV;E


MA7^/=$YER8)@QN]+F8.U2CZXO5Y)_^A\AR\/JJ%S4_ZFBW9Z
?KL[N+V^NCX<M!//C8;X4\KX7$GQ%B!^(*U.UTT9<5 45SP4,8=':K&!E
MUOO@38E_[ZI#$7I2!%[@OR$O7+L9.GGAU]RD9C4BD]4&]OJ:B+^??;0M!:D
M^
\;XJ.U^


M2JBJ$)=52[9RPE5Y*%CA\TVOY:Q4-T[WE



M6* \:LYIKO-K


M






MC))@6\GK@70OEG'X;



MKUUZGG


=-0Q ]#APZPC=*4U\MX[]0&9))NXJE7]I
MT1]F2$?0F^$U@=A(S3K(!2WZ$JN89ZS.7Z&NQD:Y0B'TQC7H&3DBWM2P@\3

M/UGAXBO#9-
]-!K


LD
MPJ)/1Q+1 I$XB 29QCA^L2)
P%8':8I3*(4Q%&*8I!\?1+4TU^5OIF-S/



8YZAVD\$+;_Q-=?



2*F:&J4=).H73%


S@




MJFHF]Y#15Z#3ZU9SJGYCN6TT@BJ 6P-W2ML2D@HUSQA()7_-&==[2/$!-5U)
OT$IW,NJ?'1N=VAT\;0Z=M

@K=U@+]

M[X\'\3@^9&(PN8A_



MBAS^N];GNBQQ)MC'[S+ID5\3!\9_N]E?T^'A


V F V:T
M;UZ(=ODJ;_
7SYOZ1C7X-


/
M%^?PZ?A]79J%T?;.\[LM; 2GN[N015_RHK
#BTYGZDU=M6NK?JP*7:03W(43
M^&/





0CJ

M?V8J.+1(5Y7:PMRP4'

M8: B*H





G




+!=/N$_&%^$&+7*)!;@
6I3WA9YB'G@A&

MIXKX 6J@:!F6P

UF%IW KN$:Q8 &_KMD*3XSY1G899







M9&




 =
C53B4J[C<HGW:-3!FI @UI8-.(?EE-$@%)\C]-SB+
0C


2[\
1[
M%YZ

M-]

MOUD1XH?.0PP;ME: :5

/)7 O/TWE]IEMYM
MXL%+

*;!*[0^*

X-W&*;AN25S&PO' 9KJFV#\<<PZL&X(].$;N
U5PQJF# 2T(O8\



N;RE$3%QZHMXU!2B3S8Z%1ZR@ZXKT




MLA+P/H#([UU.7A9
38*)ED!P

MWKIRIH[!BXU^X=1?H3 'I',P&.WV0_P+FWHT@0\;'UR%IX3**$I89_ Q5





M#Z;5W]R)3DQ#6J!2PX*-/4.4[\D/R;V^$](C=UE&.JZ[HDA?VF!OM!;T%9

Z













M



M8\IU&T36/S.ANAR%T

%-!#S=UECVE6)J&F+VB'H0

M=@R39+F
L@-N'K%;1A&8Y%CT XEHM/Q\LX+



MW7
F27++V^AVPV-8'56B.N=-'^Z;$16;A HGAY$W4N&):@XE?)ZU!_

M

MRVV^\]\TG8[Z9T05E@+

M&
357(4:


M



M6+(E-$V 1+?=VFS9#






M#U\C2KF)?-);


@T0(LXP8


%PM\(V@:OU/NQ]FU\6
M674J;TG66I=_?4JC1DSH69L-E[C=45]-+F(\SSJHSEHMWS;5/L9U!ZEHXSH
MPT6S(#YK(4K'2U=-[NSQR)$0T059NQS)DR:AO4X4[ML;M(LR2=#&[NP@;PI

MGJ6HWKMOZD?A




MD51RB0ZJWL!*
GLHW


XPIJKB
6B79/08&

MF-\B!7PBX3Z]#[(X*6VT4PFY4(8@ETJJ/MS\_ *VWF&\YD=(5^AY*P&:^*N





  
WST:P'A^
M^M')Z?U

H(


8Q


M92JI











M:&5E='

BYX;6Q]5.]OVC 0_5=.^;1)71
RI@)WJDJ8C!46U_7BI+<%57<#X/@VJ\($]YXZ'*I&@]E8S@3
M-%6@FZHB:C^A7.Y&7L\[)A9L6QJ;\
?#FFSIDIIUG2J
_(XE9Q45FDD!BA8C

.;=$:./W@=/K

+
MUZJK1G-
V#]E:13N
JPSX^5Z-HL6/^!ILOD89Y,DSB:KR*XZ?U?)7
'R!]

C\[2$Y:R? =R5X(
RE

MY#3_G\!'_UT3X;&)27B6\6LC+J$?7$ 8A+TS?/WN4/J.K_\.7Y1ELA&&B2VD
MDK.


Y[BOG1]6U4J^4.M(0R^ 3S (8$^)TC C68FJV(P%TLYX

MQ3]X^[K

6Y(GEFKR*

T^%X^RN.9@Q&M25T1$+*$+J]Y7*
M: U_
RJ[A *F@PWI
!\?/\$
[MJ&2:J%O(*[[Q +*1IDPG7%6\
4WQ5I*2EX
M!TGB!OX




&'2&UK#+3[4Q

 4


$%     @ %8$:4_NMC!/F!@


M:NS6P+NFXM53 W.



E

J@30_LE@
SAMLN3RG82DAA



;)WYDBZH SXQR1L7
M'
HF2;$O@^8EQV7
[6%!J

MW8TR+I1.=! 







M.H?WT2S*08J/9(;6-=_2RP
JNC9[/?E#C
]=W;IC&8UF5\A *NN[F-P:)-R
MD7R#\X1T(PEA*](K!'_Z0*EOB 9^\@EAE)WIV3^G!H\I'1 (:)V8
[=OKN.
M'-+BII^-9_C2Q1D.6Y'Z7^W=/_\3C/L#17#?XL3@GFJY:$;VI3
I*3([B!

MX @(W05_+(G^O# )_Q1MCS92I
/XB+B/A0K/SW/X0-%^ ]-&GA]'F+*7)QU^

M2P
$%     @ %8$:4\_

M965T



O/A

J.X%RW+
.E
M1S.F4;V@EQX0(9


M='








 ];H'(J_R';-L


M*
T(C6*L8A)3
IE





W+GAM;.U86V_;.!;^*X0WNV@!QM:-NF22 $FVQ7;1;HNZ



6M?S0

W

MW'QHL9H-*'E1R5H7JF:M7-Y


MIE9U\2LD8I7N\Y%T?0M9ER40\EYE$E/4)JU7!?6/0Q


M&4FY





MT%*7

MMU?\+LO:#8X?W;3*SE=9SWS0'&V#X'%D6P&& ;2CG34[Z :S0Y_])5UA=HS(




QMO
#36+BH9DZ


$96X($/A\*P7V'FE/H?5OU1D/U1G]U



MN.HV*+.BDLH66H&1\]/.B _.

M0A#XN)/GLBP),WXNL7L-I)\/%\A_[&^XZ^3(65Y[K\5



.%JF5YDYVAI.E
MA+DNL0!)C:-D@EWJC06'7_*]*7ZY



H#7$2AJS7Y]]M6
1XED*8L1Z/
M(4(%0=!B%
4P#0*680%B7'L!0^-\7#D+TAZT
#AI&)RT
OC&V_FL8@Y1MA7H


B2H^RI#C
MT:A0:_(73]G&;[2PP=^YL%M^8DS?X!$$F^CO4ICZ%/7-G][W(-]+GRA$WY[3




  #$&

Y+GAM;'U576_;.@S]*X2QASO



2&3U'W:4  ))B\HI* VYO7A&JC\V)?_E14E5*1IP]8'85\
M1H0]UEAP<TG(<GK/W!;7-B;U9U?Q#S




@35

=Z\9)H?#1@&WJ

M$\IORLH96A44YZ:+#_



7J^MMQ?P




MRT))^FBLC3#WVB$







R; E+1S_[J7_PK;#EH5J]$55


M
HI%%.!I*+Y4!MN=.DF3ISZ^.7[3N(E)&

$X\;]O4:MT
MM@<482IQMC2M*@Y!YO@6!)GZP38$B:_SZ[E8=:YMX,/65(!M3<[$AE5;[U:
M:2Z9]B[6=BCKF.%)6+Q#RO]
B^'_X?N
M7*PA@LP6MZIH+4H4A4N52Q0*!7-F$$I$UH= B=(4^PT]W$!$_T$ZD5S=[8G
MK=:-KF\I6 !%UFU08_(L=I636ZKC'32&%PP3\A

9XNX%T$F?P?/]'@=U2S8&26-U $084CFW;1Y%E.U(V
C\%2C(BGB*..

 WAZZD[

M^1%D4;-+XLXE(1C5(T13\

3X_O041A@XU8\YZCVURH0E#@PK0GY

MOJ]N==T0F(@'[XF(]$
BFF/3O.F @K4MWFF@6&'%JHLZ^(+IF0''7@/\,=@
MH+-^I]Z &@.):JC9HKN'4HZ8=M ]ZPIAG]\P[1UXCB8BU_:FC9W2!#XF*FV

M6D]C;:'NL.- $

VW.K*^!G)E^FSN16(D






!QHIHL#'8L^)/'1&MH&B
M
YA:K^DL\W:H'!YZ)X]GY5A\H#'#IA&PQ


AU*/3IIZEAPZ8
A?(&6J
M(L^8,\]5P6W/-9W4VH*PM7U<7^
))*!))(GGSUR?\$M[L[)9X.3#_'#4=GT
5GCCKREU#&M<WMH2-=.F;!Y055P*E?BI!+LPBO(@S
M\-%5E/.AAY'*#[M3L^6]G0*+SB-#O:!-Z#C+I^FII$5&$%&^MLLV!ER!!_I





M='

BYX;6RM5]MRVS80_94=59-(


M964X$_2= EV5)5'K*\KEZJ(5M38+[]FB
':A=WF^) MZ3\V'Y3N%LUZC)6
E

5A/YE)^LI/7V44KM( HIZFQ&@B^OM 9


M?(3. YESJKOG/8
F[


MHQI_K



XCL.S
MZ=WLC1M&9]U3N&4Z)1P^4J)\3@$S0IN

81#CK)

&HJL;OC=E


-VF79S0S#PA/.UZVI.#3V!J?$
Y!=V=&KO2?71&M

MLSW &58:GJU




V$/XK.RG7@1GC6'X/



8G
M8B3J3[.AQE5W;267I:B
5!5H



M8Z
:XN0 D!2LD8*;&B=:!A+D_$7@37!@05&+ \ LL#$E4-ZA3(!.;(%@N^



M3[3(U*22_Z#H6*ORO2]21C Y_P_+EXWDGRC9L-I*L.&D!MT6U)?MJ:_RVH/4
(;829*(-ICC!S[<_X?3(6TGZI&U
M7DQ!(X?,FC!8+S&8-R*P1%V&?F\L+GTGX3&1@#Z!N$R(_QM);AV@_=8PL6*
M./C2HCU5R'F]3U#%P[!HB?8^QA+K80@+0I.NB3#F\[A-1XT36([*B]:*_]Q

M'$-BT W;&$6)?EFRO!^




M7MR0


MH LQ1E7/3; CT



M:&5E=#0T+GAM;


MI75LCT_HMRYV$\N6*+P6[$^:ZGSB#3U(
2



C

J%*B@K_B

M \

KZ^!DY10ED4G^W 'R$@]KQ5.TXFDYNGAD$\_6QF
@0&1@
MBHE-




VAFP9)MHO#83\P$FT3E40?2=?M_?J;





M
\F4)I)J!F&^
4J!#-5D#9
PJO@\A_F$4$5BJA9D!JH(@)DSLWU3B^3JRR&@


MUCNY:YRI1@(G9A:-
@=.N21?:;HRI%


:(B!YCLO



_F'8#
&!?
M:%J7'.]6V2HU;BP.$?E#L@4^1H*Y'R$:VTILMQ4[:0MNWF@PDU5F;G7#\/39
M



M_V)4%H^'#Z[HF$(O%4Y!VW?MC'A 7%+$']L1T.:FQ7K7T(^K*@@%O+C!B:
M3A9D76N


=S9[@0@





M&E-FK+1C$ 


M

M@.O9[:ST=J\8*+G&MP315Q?1YAD*=)D$4


M^F3++

MI#ZN^!+7+'X1\7TCKV T'$ \C*


M_B*\*_9;4[


MX6O&2Z#BIM*5

&M'&^(I5]1^P(FH-:?DOU:.+RSS'$T'^:PGZ


MU[: ?K=OH&G;-_XW;[OO Z6'2P
]^0ZO'I['8!N.UJ[L*KV762G+/4D/SW2
M3PU
Z#SO5+VLG $_6]E^A]02P

1
  !D



M&^/3XY9/Q:TPO[;7E?CE92RFHM&5[(A)28GHS/_Z$-J][L-OU5BH3?69VY



M2/
#NI-F6GZV)2B?Y@#&@K?

M@8AS.6]YL_SY+UG@IW_32R+SDJ#, =8'VX'408:2::RC4=+]\VDN5ID8:
M*BM=U%*+DNY%P3L-81UT;D(9=O;ZL-%(DHHZ=V:Y%=KYU2\7UCIJ.]5N+8V

A
MS@7M?Y5:'QR]!A7DS/,]KR&

(B#%B2!2_ A!GSPH3BF(5A2''&
B\C/TF9











MWZ&.=


\S(?66*
(T&*!UAEK(@3BF
M4E3;X
^)AW05#^F[W\6^2E38KZ[*G+EW&/8B







DRU52#F\X(S9
P*&8SOG:;7I[2!Q^N#^IVKW=2R)0IG@GVA


[F#ZEQ7BR2!R6H.TTFR3*QUO5DDB]7CQ'F=S5$3RM1YY&L#8&7\

MU
.._A-68B6D)EN&T-V.
C!O7E0+
_H')OR+Q3_J^1)E[B9;M06V[=];^\=C
MTL[
;_?VY;DG



BSU*9FCDRSBFUCD/$05

M3@J%


)\DAI$DZ*'6KG-GN



M!!0    ( !6!&E
P

M=#4P+GAM;+56:V_:


MA:X@D3
SRF(L9)?-3;YB@$
-BB/3L:RZ&6.2&)V6'ANR3HNN1402&#+$UW&

*5VJCA^V#4OM((A*+ \O
('D218I+[^).1&GE
!=QM





(OY%LGM:.[ 7
M+6N90JI7.W?##*5W52E4Z#2=E?)F+!T5420KA/8
J4Y7ESMGGK.J6
W]=)
M!56M

MBR

M4U_609)P%
%






M_!Z




*IJGE*TEPP%M@%?R+Z



L_?7X+P!.V]) S].YZ $%PWCBR


IX?;4?0V1[LM$LS_8;4L(
M/] 10C@;A7Y_F^'G_W


T3D?Q'\C4KX



^/*F8I+ 21QR2AXOL=Q/P\
&SCLK%DN[W2&^:P
M?Z [6(%Z/BP$KLS2RX8ED$K&4R)@.S!&]NTTT/:9P6\
SO+5
]%*UIR_Z
5L
M


'GJJ]))-T YL:?-B.[WR$GWP0









M   ( !6!&E-/3@]*4P

M+GAM;
U6;6^;.A3^*T=H'S:I+9B7O$Q)I(RD&].:1DESKZ9I'UQP$F]@
]LT

OUESD6&EIV)CRUP0G)2@++5=Q^G8&:;
&@W*9W
Q&O!I921N0!9
M9!D6?SZ0E.^&%K+N'RSH9JO, WLTR/&&+(E:Y7.A9W;-DM

$DY T'60VN


2O5+M-:+



M4$L#!!0    ( !6!&E/^(]WPS0

M:&5E=#4T+GAM;
U776_B.!3]*U?1/
Q(T^:+ !T!$@V)AE%;$+2S(ZWFP20.








&
M7A[BL 'OMN

9+
.\:0JH'?Y



M3
&-$QR!]X*#0EHTS*(H43_L@@S)3_SU-4B_L

@

7 \ ;14LFFG*YQF[9/





$%




MU9S:\/!ZY_T70Q[(O!!))SS]
XG5^K83=5!



;SAM&T0G*844Y_#'*-B9A0^W!P ]K


.M

5TT%\68U;AHF8(N*[GUV/ !O-#'-64L\% W] N
MW+!B.FQE.ELNH4WK.(YUY8=&C: Q+5XATLLPS]D;E5H%H*E$LM7!43W^M3







MB5@EL.DI78)+6HDNB^010WBF_

M!*M@
]LTW;^?;0@-21/UL2]@F_-]_L[%/@PV7#S)!%'!2Y8R.702I?)KUY51
M@AF1ESQ'IK^LN
B(TE.Q=F4ND
06E*6N[WE=-R.4.:.!75N(T8 7*J4
%P)D
MD65$_)M@RC=#I^5L%Y9TG2BSX(X&.5ECB.I'OA!ZYM8L

SV$Q7T+X

M^T=V;_EPQYE*)
Q9C'&3P-6NU/[X6W\F_DG&;P6[A
#[!+[GM]X0-'T_W'L#
M/GLWO'5UPIN@SDY@^=I'^)8HE:1PAAQ:


*W
=1DAYW%DHMWW6[

M\81-)$BS.*;RX91%XNZX SN/-[[P^4*9&]V3HR6=LRE3WY83J:^Z:RLACUF2

M&8LB8TG'\;
PVEG[-



#WJ
M*AV 


7?LY7!8 []L#Z_S/FH-KUVZCZT35QO\




M


:%]8T\H4'3QA59F4!NF7C


OO
MR




MPA9!6IW^C?.8WO

M
&\2_4GEG.M%C=B-1GF'?0V7JY=S5A=*+/



@?+]P'*MTX
)<FAF@F09Z=):&-<4*
M#_N[Y$PJS6;&:2Y2=$Z&L+
-@9*Z+=$X]1P.@OFS\%L

M)_! EB#0&%/

)*\37:'E  :;P!3XS\ 9Z#:;H

R9&S
M77#2=OQR(WYNQ*\U\JRV^HP0IC#;D*4^/UA*4++*PM@_2T;'Z^46CC;]
YO%
M-5]LMG.;[7J;.EM8$;9!%'2]0


7NH]I_3^Q
MV! F=7AK#7-N.QHOCMWT.%$\3AO2DBO=WM+A5G^!@# +]/LUY^HT
3TN_Z89
M_@502P

MU=C
OH3FOY]M*

O/O@;AK;?)?P
MBT&MC];$5K*2\M4&\WSB#:PAX+!&RT#-:P\/P+DE

M=E/+BFIXD/R%Y5A










).'Z?G#I-3&-X.7[U_MDF#\EL


?ZD.^2H3D:#+F1M0L1?09M$M19;=(Z(Q*Z@I 0<1I6AW

97@$!%I7ZY027TD[8\YK24(&_Z!A54=Y&

M
AE$^4N(]








^/)7L@?:DNI1B]YQM7-:*OU[H/CJ-66YD1=BQWE\


9F)_
\*CUX%O
M;+/59L93G9D0Y=4?]\]2'AS:B\IRRE73' DZ?IF=(L_S'%L#SB=T;WZN@9

CY]?O?]JQ8.8




M22$U






M42D&K8VP4H%?TH;F:S#G]^$/?4$_A04.#ABN*1OZ7D
3;+1LS)&]^'PB












_
M
2 X;R6&OY&K3M:ZMCL&:I!3]<W[

#B! K?=&91JUHN.^BO



DM:K#P^H&(;$%@B-_TA4@

<HN+WCLL+GRHR'B[)=2VN*W-?24:/%%H-^@R%





M970V
RYX;6R-E5U/VS 4AO^*%7$!$B4?S==0&HD6T$H1;8Q;0+MSE-+!([


54$$811R6(^O*O9Q$.MX$




M9FV


M(A0]%VPE





Q\6S!9^.62YCFI(%!R)/$LS?KDC
MA
#
M&KL'#W032?W G(XSO&/1#YEZYF9ATEI E)!64IX&0]
2[AQ0QYVJ&P^(.2


MXE4QSUB0&8O_I*&



.9Z&6TC.H64?7J
M?)FZCHU&BKZ7-G
CJH$F&:9<%]&'O@SOM6 AVU+(.NA[S)++-B/WJW1N_^'\I3T0G8/L-@0

%)_FR@P

M/JO .T+SJ(8\&H1\E=

MK1M Q^YTH
?



.S1PK\(]($6HT% UKZ(RE0O*\

M\ Z.\0AZ=G='[C&#GA.
.BTP
M6Q=$?3N_PWQ#4P%BLE9^UKFO O#RPEM.)
N*.^





MA)U560EXS!+%18(D6XXZ5_B]1W*%7.(/SM9J:XT













M2@6\
&:[? K
MT!VN^0ZW$U[M+JW<L<J='U&E^)(#3*I0)E D(F\HQH+W#_X5.+^I7ND=C4U








MF%R36Y%!]EK 1^X6/GR!OPI[%3^MQ06)@C







ID

M0WA9
:[PTC

M
MU)L3HO\-K.&A:\2/!2


%1-;F;J(
M^XR 7&B


?_%2OJ0RNQFU\DA J06':KZVGOBI;NW4/5
M!Q

6'7LU':6W?_^QD[( @D1/6U?($YFQI_Y9C*V1SLA?Z@M(1H]9XRKL;/5

MFE%.YA*I(LNP?+DA3.S&CN_L;SS0S5:;&^YDE.
-61#]F

PQ_%OP:A5X/!5[@M[C/+G?WCMU=4*.6)*@E6R\\)PD!,I
MH6_3I=(2RNQ[1\RPCAG:F/TS
;_D1(* ?(.8B8ZDJ:XKL;XJ8(5(KI5MS)H
M9(.:#_)I,@P\'Y)\.I2G:94D?AS55D?$_9JXWTG\B7); B7OPY?'K.'.-%M


.+N)=
M'U5 )^V@P1$$PQ/6IDWHG2%-:M*DD_1OP:_2_Z-NTGS/T;!!W&(5#..@G7E8
M

M_AG2@Y7
OZACV?[=0P_[%OL(Y%/3&'IHH;&V:QP2:U3:4\AN+A2UJ]NWNV=M
=$FEZKJI1&B5\:W#EDJZ!\<
M<P;[\L-Y0K\US/=SV EBO+8TTYT*W)X.ET'#.L)=;. H2:0S@^5H(O1^8

M:&5E='
))[K*E)YP9Y



+:(31$

M7UA5&5KALUNB

WE.;Q]7MRBLT_GZ!.B#/V3\5)BELB)JP#N3&=;J;*EUP


M)K;^%+S

M21!U XX:P)$5\+V!]6N HQ::L*5RVV;0#[LA#QO(0VN9/CT\(RPE@=KD2]CE




:@VC6D.; -N6ZMM[:DN A

MMDX57W?GS%L0L3)7 8D
@^KTV




S#/U8




93QS.WFP7HE+@O
M6A2GZ= I(.



MWQQ:K)





']L'!$55S/OA%5*NL


MM[;$E41H__V5/V*#+;LIO(!MSEF=7:^.V
?(]#%5T.O $(Z9KL$O7(]Y]IF93
MQ5OQ1.:?8%]BX0L=E+QM1K!6G



PCPC;4 EB!N9$B-\QVX!9
MRG=
 ;X&-YR'^SA)P/N *A(G\H.F?%L&X/V[#^!=1GJ*^$X2%LJ)I;3J;&UK





F4T;NFUD0^;6;510\_!':*]

8+NN*'+ #


._
M+W@

.$



U6YKKO7B2[NM)G

;4M%CPVO\R$C)@VM_*VK1:2LVD&BL(V\KQ.


MG.ZVO-0B'O*)3D4P\W7'#W@8II*
'3]RH:V5SA18O'Z4?I0Y;YRY88H?B/!;
M



4&


UC(&8SLRN&3/
IT (H

M2&BU
W3E#'4Z






M ].[1)M

6*Y$;JZLGH&K9!K\^DL70?]WUPZ +.
ATD#4+;
A-[.]6=2/

M\;8
B-T

HKU90U


M)YEN)KN6;
4XIH6E%J*HVZ*6P_]VK[Y\M!;!J,-M*744AEU%V6O#7VY%^V2
MTOE_N_R0?JBSAF3MT&L0
AG!N9M^P8OE^^^+&^T6&3O']P(K4647:;GK5RF
M \SO
R'TXTWZ2L/J#:2]_P!02P
$%     @ %8$:4]P;5@/Y @  ?0@  !D

M(0H]I0F30R-6*NN;I@QCDF)YQC/8&7#18H53,76E)D@.I :6(ZEN6;*:;

-;LB+J-KL6
M
#-KEHBFA$G*&1)D




XJG&





M
-/B*Q28)#
R(MH<Y<)72XFD<**^5$0


0M8#H+2#9

TYN+\?!J!.ED
:'T(<?((HB




YX8R./QB8I+-;&D.6BQ=M\V$-KWKMJ49QRBM@7F?Z'7!^N@&_#

O

A!







#H=S*9P!8-=
MH=N(<0Y%XK^)K:E9I=)A


!#'OXH5

2L!QQ6'6MOGLSB+6]

T2I9.]_F P
MG8^&:/1K




M92-T^ FGW8[C(^;/1J[3]IUZYE;)W&IF3AF75Q)XAM0QKAM#(5-0IQBB!_T
M0AH96[5X


O
 )PB-\NW*2


/9(YRH=6)&%YB3!JTQ-^.8+*1,*
MM+^89]+\HTUAVPTM%*^DXGD)!@8Y9<43/Y=; '<SAZ 5P*\CP+\$N;1 MF
M)JTQ5GC8%WR#A+8&;WI@M#%HR(8R_1FG2L J!9P:CC]=W*/SFS&ZN)U,;A^O
M;CY/T0D:\7S)&6%*(IZ@,9DI=#@FM-
'L'RPW2

+*GI!*[UIRH4J^+T)B&#WP5D1 C8L6H*!K@_P';._YA+4


MYZW




*EE\%M(H

MH4&0
BD__BY(6Z7-%%@]WK'/LN!5
 L2TPD/GI@OGZ]:O1;PZ9(D@9SS[0TM
@V!?0*0-8N5EZ.K)93(LEP(/@6B'2U


66K@U^_BQ.Q=6#XU9[$/L]PT9H']

*MI&'\E\$
+LW@S$SG

MN]6%;R+IE)%TC)'



LG]TDS?&-V38#*ULTQM)1$)
MN9#L'Q42B^.$1!X%'H]E7'=[Y

MV;S@)5



V$L&WW?Z[MH_-PL]-Q


M1+!
SP^HV_@(G]WN]8R5T
*+S+KU(Y4X?C]HT4



MA;










A&B@])@9W4:TF]=TGS'-0@SB1P&Z]W
MP(LC.Z_?\OKO\KXSNKY4M%+-O86T
?L'+Z0?=




 YW
MDJBJ+*E\&T
A5D/'=]8']VR1:W/@C@9+NH IZ





M[PL)O
C

MZXUQT$[GT7]02P
$%     @ %8$:4Q+U!R! P   PP  !D   !X;]W;W)K






:3

;#OZQ7X_.D+
M^ 0R#E[VXJ@H3]7


F81@ET35LU8=A@I
&


XG2L1.5


M+ 'F_58(?6F4 S1U_^(_4$L#!!0    ( !6!&E-R=.J*L00  +D1   9

22V/G&Y5*
MT!8MJX%!





?B]9)D?'



[62
M8



#3W?



M[8;YL0^];DD.L;UWUK9JV-^KZW;6EZ6V


:\?]02P,$%     @ %8$:4Z%(:0W4!P  $B<  !D   !X;]W



M+RD5X'.1E_QTL!1B]6XTXK

M\:@@63DX.ZE_NV9G)]5:Y%E)KQG@ZZ(@[

MD0=Z2\7=ZIK)N]'.RCPK:
FSJ@2


%+


M*O8%
M

MM(/4(I2.$;(#C7= 8R]0F3-E1BRW4.7LS3.YO!@M13U[UNT;&Y[@)(H[F$RA
M
$4=2*9
$H=V0
D.4.(%=%6L2

)C7








AY*=_[^IZ!D #E/'4O'KH=Q
?:O3!R
MR*LO/..J ,D53));6<+%A5U/=-=K8&9FMM?





M&

MW WK3(C]F7!5IF07=U[Y0#W14!G,.P_2OX_8=;I_M)]9N%.34/ZX/NZ?IH


&V+T&=_8?

M:&5E=#@S+GAM;+5776_;-A3]*X31AQ98(E&?5N$82.(.2Y$V09QT X8]T!9M
WEX='D/.=H)^:Q6E&KT4A9<70Q66J\_


1_;9O1R/Q$87
MC--[B=2F+(E\O:*%V%T







X6\+VHR0^#
;Z%[RCDJTO_?;K8IC.M
M83M. AR.O.VQR@Y0&D0UZ!W3J&8:]3)]H(K*+=0-%QKJ&ZJ+Z^(55FJ^@0XP






6K2C
$K]!OHT* =91




$%     @ %8$:4\-W
L7
ML)V[YYY[;)^OM^#B128 BTSRF3?292:7;BNC!+(B#SC
V#ZRX2+C@]%5-7
MS@20V#IEU/4]K^UF)&7.H&?7;L6@QW-%4P:W LD\RXAX'0'EB[Z#G=773I-


MDGHF$
:??

2$[5'5]\@C*AEL&+.)7V%RU*6\]!42X5STIGS2!+6?%/EJ40


2^/2G06A;-
MW/7Y(


[['8_S

+M-%/RVIA&[#C%&N!=(&3;@.&/C#2
MV2)*D1YYBI/^]2
I17




/OT'+

M5AMX)*\URJHU-A%43#3_]+'-PY%!F)XPB%J#J&^0G#(6X/XM09):YXS#0H


MK:DH]
Q'$YGU[^=M%*LFBNA$%&%$KJ7 4I
K44#QTH%OD#JNZ)EK%9WU^+46
M%R0.WI
HB


M&L%^L9Q5#&DC















MRB



$




M3D=G\&2&_%RAD/@E(1NQ=0UR* ^

IO&&;3Z0Y.3V
M0I:*XA=L*EES!,*UDRKE%4$64++?_Q4+<26 G1[%%E@-H*=H^52E8^RK8
ME8)=K$P)I5B'&99X
N9L W@NK:SE%\5B%MH*?D+SO-]*KMXF2D].;N^NIC]^

;#

B$!


MO(4[+I/*95JX?!J$%J' A3+$2R2



MZ\/!L^)(K/7\')[

MDY)EQ65
_]?C9=B%68]9*UB.4O
M]TFZG/Y-9WWLW4JPEG1:+7L
\MR^ZLPB@^.CXIGX_3X*-GDRR@6XY1DF]4J





GBVB7\H8;0R
M;;T
XSW
.]U?L[6_TV=[:Z7!_EK/]]?JX^KZ




*54ZL()8:%P=;. 

M(?U: E:10N_5R&Y!6N=


M\C=BR)/BJX.U^5/6D@Q:+4MJV=9OV$6 GE1G+UN18!8:H
F^3)]#NF%.B

M)3

IG4MUDESO


!&

5P3AF.KF6.F@(%M



;98/0DIANU\Y^9

;D\8@'0;1^3+*(Y6
MFY4


^-^^



M'

62S




&.JVZP!;I&A&'-\CG'-6TZR& L8^#\9OPSEG5R0ZA^#V;
MM5@'

8^]8A

[(4MQ+559/%8EI^;YI



M=US0K!6%F0)R9_1S\(1%0'8.R. @%4%_#.+B%@-M6PL$M*OMG(KV0QB)









%BX


  /X'

!3]*U?1'EII

MCA/:!2+4ZK9-;
*[;;:6.:%XPD&LBP+QEQ[.V;9CN=9K8$K23.J W6VO4(IG

Z/3NN3/1*$]X)$ZX'=XS*3
0)CAY*VK$ZF/
MQ7L]EI[WKN*W-;T$W_D



2L.&Z3T/28S_P
M-D%KW^8AJ.7OE^\0XWL-=\^DO=



YV




1#YVN$0







M$W&HDEY/XMNFUZK47H_SFJ;;KA3_'SC?=#MUZMNE^O9UZF7A9U6ZZ^$.') P





!$['M.P_E8F//U1IL%
MM]_-V1HCU






)^H::M:B!F'TK+JN
MID 


M-2W0S04@FSF(F498

%K(=*VMNYJ[O-^KM9M?=




M]0

U776_B.!3]

M$Y8DX
D?-%;;?J/30#%9XRQ1[[_C12#
&()]+\HGUA:S=0E$G%TP(
#%+*


M55AA


MG2O):9=:VO4U BV
LLT=VH @1-3FSB&G9A*);#N
M\K_2=[GY7Z3OTL3WO/

MY@-]+S%'WZ.;_%+SB
6&
HD2L@:7]D
(22QYJ7OJ*TT

R#6C'&\EJ#Q-B7PY12;6?2_T7B?NZ#+1=L(?]#*RQ GJ^^Q6&LLO
M66*:(E=4<)XZ'O?PI-A&%B \WB@N%9;8[!29D(\6F

Y]I2$/-;


MYPQ!+.#\*:?Z!:Y0)R*&
5^ATN;$:P6_+@T
QAI3];LB:*

VJA4




M%






TID+.@2$ 5N!/@A00Q
M!<DT@2E=Q$*P: TNB602G%Q115@@3W6XY]D5./EVKX!%H&G#8^ECBR'CM*9







MVFIR*-6 %=K)VHI6L
K)*JYJC!IY!0U

FALK9+B*[%QM!2MT'*16DT-M!J3(#M)CH$(U#*W6[?\TI
A

MM

CZPS: YE);
M


CU

MUM/.(CMGS&X4WZ9'=7.N% _3RPTE2RH2 _U^Q?5G8GZ3G/X5I[VC_P!02P
$


2:-TPH;92D5T*A5J*=
T[8-)KHV%7X)]
M(?#OL=T2=1+ME_CN?



;L#X;
?FC=!J0#MQ7/F?LB3C=KG#

'Y9P-\F6J\7D&K('N

MJ&3JRW



M2FT3.Y2/+D6BI#-E-=.M2MM]6.V#FQ@236*SMBDSTOSXM9
0AQ:L
MH1+Y $
MW^-S[_$]
1ZLN/@B$TH5?



!X*O0)C1


MS\SB1167JY(+WL$%8?C

)6E&




+L+R2

GXG019*0T9F&]
^ZFH\H#^W*&\47
MQ3'6



M*ND+Q/&]U\?W^)[8[N^X^57ACPD
1
#IR54NLOKBO#%4FP/.=KPG3/@HL$

^WZB8



P]I
M;E)O/1O*#(US)70OU7YJ.+VXF=V-;F=W%W

M_1F


MQCJ4A'VT=AK-%.IV#W8ZKO; QA:.8;6J1ABBN]I3-7C:SCV$8,CJ#EM0_C





M1=4[[=^NH%[Y4-#S#Q/E6V'VJX6Y3J)^;S-9=:ZW*NW#1B\0K+#ZU1OLMQ16



-)%(
MV?HH' ..E;8NVFR1M-W#8@^L3%M)=%+4G$*[(_?H:1(MD0KP2X6[B66J)GA

R80H]9FLNK4:S4]HUER2AF&967?
MR^++F(J
*7L7&DEO!
%8[0P99

?L.S1<P
MMORRA.$+M* R1F^A1-![MMHPB6B^0O




B@*

'8:
MFP/0DP;T9!#T



W YR@U40C
W0W0:Z.\PW!]A\C21-F9$Z






5R
M;'

MWG'=+K$F
]L-NM3VS8Y02UK)(L.29:#V%^T*I-4O@D];5J35/$).]4]^/7.G

F-N7-K 3RBUQ5
M]VK-:'/[.R_O/#OCU_A-6-WAMF&J*^5/5&ST+DK9&D+:EQYD)*I;VNI%\6UY
M;_F=*\6S\C%F=



M&MBJF:/GBM'0*J6)0URWZZ24B]9H:
^NU6@H



%9?7S]8O
MK//@S /5;*3/WEHXM-6OX5%M$L

Q)([NY0(*465=H[U#P2@7OI0KM4J%M(U.X8N/@4T-'0R47




ST;A/=E00'];8LG5ZZ\QQN]M4L%SM].@7WG0


M




M2'4F3#%%J4ZK(=_8CK;6SL_PB5^




2YX;6S%5M]/





'G



ML@DW9-
*X8L4)M-P*E)


M@L;C59[=)L_NUCS7?#FVR+_):)#J:ESMJR]GP@43B3W&)^KJ&O=!H-E2[*
F




MVO







X]9O0+0V43:'\BI5DN[ N:GV+_'U!+



[2

/*''+
MK0$F
]BC-DI*%%12)OA.4H4M.:RTRDI7(FZ?*L-4
VGJKG




M^* L#=5JF=








M
 $\14J797H#ZI\5#FQ



3 U+GAM;)U546_:

%DY&US
QGI
M&J50
#?
UF7)S=
4I-Z.@WZP




S1)A7O=5X+9^EF26&ML/FL.VLW**_\



(KDMQ+0(  -P$   :



M2U I+[(

M UD9/WIF

/
=Y?(J[PCAB2QDBU2
MSMO2W,*7ZJ.M.K<1]D;94^IC3/)?OEAO=P\HM7F_F&WGC^N'C;H+=H0I8B[


M8(?9?5A;XB4!TW\$C/\2$)YT' =5^KG2*).-
%WS#;O#Z
Z[COWMWLW]FJB2


M970Q









MB4S^&DD[



'&[7

G)J98V0V
MD](NTW




M*9?A[6(1A?+Y;!.&+\[G+LX2-^6YQ%(F39_U6C-67:3MQOB:R $(FM 'U&C
MT
CV;
PY)NTE
B


MTLHO(72 
E:4L9'R0Q;
&;@)DJZDM/VIHHP.4)61*LO(7)??)R=^Y;U5$QQO



?)LT\HDK2
@^^?BF=SKZV1^AT.$3B#\1;OKVF&(!PS]

MCU;39#H@4C6#'*!FD

M&_:]EIGFE







MC:&0 $%5*^6E 7/.O;[WH&-N1ULAG]2*




T95ZG@0++%J7.&ODYQ





M$K8_=B9].!Q!V#Z/^W H\


M@'F^$$*_WA0)ZO\@C/\'4$L#!!0    ( !6!&E.^/#3\N (  *D(   :




M)_3


-PA\&N!_U9!
M4 LVVA5F6WK'F4)H)O@##1VLT


59?DPUWPR
I

M
X44EGLZ[C5^O8_'VV^2]=^/M[+HM[C!
![TOV\'6$![ 51-]ZHJ3!Z]YO
M&D3&RSTMQXUA_/%\!TVRP?OY#CKX^H

M+W-H965T
3$P+GAM;+56WV_:



P]%C';:L)\_F[)AGV8B
MA





9Y.[T6+B


9QXO.^

?7.*YI;.7);




A




X



^!)B);*
X#S#A@? #Y2WLOL-6/-0=#W7'GF=R@.<ZSU4CD<F2





MJ#1KP6Z6C)F@RH4LQV1I3/$V#
OYDN6T/%4%DQ;)E
ZIL5.],M
YJ6X)2+


2.+JI2MF8W!V__KI2

M\_L/9+L=LK7AL


IT&Z9/-J;)2+ 
Y&B^
M6



[Q/B2YH

MO:$S^[*[PV_7IRRC*V%N6W!
NO$GEO)5GK2KKB$1S:IN_!&VUX_;5RP;B\N4
M52R=-E.]F-7#P YLU.8AWWDJK[\.;C
#\&!8'4X#Y.\LSO^TGR&Z'X=A

&WA@




M0FE(2S
.\

MD-/IKV






P6GF1F-[Z




M


N;Z9(2 T#9C7
_4#5



M2WIO06(9

M@L;


M
\





QNP=CTGK20NZQF-V#
M


MIAXVW$_#/1L$
6GV;B
@PY#W.
SNP9AT&'*0

]


CSJ3H6%LLRW;T\

?_P]02P
$%     @ %H$:4W[6
















MY


M(FM.D36GR)I39
TILN8467.*K#E%UIPBJZ;(JBFR:HJLFB*KILBJ*;)JBJR:


M;W)E+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !6!&E.97)PC$ 8  )PG   3







=_ 0    6   8               @0XA  !X;]W;W)K



M;6Q02P$% ,4      5@1I3T.W:J.P%   P#0  &               @('*





M:&5E=#$W+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !6!&E.:H\4L[P(  $L&   9



M:&5E='




M
BYX;6Q02P$% ,4      5@1I3&(/0Q6







MF8






S









YX;6Q02P$% 


O

RYX;6Q02P$% ,4      5@1I37HG_U$(#      &0




0 P  8@8

4      5@1I3I9Z-FD'   Q$P  &0              @(&3BP$

+%4M]





  .8/   9


4      5@1I33TX/2E,#  .



M970U-2YX;6Q02P$% ,4      5@1I3/DVW .D  !V   &0

M !6!&E.


M% 



M:&5E='






YX;6Q02P$% 
4






RYX;6Q02P$% ,4      5@1I3J5BL
MRH



M='






M;6Q02P$% ,4      5@1I3$(O4'($#   ##   &0              @(&L










M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !6!&E



M   ( !6!&E.#$2GA%0







     3 @  P
M@ %E@( 7W)E;'
O+G)E;'-02P$% ,4      6@1I3N:
G)RP(   !20

M%H$:4W[6


end








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

      
      

 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

      
      

 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

      
      

 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

      
      
      


      
      
      

 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

      
      

 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    
    


    
    


    
    
    
    
    

  
  










{
 instance: {
  hain-20210630.htm: {
   axisCustom: 1
   axisStandard: 40
   contextCount: 392
   dts: {
    calculationLink: {
     local: [
      hain-20210630_cal.xml
     ]
    }
    definitionLink: {
     local: [
      hain-20210630_def.xml
     ]
    }
    inline: {
     local: [
      hain-20210630.htm
     ]
    }
    labelLink: {
     local: [
      hain-20210630_lab.xml
     ]
     remote: [
      https://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2021/elts/us-gaap-doc-2021-01-31.xml
     ]
    }
    presentationLink: {
     local: [
      hain-20210630_pre.xml
     ]
    }
    referenceLink: {
     remote: [
      https://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2021/elts/us-gaap-ref-2021-01-31.xml
     ]
    }
    schema: {
     local: [
      hain-20210630.xsd
     ]
     remote: [
      https://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2021/elts/srt-2021-01-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-instance-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xbrl-linkbase-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xl-2003-12-31.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2003/xlink-2003-12-31.xsd
      https://www.xbrl.org/dtr/type/2020-01-21/types.xsd
      https://www.xbrl.org/2020/extensible-enumerations-2.0.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2005/xbrldt-2005.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/2006/ref-2006-02-27.xsd
      https://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2021/elts/srt-types-2021-01-31.xsd
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2021/country-2021.xsd
      https://xbrl.fasb.org/srt/2021/elts/srt-roles-2021-01-31.xsd
      https://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2021/elts/us-gaap-2021-01-31.xsd
      https://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2021/elts/us-types-2021-01-31.xsd
      https://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2021/elts/us-roles-2021-01-31.xsd
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021/dei-2021.xsd
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2021/stpr-2021.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/negated-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/net-2009-12-16.xsd
      http://www.xbrl.org/lrr/role/reference-2009-12-16.xsd
      https://xbrl.fasb.org/us-gaap/2021/elts/us-parts-codification-2021-01-31.xsd
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021/dei-2021_doc.xsd
      https://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021/dei-2021_ref.xsd
     ]
    }
   }
   elementCount: 892
   entityCount: 1
   hidden: {
    http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31: 13
    http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021: 4
    total: 17
   }
   keyCustom: 79
   keyStandard: 532
   memberCustom: 59
   memberStandard: 77
   nsprefix: hain
   nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
   report: {
    R1: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: dei:DocumentType
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: document
     isDefault: true
     longName: 000010001 - Document - COVER
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     shortName: COVER
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: dei:DocumentType
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R10: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 210031002 - Disclosure - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND PRACTICES
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICES
     shortName: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND PRACTICES
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R100: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:NetIncomeLoss
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240854053 - Disclosure - DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES - Pre-Tax Effect of Derivative Financial Instruments (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESPreTaxEffectofDerivativeFinancialInstrumentsDetails
     shortName: DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES - Pre-Tax Effect of Derivative Financial Instruments (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfCashFlowHedgingInstrumentsStatementsOfFinancialPerformanceAndFinancialPositionLocationTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: ie911130fb39348698981b1153d58c142_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:NetIncomeLoss
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R101: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfNetInvestmentHedgesStatementsOfFinancialPerformanceAndFinancialPositionLocationTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: iefd6ce05366a4086b7f57c37440eea6e_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetInvestmentHedgeGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240864054 - Disclosure - DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES - Net Investment Hedges and Accumulated other Comprehensive Loss (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESNetInvestmentHedgesandAccumulatedotherComprehensiveLossDetails
     shortName: DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES - Net Investment Hedges and Accumulated other Comprehensive Loss (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfNetInvestmentHedgesStatementsOfFinancialPerformanceAndFinancialPositionLocationTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: iefd6ce05366a4086b7f57c37440eea6e_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetInvestmentHedgeGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R102: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfOtherDerivativesNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsStatementsOfFinancialPerformanceAndFinancialPositionLocationTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i15926740bf96425390ce410d6c77d080_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:GainLossOnFairValueHedgesRecognizedInEarnings
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240874055 - Disclosure - DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES - Not Designated as Hedging Instruments and Consolidated Statement of Operations (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESNotDesignatedasHedgingInstrumentsandConsolidatedStatementofOperationsDetails
     shortName: DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES - Not Designated as Hedging Instruments and Consolidated Statement of Operations (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfOtherDerivativesNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsStatementsOfFinancialPerformanceAndFinancialPositionLocationTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i15926740bf96425390ce410d6c77d080_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:GainLossOnFairValueHedgesRecognizedInEarnings
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R103: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i66b059ab74bf46f49522b29d557c3b37_I20200630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RestructuringReserve
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240904056 - Disclosure - TERMINATION BENEFITS RELATED TO PRODUCTIVITY AND TRANSFORMATION INITIATIVES (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/TERMINATIONBENEFITSRELATEDTOPRODUCTIVITYANDTRANSFORMATIONINITIATIVESDetails
     shortName: TERMINATION BENEFITS RELATED TO PRODUCTIVITY AND TRANSFORMATION INITIATIVES (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i66b059ab74bf46f49522b29d557c3b37_I20200630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RestructuringReserve
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R104: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: ica0982ea6d0c459d971789784bc7098b_D20160817-20160817
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:LossContingencyNewClaimsFiledNumber
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: complaint
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240924057 - Disclosure - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COMMITMENTSANDCONTINGENCIESDetails
     shortName: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: ica0982ea6d0c459d971789784bc7098b_D20160817-20160817
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:LossContingencyNewClaimsFiledNumber
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: complaint
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R105: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: hain:DefinedContributionPlanEligibilityMinimumPeriodWorked
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240944058 - Disclosure - Defined Contribution Plans (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DefinedContributionPlansDetails
     shortName: Defined Contribution Plans (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: hain:DefinedContributionPlanEligibilityMinimumPeriodWorked
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R106: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:NumberOfReportableSegments
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: segment
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240974059 - Disclosure - SEGMENT INFORMATION - Narrative (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONNarrativeDetails
     shortName: SEGMENT INFORMATION - Narrative (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: INF
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:NumberOfOperatingSegments
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: segment
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R107: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:RevenueFromExternalCustomersByGeographicAreasTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240984060 - Disclosure - SEGMENT INFORMATION - Segment Data (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
     shortName: SEGMENT INFORMATION - Segment Data (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i02c98a491d8a40b88d2059603c22c333_D20180701-20190630
      decimals: -3
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R108: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:RevenueFromExternalCustomersByGeographicAreasTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240994061 - Disclosure - SEGMENT INFORMATION - Net Sales (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONNetSalesDetails
     shortName: SEGMENT INFORMATION - Net Sales (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:RevenueFromExternalCustomersByGeographicAreasTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i492631ed2a0f408b894d5f72c3cddffd_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R109: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEntityWideDisclosureOnGeographicAreasLongLivedAssetsInIndividualForeignCountriesByCountryTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:NoncurrentAssets
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 241004062 - Disclosure - SEGMENT INFORMATION - Long-lived Assets (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONLonglivedAssetsDetails
     shortName: SEGMENT INFORMATION - Long-lived Assets (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEntityWideDisclosureOnGeographicAreasLongLivedAssetsInIndividualForeignCountriesByCountryTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:NoncurrentAssets
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R11: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CompensationRelatedCostsGeneralTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 210111003 - Disclosure - FORMER CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER SUCCESSION PLAN
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FORMERCHIEFEXECUTIVEOFFICERSUCCESSIONPLAN
     shortName: FORMER CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER SUCCESSION PLAN
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CompensationRelatedCostsGeneralTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R110: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinesses
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 241024063 - Disclosure - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/RELATEDPARTYTRANSACTIONSDetails
     shortName: RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i5272a405139d4b20a30e8abc381937b8_D20210415-20210415
      decimals: -3
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinesses
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R12: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 210131004 - Disclosure - EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/EARNINGSLOSSPERSHARE
     shortName: EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:EarningsPerShareTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R13: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 210171005 - Disclosure - DISPOSITIONS
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONS
     shortName: DISPOSITIONS
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R14: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 210251006 - Disclosure - INVENTORIES
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INVENTORIES
     shortName: INVENTORIES
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:InventoryDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R15: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 210281007 - Disclosure - PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNET
     shortName: PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R16: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:LesseeFinanceLeasesTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 210321008 - Disclosure - LEASES
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASES
     shortName: LEASES
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:LesseeFinanceLeasesTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R17: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 210381009 - Disclosure - GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETS
     shortName: GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R18: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: hain:AccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlockTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 210451010 - Disclosure - ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/ACCRUEDEXPENSESANDOTHERCURRENTLIABILITIES
     shortName: ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: hain:AccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlockTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R19: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DebtDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 210481011 - Disclosure - DEBT AND BORROWINGS
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGS
     shortName: DEBT AND BORROWINGS
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DebtDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R2: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 100010002 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R20: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 210531012 - Disclosure - INCOME TAXES
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXES
     shortName: INCOME TAXES
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R21: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 210621013 - Disclosure - STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     shortName: STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R22: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 210661014 - Disclosure - STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION AND INCENTIVE PERFORMANCE PLANS
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANS
     shortName: STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION AND INCENTIVE PERFORMANCE PLANS
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R23: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:EquityMethodInvestmentsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 210741015 - Disclosure - INVESTMENTS
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INVESTMENTS
     shortName: INVESTMENTS
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:EquityMethodInvestmentsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R24: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 210761016 - Disclosure - FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FINANCIALINSTRUMENTSMEASUREDATFAIRVALUE
     shortName: FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R25: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 210801017 - Disclosure - DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIES
     shortName: DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R26: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 210881018 - Disclosure - TERMINATION BENEFITS RELATED TO PRODUCTIVITY AND TRANSFORMATION INITIATIVES
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/TERMINATIONBENEFITSRELATEDTOPRODUCTIVITYANDTRANSFORMATIONINITIATIVES
     shortName: TERMINATION BENEFITS RELATED TO PRODUCTIVITY AND TRANSFORMATION INITIATIVES
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R27: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 210911019 - Disclosure - COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COMMITMENTSANDCONTINGENCIES
     shortName: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R28: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 210931020 - Disclosure - DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEFINEDCONTRIBUTIONPLANS
     shortName: DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R29: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 210951021 - Disclosure - SEGMENT INFORMATION
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATION
     shortName: SEGMENT INFORMATION
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R3: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 100020003 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Parenthetical)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Parenthetical)
     subGroupType: parenthetical
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R30: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 211011022 - Disclosure - RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/RELATEDPARTYTRANSACTIONS
     shortName: RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R31: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 220042001 - Disclosure - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND PRACTICES (Policies)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPolicies
     shortName: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND PRACTICES (Policies)
     subGroupType: policies
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R32: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: hain:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 230053001 - Disclosure - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND PRACTICES (Tables)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESTables
     shortName: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND PRACTICES (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: hain:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R33: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 230143002 - Disclosure - EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE (Tables)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/EARNINGSLOSSPERSHARETables
     shortName: EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R34: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsIncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 230183003 - Disclosure - DISPOSITIONS (Tables)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTables
     shortName: DISPOSITIONS (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsIncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R35: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 230263004 - Disclosure - INVENTORIES (Tables)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INVENTORIESTables
     shortName: INVENTORIES (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R36: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 230293005 - Disclosure - PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET (Tables)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETTables
     shortName: PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R37: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:LeaseCostTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 230333006 - Disclosure - LEASES (Tables)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESTables
     shortName: LEASES (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:LeaseCostTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R38: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 230393007 - Disclosure - GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Tables)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSTables
     shortName: GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R39: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 230463008 - Disclosure - ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES (Tables)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/ACCRUEDEXPENSESANDOTHERCURRENTLIABILITIESTables
     shortName: ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R4: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:RevenueFromExternalCustomersByGeographicAreasTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 100030004 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:GrossProfit
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R40: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 230493009 - Disclosure - DEBT AND BORROWINGS (Tables)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSTables
     shortName: DEBT AND BORROWINGS (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R41: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 230543010 - Disclosure - INCOME TAXES (Tables)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESTables
     shortName: INCOME TAXES (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R42: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 230633011 - Disclosure - STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (Tables)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYTables
     shortName: STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R43: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 230673012 - Disclosure - STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION AND INCENTIVE PERFORMANCE PLANS (Tables)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSTables
     shortName: STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION AND INCENTIVE PERFORMANCE PLANS (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R44: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 230773013 - Disclosure - FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE (Tables)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FINANCIALINSTRUMENTSMEASUREDATFAIRVALUETables
     shortName: FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R45: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 230813014 - Disclosure - DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES (Tables)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESTables
     shortName: DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R46: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 230893015 - Disclosure - TERMINATION BENEFITS RELATED TO PRODUCTIVITY AND TRANSFORMATION INITIATIVES (Tables)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/TERMINATIONBENEFITSRELATEDTOPRODUCTIVITYANDTRANSFORMATIONINITIATIVESTables
     shortName: TERMINATION BENEFITS RELATED TO PRODUCTIVITY AND TRANSFORMATION INITIATIVES (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R47: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 230963016 - Disclosure - SEGMENT INFORMATION (Tables)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONTables
     shortName: SEGMENT INFORMATION (Tables)
     subGroupType: tables
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R48: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals: -1
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:NumberOfCountriesInWhichEntityOperates
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: country
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240024001 - Disclosure - DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DESCRIPTIONOFBUSINESSANDBASISOFPRESENTATIONDetails
     shortName: DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: null
    }
    R49: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals: -1
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:NumberOfCountriesInWhichEntityOperates
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: country
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240064002 - Disclosure - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND PRACTICES - Revenue Recognition (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESRevenueRecognitionDetails
     shortName: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND PRACTICES - Revenue Recognition (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:RevenuePerformanceObligationDescriptionOfTiming
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R5: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:NetIncomeLoss
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 100040005 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R50: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       us-gaap:ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: ia07e4a9937a747f688e73c3b5f3614ef_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: 2
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ConcentrationRiskPercentage1
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240074003 - Disclosure - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND PRACTICES - Valuation of Accounts and Chargebacks Receivable and Concentration of Credit Risk (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESValuationofAccountsandChargebacksReceivableandConcentrationofCreditRiskDetails
     shortName: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND PRACTICES - Valuation of Accounts and Chargebacks Receivable and Concentration of Credit Risk (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       us-gaap:ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: ia07e4a9937a747f688e73c3b5f3614ef_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: 2
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ConcentrationRiskPercentage1
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R51: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i2ebd664a5653489a8280f79bd4f7672a_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240084004 - Disclosure - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND PRACTICES - PPE Useful Life (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPPEUsefulLifeDetails
     shortName: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND PRACTICES - PPE Useful Life (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i2ebd664a5653489a8280f79bd4f7672a_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R52: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       us-gaap:TransfersAndServicingOfFinancialAssetsTransfersOfFinancialAssetsPolicy
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: hain:ProceedsFromTheSaleOfReceivablesInAFactoringArrangement
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240094005 - Disclosure - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND PRACTICES - Narrative (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESNarrativeDetails
     shortName: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND PRACTICES - Narrative (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       us-gaap:TransfersAndServicingOfFinancialAssetsTransfersOfFinancialAssetsPolicy
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: hain:ProceedsFromTheSaleOfReceivablesInAFactoringArrangement
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R53: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:StockholdersEquity
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240104006 - Disclosure - SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND PRACTICES - Recently Issued and Adopted Adopted Accounting Pronouncements (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESRecentlyIssuedandAdoptedAdoptedAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     shortName: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND PRACTICES - Recently Issued and Adopted Adopted Accounting Pronouncements (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: null
    }
    R54: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i7684c516b8614f158c43cb7d631b82ce_D20180624-20181104
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240124007 - Disclosure - FORMER CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER SUCCESSION PLAN (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FORMERCHIEFEXECUTIVEOFFICERSUCCESSIONPLANDetails
     shortName: FORMER CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER SUCCESSION PLAN (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i753f5ee15364452fb8fedf4a8565390c_D20180701-20190630
      decimals: -3
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OtherLaborRelatedExpenses
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R55: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240154008 - Disclosure - EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE - Computation of Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/EARNINGSLOSSPERSHAREComputationofBasicandDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
     shortName: EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE - Computation of Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R56: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: id425817e9c6c42fca526edbcd39d5b7c_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240164009 - Disclosure - EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE - Narrative (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/EARNINGSLOSSPERSHARENarrativeDetails
     shortName: EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE - Narrative (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       ix:continuation
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: id425817e9c6c42fca526edbcd39d5b7c_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R57: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinesses
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240194010 - Disclosure - DISPOSITIONS - Narrative (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
     shortName: DISPOSITIONS - Narrative (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i8a95a9a296624517b6d7112db4791e0e_I20210628
      decimals: -3
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationConsideration
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R58: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i8a95a9a296624517b6d7112db4791e0e_I20210628
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationInventory1
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240204011 - Disclosure - DISPOSITIONS - GG UniqueFiber Balance Sheet (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSGGUniqueFiberBalanceSheetDetails
     shortName: DISPOSITIONS - GG UniqueFiber Balance Sheet (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i8a95a9a296624517b6d7112db4791e0e_I20210628
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationInventory1
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R59: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: ief2a6dd610d74fb2b666d4897f524316_I20210415
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationInventory1
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240214012 - Disclosure - DISPOSITIONS - Dream and WestSoy Balance Sheet (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSDreamandWestSoyBalanceSheetDetails
     shortName: DISPOSITIONS - Dream and WestSoy Balance Sheet (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: ief2a6dd610d74fb2b666d4897f524316_I20210415
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationInventory1
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R6: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i8d8d72a047bf47108380e97cb6df29c4_I20180630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CommonStockSharesIssued
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 100050006 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i8d8d72a047bf47108380e97cb6df29c4_I20180630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CommonStockSharesIssued
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R60: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: icf09366575c44fa8975ccb698b357118_I20210113
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCashAndCashEquivalents
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240224013 - Disclosure - DISPOSITIONS - Fruit Business Balance Sheet (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails
     shortName: DISPOSITIONS - Fruit Business Balance Sheet (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: icf09366575c44fa8975ccb698b357118_I20210113
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCashAndCashEquivalents
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R61: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxAttributableToReportingEntity
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240234014 - Disclosure - DISPOSITIONS - Tilda Statement of Operations (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTildaStatementofOperationsDetails
     shortName: DISPOSITIONS - Tilda Statement of Operations (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i410d95f8d1e94c678a0757c68ca01e32_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationRevenue
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R62: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxAttributableToReportingEntity
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240244015 - Disclosure - DISPOSITIONS - Hain Pure Protein Statement of Operations (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSHainPureProteinStatementofOperationsDetails
     shortName: DISPOSITIONS - Hain Pure Protein Statement of Operations (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: icc314e9ab3ac4333be2822e14a7e6225_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationRevenue
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R63: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:InventoryFinishedGoods
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240274016 - Disclosure - INVENTORIES (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INVENTORIESDetails
     shortName: INVENTORIES (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:InventoryFinishedGoods
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R64: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndFinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetBeforeAccumulatedDepreciationAndAmortization
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240304017 - Disclosure - PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETDetails
     shortName: PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndFinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetBeforeAccumulatedDepreciationAndAmortization
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R65: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:Depreciation
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240314018 - Disclosure - PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET - Narrative (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETNarrativeDetails
     shortName: PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET - Narrative (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:Depreciation
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R66: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:LeaseCostTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseCost
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240344019 - Disclosure - LEASES - Lease Expense (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESLeaseExpenseDetails
     shortName: LEASES - Lease Expense (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:LeaseCostTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseCost
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R67: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240354020 - Disclosure - LEASES - Supplemental Balance Sheet Information (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     shortName: LEASES - Supplemental Balance Sheet Information (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       hain:AssetsAndLiabilitiesLesseeTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals: -3
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAsset
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R68: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeasePayments
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240364021 - Disclosure - LEASES - Other Information (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESOtherInformationDetails
     shortName: LEASES - Other Information (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OperatingLeasePayments
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R69: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:FinanceLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240374022 - Disclosure - LEASES - Maturities of Lease Liabilities (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     shortName: LEASES - Maturities of Lease Liabilities (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:FinanceLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R7: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       us-gaap:CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usdPerShare
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 100060007 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (Parenthetical)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITYParenthetical
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (Parenthetical)
     subGroupType: parenthetical
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i396c4e5beca74184b9989d548c90040e_I20190630
      decimals: INF
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usdPerShare
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R70: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:Goodwill
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240404023 - Disclosure - GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS - Changes in Carrying Amount of Goodwill (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSChangesinCarryingAmountofGoodwillDetails
     shortName: GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS - Changes in Carrying Amount of Goodwill (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:GoodwillForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R71: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:GoodwillWrittenOffRelatedToSaleOfBusinessUnit
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240414024 - Disclosure - GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS - Narrative (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSNarrativeDetails
     shortName: GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS - Narrative (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsRemainingAmortizationPeriod1
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R72: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240424025 - Disclosure - GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS - Components of Other Intangible Assets (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSComponentsofOtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
     shortName: GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS - Components of Other Intangible Assets (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R73: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: hain:AmortizationofAllIntangibleAssetsincludingthosenotacquiredinbusinesscombinations
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240434026 - Disclosure - GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS - Amortization Expense (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSAmortizationExpenseDetails
     shortName: GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS - Amortization Expense (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: hain:AmortizationofAllIntangibleAssetsincludingthosenotacquiredinbusinesscombinations
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R74: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240444027 - Disclosure - GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS - Expected Amortization Expense Over Next Five Fiscal Years (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSExpectedAmortizationExpenseOverNextFiveFiscalYearsDetails
     shortName: GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS - Expected Amortization Expense Over Next Five Fiscal Years (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R75: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: hain:PayrollEmployeeBenefitsandOtherAdministrativeAccruals
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240474028 - Disclosure - ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/ACCRUEDEXPENSESANDOTHERCURRENTLIABILITIESDetails
     shortName: ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: hain:PayrollEmployeeBenefitsandOtherAdministrativeAccruals
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R76: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OtherLongTermDebt
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240504029 - Disclosure - DEBT AND BORROWINGS - Components of Debt (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSComponentsofDebtDetails
     shortName: DEBT AND BORROWINGS - Components of Debt (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OtherLongTermDebt
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R77: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:InterestPaidNet
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240514030 - Disclosure - DEBT AND BORROWINGS - Credit Agreement (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSCreditAgreementDetails
     shortName: DEBT AND BORROWINGS - Credit Agreement (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:InterestPaidNet
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R78: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240524031 - Disclosure - DEBT AND BORROWINGS - Maturities of Debt Instruments (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSMaturitiesofDebtInstrumentsDetails
     shortName: DEBT AND BORROWINGS - Maturities of Debt Instruments (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R79: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240554032 - Disclosure - INCOME TAXES - Components of Income Before Income Taxes (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxesDetails
     shortName: INCOME TAXES - Components of Income Before Income Taxes (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R8: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:NetIncomeLoss
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: statement
     isDefault: false
     longName: 100070008 - Statement - CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     shortName: CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R80: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240564033 - Disclosure - INCOME TAXES - Provision for Income Taxes (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESProvisionforIncomeTaxesDetails
     shortName: INCOME TAXES - Provision for Income Taxes (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R81: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ProceedsFromIncomeTaxRefunds
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240574034 - Disclosure - INCOME TAXES - Narrative (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESNarrativeDetails
     shortName: INCOME TAXES - Narrative (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ProceedsFromIncomeTaxRefunds
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R82: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240584035 - Disclosure - INCOME TAXES - Reconciliation of Expected Income Taxes (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     shortName: INCOME TAXES - Reconciliation of Expected Income Taxes (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R83: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: hain:DeferredTaxAssetsInventoryNoncurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240594036 - Disclosure - INCOME TAXES - Components of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     shortName: INCOME TAXES - Components of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: hain:DeferredTaxAssetsInventoryNoncurrent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R84: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240604037 - Disclosure - INCOME TAXES - Changes in Valuation Allowances (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESChangesinValuationAllowancesDetails
     shortName: INCOME TAXES - Changes in Valuation Allowances (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:SummaryOfValuationAllowanceTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: icd1fd9a135e6423ab67be27095a7a84d_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R85: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:UnrecognizedTaxBenefits
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240614038 - Disclosure - INCOME TAXES - Unrecognized Tax Benefits Activity (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsActivityDetails
     shortName: INCOME TAXES - Unrecognized Tax Benefits Activity (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R86: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i936e276eb39b4a28ab5bf6170353dd82_I20210630
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:PreferredStockSharesAuthorized
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240644039 - Disclosure - STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY - Narrative (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYNarrativeDetails
     shortName: STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY - Narrative (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i94ff62287215407d9d8bea72eac8f09b_I20170621
      decimals: INF
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:StockRepurchaseProgramAuthorizedAmount1
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R87: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240654040 - Disclosure - STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY - Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
     shortName: STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY - Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R88: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: hain:SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardNumberofPlans
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: plan
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240684041 - Disclosure - STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION AND INCENTIVE PERFORMANCE PLANS (Narrative) (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     shortName: STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION AND INCENTIVE PERFORMANCE PLANS (Narrative) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: INF
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: hain:SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardNumberofPlans
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: plan
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R89: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i506b84097f0649ea9388eaad5c7a7be0_I20200630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240694042 - Disclosure - STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION AND INCENTIVE PERFORMANCE PLANS (Non-Vested Restricted Stock And Restricted Share Unit Awards) (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNonVestedRestrictedStockAndRestrictedShareUnitAwardsDetails
     shortName: STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION AND INCENTIVE PERFORMANCE PLANS (Non-Vested Restricted Stock And Restricted Share Unit Awards) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i5b844237cfed48ed8300fe1d7c124607_I20180630
      decimals: -3
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: shares
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R9: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:NatureOfOperations
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 210011001 - Disclosure - DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DESCRIPTIONOFBUSINESSANDBASISOFPRESENTATION
     shortName: DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: null
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:NatureOfOperations
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: null
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R90: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       hain:RestrictedStockGrantInformationTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i8c693842cb95483785032ad230095a8c_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: hain:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodTotalFairValue
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240704043 - Disclosure - STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION AND INCENTIVE PERFORMANCE PLANS (Restricted Stock Grant Information) (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSRestrictedStockGrantInformationDetails
     shortName: STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION AND INCENTIVE PERFORMANCE PLANS (Restricted Stock Grant Information) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       hain:RestrictedStockGrantInformationTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i8c693842cb95483785032ad230095a8c_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: hain:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodTotalFairValue
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R91: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: ib6d0843ef0a8433280cb94ce1a07ddb1_I20210630
      decimals: 2
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usdPerShare
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240714044 - Disclosure - STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION AND INCENTIVE PERFORMANCE PLANS (Weighted Average Assumptions Long-Term Incentive Program) (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSWeightedAverageAssumptionsLongTermIncentiveProgramDetails
     shortName: STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION AND INCENTIVE PERFORMANCE PLANS (Weighted Average Assumptions Long-Term Incentive Program) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i29afc881e3fd425195e1d27b52b0cc60_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: 4
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R92: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i53d689b99ace4d738e2d5f087915c5d4_I20181106
      decimals: 2
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usdPerShare
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240724045 - Disclosure - STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION AND INCENTIVE PERFORMANCE PLANS (Weighted Average Assumptions CEO Inducement Grant) (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSWeightedAverageAssumptionsCEOInducementGrantDetails
     shortName: STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION AND INCENTIVE PERFORMANCE PLANS (Weighted Average Assumptions CEO Inducement Grant) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       ix:continuation
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i9ce7cd39511f4e9095bd643917ba6129_D20181106-20181106
      decimals: 4
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R93: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i7684c516b8614f158c43cb7d631b82ce_D20180624-20181104
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240734046 - Disclosure - STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION AND INCENTIVE PERFORMANCE PLANS (Compensation Cost And Related Income Tax Benefits Recognized) (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSCompensationCostAndRelatedIncomeTaxBenefitsRecognizedDetails
     shortName: STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION AND INCENTIVE PERFORMANCE PLANS (Compensation Cost And Related Income Tax Benefits Recognized) (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R94: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i67912e4788a64b73b5f99a2c54cbb515_I20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:EquityMethodInvestments
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240754047 - Disclosure - INVESTMENTS (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INVESTMENTSDetails
     shortName: INVESTMENTS (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i67912e4788a64b73b5f99a2c54cbb515_I20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:EquityMethodInvestments
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R95: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsFairValueDisclosure
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240784048 - Disclosure - FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE - Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FINANCIALINSTRUMENTSMEASUREDATFAIRVALUEAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonaRecurringBasisDetails
     shortName: FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE - Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:CashAndCashEquivalentsFairValueDisclosure
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R96: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: icf4ab532360f4181abc0b12391fa832c_I20210630
      decimals: 2
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage
      reportCount: 1
      unitRef: number
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240794049 - Disclosure - FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE - Narrative (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FINANCIALINSTRUMENTSMEASUREDATFAIRVALUENarrativeDetails
     shortName: FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE - Narrative (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: null
    }
    R97: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: ifecc54130dff475784f849a07cd80e4a_D20210701-20220630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeGainLossReclassificationBeforeTax
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240824050 - Disclosure - DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES - Derivative Information (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESDerivativeInformationDetails
     shortName: DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES - Derivative Information (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       div
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: ifecc54130dff475784f849a07cd80e4a_D20210701-20220630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeGainLossReclassificationBeforeTax
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R98: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240834051 - Disclosure - DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES - Balance Sheet Location (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESBalanceSheetLocationDetails
     shortName: DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES - Balance Sheet Location (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       ix:continuation
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: ia57f13dcd47d4c4abe81feaddf5a3d16_I20200630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R99: {
     firstAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
     groupType: disclosure
     isDefault: false
     longName: 240844052 - Disclosure - DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES - Cash Flow Hedges and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (Details)
     role: http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESCashFlowHedgesandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
     shortName: DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES - Cash Flow Hedges and Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss (Details)
     subGroupType: details
     uniqueAnchor: {
      ancestors: [
       span
       td
       tr
       table
       div
       us-gaap:ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeTableTextBlock
       ix:continuation
       body
       html
      ]
      baseRef: hain-20210630.htm
      contextRef: i78c907be5c374f3b9f848753552d9a9b_D20200701-20210630
      decimals: -3
      first: true
      lang: en-US
      name: us-gaap:OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax
      reportCount: 1
      unique: true
      unitRef: usd
      xsiNil: false
     }
    }
    R9999: {
     firstAnchor: null
     groupType: 
     isDefault: false
     longName: Uncategorized Items - hain-20210630.htm
     role: http://xbrl.sec.gov/role/uncategorizedFacts
     shortName: Uncategorized Items - hain-20210630.htm
     subGroupType: 
     uniqueAnchor: null
    }
   }
   segmentCount: 136
   tag: {
    country_GB: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: UNITED KINGDOM
        terseLabel: United Kingdom
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GB
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONLonglivedAssetsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONNetSalesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    country_US: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: UNITED STATES
        terseLabel: United States
       }
      }
     }
     localname: US
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/country/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONLonglivedAssetsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONNetSalesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    dei_AmendmentFlag: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the XBRL content amends previously-filed or accepted submission.
        label: Amendment Flag
        terseLabel: Amendment Flag
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AmendmentFlag
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_CityAreaCode: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Area code of city
        label: City Area Code
        terseLabel: City Area Code
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CityAreaCode
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_CoverAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cover page.
        label: Cover [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Cover [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CoverAbstract
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    dei_CurrentFiscalYearEndDate: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: End date of current fiscal year in the format --MM-DD.
        label: Current Fiscal Year End Date
        terseLabel: Current Fiscal Year End Date
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentFiscalYearEndDate
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: gMonthDayItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentAnnualReport: {
     auth_ref: [
      r819
      r820
      r821
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as an annual report.
        label: Document Annual Report
        terseLabel: Document Annual Report
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentAnnualReport
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fiscal period values are FY, Q1, Q2, and Q3.  1st, 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1, Q2, and Q3 respectively, with 10-K, 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.
        label: Document Fiscal Period Focus
        terseLabel: Document Fiscal Period Focus
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentFiscalPeriodFocus
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: fiscalPeriodItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentFiscalYearFocus: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: This is focus fiscal year of the document report in YYYY format. For a 2006 annual report, which may also provide financial information from prior periods, fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.
        label: Document Fiscal Year Focus
        terseLabel: Document Fiscal Year Focus
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentFiscalYearFocus
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: gYearItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentPeriodEndDate: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: For the EDGAR submission types of Form 8-K: the date of the report, the date of the earliest event reported; for the EDGAR submission types of Form N-1A: the filing date; for all other submission types: the end of the reporting or transition period.  The format of the date is YYYY-MM-DD.
        label: Document Period End Date
        terseLabel: Document Period End Date
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentPeriodEndDate
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: dateItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentTransitionReport: {
     auth_ref: [
      r822
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true only for a form used as a transition report.
        label: Document Transition Report
        terseLabel: Document Transition Report
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentTransitionReport
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentType: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The type of document being provided (such as 10-K, 10-Q, 485BPOS, etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type, or the word 'Other'.
        label: Document Type
        terseLabel: Document Type
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentType
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: submissionTypeItemType
    }
    dei_DocumentsIncorporatedByReferenceTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r817
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Documents incorporated by reference.
        label: Documents Incorporated by Reference [Text Block]
        terseLabel: Documents Incorporated by Reference
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DocumentsIncorporatedByReferenceTextBlock
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    dei_EntityAddressAddressLine1: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Address Line 1 such as Attn, Building Name, Street Name
        label: Entity Address, Address Line One
        terseLabel: Entity Address, Address Line One
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityAddressAddressLine1
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_EntityAddressCityOrTown: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the City or Town
        label: Entity Address, City or Town
        terseLabel: Entity Address, City or Town
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityAddressCityOrTown
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_EntityAddressPostalZipCode: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Code for the postal or zip code
        label: Entity Address, Postal Zip Code
        terseLabel: Entity Address, Postal Zip Code
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityAddressPostalZipCode
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_EntityAddressStateOrProvince: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the state or province.
        label: Entity Address, State or Province
        terseLabel: Entity Address, State or Province
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityAddressStateOrProvince
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: stateOrProvinceItemType
    }
    dei_EntityCentralIndexKey: {
     auth_ref: [
      r823
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A unique 10-digit SEC-issued value to identify entities that have filed disclosures with the SEC. It is commonly abbreviated as CIK.
        label: Entity Central Index Key
        terseLabel: Entity Central Index Key
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityCentralIndexKey
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: centralIndexKeyItemType
    }
    dei_EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests, if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member], Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings, Instrument.
        label: Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding
        terseLabel: Entity Common Stock, Shares Outstanding
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityCommonStockSharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    dei_EntityCurrentReportingStatus: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports), and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
        label: Entity Current Reporting Status
        terseLabel: Entity Current Reporting Status
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityCurrentReportingStatus
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_EntityEmergingGrowthCompany: {
     auth_ref: [
      r823
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate if registrant meets the emerging growth company criteria.
        label: Entity Emerging Growth Company
        terseLabel: Entity Emerging Growth Company
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityEmergingGrowthCompany
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_EntityFileNumber: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Commission file number. The field allows up to 17 characters. The prefix may contain 1-3 digits, the sequence number may contain 1-8 digits, the optional suffix may contain 1-4 characters, and the fields are separated with a hyphen.
        label: Entity File Number
        terseLabel: Entity File Number
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityFileNumber
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: fileNumberItemType
    }
    dei_EntityFilerCategory: {
     auth_ref: [
      r823
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer, Accelerated Filer, Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.
        label: Entity Filer Category
        terseLabel: Entity Filer Category
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityFilerCategory
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: filerCategoryItemType
    }
    dei_EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Two-character EDGAR code representing the state or country of incorporation.
        label: Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code
        terseLabel: Entity Incorporation, State or Country Code
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityIncorporationStateCountryCode
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: edgarStateCountryItemType
    }
    dei_EntityInteractiveDataCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r824
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
        label: Entity Interactive Data Current
        terseLabel: Entity Interactive Data Current
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityInteractiveDataCurrent
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_EntityPublicFloat: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.
        label: Entity Public Float
        terseLabel: Entity Public Float
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityPublicFloat
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    dei_EntityRegistrantName: {
     auth_ref: [
      r823
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter, which is required by forms filed with the SEC.
        label: Entity Registrant Name
        terseLabel: Entity Registrant Name
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityRegistrantName
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_EntityShellCompany: {
     auth_ref: [
      r823
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Boolean flag that is true when the registrant is a shell company as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
        label: Entity Shell Company
        terseLabel: Entity Shell Company
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityShellCompany
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_EntitySmallBusiness: {
     auth_ref: [
      r823
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicates that the company is a Smaller Reporting Company (SRC).
        label: Entity Small Business
        terseLabel: Entity Small Business
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntitySmallBusiness
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_EntityTaxIdentificationNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r823
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The Tax Identification Number (TIN), also known as an Employer Identification Number (EIN), is a unique 9-digit value assigned by the IRS.
        label: Entity Tax Identification Number
        terseLabel: Entity Tax Identification Number
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityTaxIdentificationNumber
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: employerIdItemType
    }
    dei_EntityVoluntaryFilers: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.
        label: Entity Voluntary Filers
        terseLabel: Entity Voluntary Filers
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityVoluntaryFilers
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K, 10-Q, 8-K, 20-F, 6-K, 10-K/A, 10-Q/A, 20-F/A, 6-K/A, N-CSR, N-Q, N-1A.
        label: Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer
        terseLabel: Entity Well-known Seasoned Issuer
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityWellKnownSeasonedIssuer
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: yesNoItemType
    }
    dei_IcfrAuditorAttestationFlag: {
     auth_ref: [
      r819
      r820
      r821
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: ICFR Auditor Attestation Flag
        terseLabel: ICFR Auditor Attestation Flag
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IcfrAuditorAttestationFlag
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: booleanItemType
    }
    dei_LocalPhoneNumber: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Local phone number for entity.
        label: Local Phone Number
        terseLabel: Local Phone Number
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LocalPhoneNumber
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: normalizedStringItemType
    }
    dei_Security12bTitle: {
     auth_ref: [
      r816
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Title of a 12(b) registered security.
        label: Title of 12(b) Security
        terseLabel: Title of 12(b) Security
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Security12bTitle
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: securityTitleItemType
    }
    dei_SecurityExchangeName: {
     auth_ref: [
      r818
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of the Exchange on which a security is registered.
        label: Security Exchange Name
        terseLabel: Security Exchange Name
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SecurityExchangeName
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: edgarExchangeCodeItemType
    }
    dei_TradingSymbol: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Trading symbol of an instrument as listed on an exchange.
        label: Trading Symbol
        terseLabel: Trading Symbol
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TradingSymbol
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/dei/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COVER
     ]
     xbrltype: tradingSymbolItemType
    }
    hain_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accounts Payable, Accrued Liabilities and Other Noncurrent Liabilities
        label: Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities and Other Noncurrent Liabilities [Member]
        terseLabel: Accrued expenses and other current liabilities / Other noncurrent liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesAndOtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESBalanceSheetLocationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_AccruedFacilityFreightandWarehousingCostsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/ACCRUEDEXPENSESANDOTHERCURRENTLIABILITIESDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accrued Facility, Freight and Warehousing Costs, Current
        label: Accrued Facility, Freight and Warehousing Costs, Current
        terseLabel: Facility, freight and warehousing accruals
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccruedFacilityFreightandWarehousingCostsCurrent
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/ACCRUEDEXPENSESANDOTHERCURRENTLIABILITIESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrentMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accrued Liabilities, Current
        label: Accrued Liabilities, Current [Member]
        terseLabel: Accrued expenses and other liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccruedLiabilitiesCurrentMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_AccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlockTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accrued Liabilities Disclosure Current Text Block [Text Block]
        label: Accrued Liabilities Disclosure Current Text Block [Text Block]
        terseLabel: ACCRUED EXPENSES AND OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccruedLiabilitiesDisclosureCurrentTextBlockTextBlock
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/ACCRUEDEXPENSESANDOTHERCURRENTLIABILITIES
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    hain_AchievementAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Achievement [Axis]
        label: Achievement [Axis]
        terseLabel: Achievement [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AchievementAxis
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    hain_AchievementDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Achievement [Domain]
        label: Achievement [Domain]
        terseLabel: Achievement [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AchievementDomain
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_AdditionsToValuationAllowanceMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Additions To Valuation Allowance [Member]
        label: Additions To Valuation Allowance [Member]
        terseLabel: Additions charged to income tax expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdditionsToValuationAllowanceMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESChangesinValuationAllowancesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_AllOtherLocationsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: All Other Locations [Member]
        label: All Other Locations [Member]
        terseLabel: All Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AllOtherLocationsMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONLonglivedAssetsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONNetSalesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_AmortizationofAllIntangibleAssetsincludingthosenotacquiredinbusinesscombinations: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amortization of All Intangible Assets including those not acquired in business combinations
        label: Amortization of All Intangible Assets including those not acquired in business combinations
        terseLabel: Amortization of intangible assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AmortizationofAllIntangibleAssetsincludingthosenotacquiredinbusinesscombinations
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSAmortizationExpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_ArrowheadAndSunspireMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Arrowhead and Sunspire
        label: Arrowhead and Sunspire [Member]
        terseLabel: Arrowhead and Sunspire
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ArrowheadAndSunspireMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_AssetsAndLiabilitiesLesseeTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Assets And Liabilities, Lessee [Table Text Block]
        label: Assets And Liabilities, Lessee [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Supplemental Balance Sheet Information
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsAndLiabilitiesLesseeTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    hain_BabyFoodLitigationMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Baby Food Litigation
        label: Baby Food Litigation [Member]
        terseLabel: Baby Food Litigation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BabyFoodLitigationMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COMMITMENTSANDCONTINGENCIESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_BabyFoodLitigationPersonalInjuryMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Baby Food Litigation, Personal Injury
        label: Baby Food Litigation, Personal Injury [Member]
        terseLabel: Baby Food Litigation, Personal Injury
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BabyFoodLitigationPersonalInjuryMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COMMITMENTSANDCONTINGENCIESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_BarnesComplaintMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Barnes Complaint [Member]
        label: Barnes Complaint [Member]
        terseLabel: Barnes Complaint
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BarnesComplaintMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COMMITMENTSANDCONTINGENCIESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_CapitalLeasesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Capital Leases
        label: Capital Leases [Member]
        terseLabel: Capital Leases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CapitalLeasesMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_CashPaidForAmountsIncludedInTheMeasurementOfLeaseLiabilitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities
        label: Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashPaidForAmountsIncludedInTheMeasurementOfLeaseLiabilitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESOtherInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    hain_ChiefExecutiveOfficerSuccessionPlanExpenseNet: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan Expense, Net
        label: Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan Expense, Net
        terseLabel: Former Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ChiefExecutiveOfficerSuccessionPlanExpenseNet
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_ChiefExecutiveOfficerSuccessionPlanExpenseNetMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan Expense, Net [Member]
        label: Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan Expense, Net [Member]
        terseLabel: Former Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ChiefExecutiveOfficerSuccessionPlanExpenseNetMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FORMERCHIEFEXECUTIVEOFFICERSUCCESSIONPLANDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSCompensationCostAndRelatedIncomeTaxBenefitsRecognizedDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_ConsolidatedLeverageRatioUpperLimit: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Consolidated Leverage Ratio Upper Limit
        label: Consolidated Leverage Ratio Upper Limit
        verboseLabel: Consolidated leverage ratio
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConsolidatedLeverageRatioUpperLimit
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSCreditAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: pureItemType
    }
    hain_CreditAgreementMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Credit Agreement [Member]
        label: Credit Agreement [Member]
        terseLabel: Credit Agreement
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CreditAgreementMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSComponentsofDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_CustomerOneMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Customer One [Member]
        label: Customer One [Member]
        terseLabel: First Customer
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CustomerOneMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESValuationofAccountsandChargebacksReceivableandConcentrationofCreditRiskDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_CustomerTwoMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Customer Two [Member]
        label: Customer Two [Member]
        terseLabel: Second Customer
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CustomerTwoMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESValuationofAccountsandChargebacksReceivableandConcentrationofCreditRiskDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_DanivalMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Danival
        label: Danival [Member]
        terseLabel: Danival
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DanivalMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_DeferredTaxAssetLiabilityLeasingArrangementsNet: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred Tax Asset (Liability), Leasing Arrangements, Net
        label: Deferred Tax Asset (Liability), Leasing Arrangements, Net
        negatedTerseLabel: Lease liability
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetLiabilityLeasingArrangementsNet
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_DeferredTaxAssetsAssociatedWithDisposalMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred Tax Assets Associated with Disposal
        label: Deferred Tax Assets Associated with Disposal [Member]
        terseLabel: Valuation allowance, Danival
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsAssociatedWithDisposalMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_DeferredTaxAssetsAssociatedWithUnitedKingdomTaxRateChangeMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred Tax Assets Associated with United Kingdom Tax Rate Change
        label: Deferred Tax Assets Associated with United Kingdom Tax Rate Change [Member]
        terseLabel: Valuation allowance, UK rate change
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsAssociatedWithUnitedKingdomTaxRateChangeMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_DeferredTaxAssetsInventoryNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred Tax Assets, Inventory, Noncurrent
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Inventory, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Basis difference on inventory
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsInventoryNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_DeferredTaxAssetsNetOperatingLossAndTaxCreditCarryforwards: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 8.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred Tax Assets Net Operating Loss And Tax Credit Carryforwards
        label: Deferred Tax Assets Net Operating Loss And Tax Credit Carryforwards
        terseLabel: Net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsNetOperatingLossAndTaxCreditCarryforwards
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesandAccrualsLossReservesNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Deferred Expense, Reserves and Accruals, Loss Reserves, Noncurrent
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Deferred Expense, Reserves and Accruals, Loss Reserves, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Reserves not currently deductible
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseReservesandAccrualsLossReservesNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesRightOfUseAssets: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Right of Use Assets
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Right of Use Assets
        negatedTerseLabel: Lease ROU assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesRightOfUseAssets
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_DefinedContributionPlanEligibilityMinimumPeriodWorked: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Defined Contribution Plan Eligibility Minimum Period Worked
        label: Defined Contribution Plan Eligibility Minimum Period Worked
        terseLabel: Defined contribution plan eligibility minimum days worked (days)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedContributionPlanEligibilityMinimumPeriodWorked
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DefinedContributionPlansDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    hain_DiscontinuedOperationLetterOfCredit: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Discontinued Operation, Letter Of Credit
        label: Discontinued Operation, Letter Of Credit
        terseLabel: Letter of credit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DiscontinuedOperationLetterOfCredit
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_DiscontinuedOperationLetterOfCreditPercentOfMaximumDraw: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Discontinued Operation, Letter Of Credit, Percent Of Maximum Draw
        label: Discontinued Operation, Letter Of Credit, Percent Of Maximum Draw
        terseLabel: Percent of maximum draw
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DiscontinuedOperationLetterOfCreditPercentOfMaximumDraw
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    hain_DisposalGroupDiscontinuedOperationsLossGainOnWriteDown: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disposal Group, Discontinued Operations, Loss (Gain) on Write-down
        label: Disposal Group, Discontinued Operations, Loss (Gain) on Write-down
        terseLabel: Pre-tax loss (gain) from reducing the carrying value to estimated fair value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupDiscontinuedOperationsLossGainOnWriteDown
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAllowanceForReductionOfAssetsHeldForSale: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Allowance for Reduction of Assets Held for Sale
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Allowance for Reduction of Assets Held for Sale
        negatedTerseLabel: Allowance for reduction of assets held for sale
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAllowanceForReductionOfAssetsHeldForSale
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAssetImpairments: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSHainPureProteinStatementofOperationsDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Asset Impairments
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Asset Impairments
        terseLabel: Asset impairments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAssetImpairments
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSHainPureProteinStatementofOperationsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationFinalPurchasePrice: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Final Purchase Price
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Final Purchase Price
        terseLabel: Final purchase price for sale of business
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationFinalPurchasePrice
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOperatingLeaseLeaseLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSGGUniqueFiberBalanceSheetDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Operating Lease, Lease Liabilities
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Operating Lease, Lease Liabilities
        terseLabel: Operating lease liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOperatingLeaseLeaseLiabilities
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSGGUniqueFiberBalanceSheetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOperatingLeaseRightOfUseAssets: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails: {
       order: 9.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSGGUniqueFiberBalanceSheetDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Operating Lease, Right-of-use Assets
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Operating Lease, Right-of-use Assets
        terseLabel: Operating lease right-of-use assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOperatingLeaseRightOfUseAssets
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSGGUniqueFiberBalanceSheetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_DreamAndWestSoyMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Dream and WestSoy
        label: Dream and WestSoy [Member]
        terseLabel: Dream and WestSoy
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DreamAndWestSoyMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSDreamandWestSoyBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/RELATEDPARTYTRANSACTIONSDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_DreamBusinessMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Dream Business
        label: Dream Business [Member]
        terseLabel: Dream Business
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DreamBusinessMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationGlobalIntangibleLowTaxedIncomePercent: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Global Intangible Low Taxed Income, Percent
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Global Intangible Low Taxed Income, Percent
        terseLabel: U.S. tax (benefit) on foreign earnings
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationGlobalIntangibleLowTaxedIncomePercent
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    hain_EffectiveIncomeTaxReconciliationCARESActAmount: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Effective Income Tax Reconciliation, CARES Act, amount
        label: Effective Income Tax Reconciliation, CARES Act, amount
        terseLabel: CARES Act
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxReconciliationCARESActAmount
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_EffectiveIncomeTaxReconciliationCARESActPercent: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 9.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Effective Income Tax Reconciliation, CARES Act, Percent
        label: Effective Income Tax Reconciliation, CARES Act, Percent
        terseLabel: CARES Act
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxReconciliationCARESActPercent
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: pureItemType
    }
    hain_EffectiveTaxReconciliationGlobalIntangibleLowTaxedIncomeAmount: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 10.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Effective Tax Reconciliation, Global Intangible Low Taxed Income, Amount
        label: Effective Tax Reconciliation, Global Intangible Low Taxed Income, Amount
        terseLabel: U.S. tax (benefit) on foreign earnings
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveTaxReconciliationGlobalIntangibleLowTaxedIncomeAmount
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitRealizedFromRestrictedSharesVesting: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Employee service share-based compensation, tax benefit realized from restricted shares vesting
        label: Employee Service Share-Based Compensation, Tax Benefit Realized From Restricted Shares Vesting
        verboseLabel: Tax benefit recognized from restricted stock vesting
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitRealizedFromRestrictedSharesVesting
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSRestrictedStockGrantInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_EquityInducementAwardProgram2019Member: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equity Inducement Award Program 2019 [Member]
        label: Equity Inducement Award Program 2019 [Member]
        terseLabel: 2019 Equity Inducement Award Program
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityInducementAwardProgram2019Member
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_EurocurrencyRateMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Eurocurrency Rate [Member]
        label: Eurocurrency Rate [Member]
        terseLabel: Eurocurrency Rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EurocurrencyRateMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSCreditAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_EuropesBestAndCasbahMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Europe's Best And Casbah
        label: Europe's Best And Casbah [Member]
        terseLabel: Europe's Best And Casbah
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EuropesBestAndCasbahMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_ExecutiveIncentivePlanMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Executive Incentive Plan [Member]
        label: Executive Incentive Plan [Member]
        terseLabel: Executive Incentive Plan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ExecutiveIncentivePlanMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_FinanceLeaseCost: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESLeaseExpenseDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LeaseCost
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Finance Lease, Cost
        label: Finance Lease, Cost
        terseLabel: Finance lease expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseCost
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESLeaseExpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_FormerChiefExecutiveOfficerMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Former Chief Executive Officer [Member]
        label: Former Chief Executive Officer [Member]
        terseLabel: Former CEO
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FormerChiefExecutiveOfficerMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FORMERCHIEFEXECUTIVEOFFICERSUCCESSIONPLANDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_FormerDirectorMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Former Director
        label: Former Director [Member]
        terseLabel: Former Director
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FormerDirectorMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/RELATEDPARTYTRANSACTIONSDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_FoundersTableMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Chop't [Member]
        label: Founders Table [Member]
        terseLabel: Founders Table
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FoundersTableMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INVESTMENTSDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_FruitBusinessMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fruit Business
        label: Fruit Business [Member]
        terseLabel: Fruit Business
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FruitBusinessMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_GGUniqueFIberMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: GG UniqueFIber
        label: GG UniqueFIber [Member]
        terseLabel: GG UniqueFIber
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GGUniqueFIberMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSGGUniqueFiberBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_GainLossOnPreviousDispositionOfAssets: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Gain (Loss) on Previous Disposition of Assets
        label: Gain (Loss) on Previous Disposition of Assets
        terseLabel: Gain (loss) on previous disposition of assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GainLossOnPreviousDispositionOfAssets
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_GainOnBusinessInterruptionInsuranceRecoveryRecognized: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Gain on Business Interruption Insurance Recovery, Recognized
        label: Gain on Business Interruption Insurance Recovery, Recognized
        terseLabel: Proceeds from insurance claim recognized
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GainOnBusinessInterruptionInsuranceRecoveryRecognized
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_GainOnBusinessInterruptionInsuranceRecoveryToBeRecognized: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Gain on Business Interruption Insurance Recovery to be Recognized
        label: Gain on Business Interruption Insurance Recovery to be Recognized
        terseLabel: Proceeds from insurance claim to be recognized
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GainOnBusinessInterruptionInsuranceRecoveryToBeRecognized
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_GroceryMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Grocery [Member]
        label: Grocery [Member]
        terseLabel: Grocery
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GroceryMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONNetSalesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_HHOHainFutureAndYeoHiapSengLimitedMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: HHO, Hain Future, and Yeo Hiap Seng Limited
        label: HHO, Hain Future, and Yeo Hiap Seng Limited [Member]
        terseLabel: HHO, Hain Future, and Yeo Hiap Seng Limited
       }
      }
     }
     localname: HHOHainFutureAndYeoHiapSengLimitedMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INVESTMENTSDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_HPPCAndEKHoldingsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: HPPC And EK Holdings [Member]
        label: HPPC And EK Holdings [Member]
        terseLabel: HPPC and EK Holdings
       }
      }
     }
     localname: HPPCAndEKHoldingsMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_HainPureProteinMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Hain Pure Protein [Member]
        label: Hain Pure Protein [Member]
        terseLabel: Hain Pure Protein
       }
      }
     }
     localname: HainPureProteinMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSHainPureProteinStatementofOperationsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwillMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Impairment of Intangible Assets (Excluding Goodwill)
        label: Impairment of Intangible Assets (Excluding Goodwill) [Member]
        terseLabel: Long-lived asset and intangibles impairment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwillMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESLeaseExpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitCARESACT: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Income Tax Expense (Benefit), CARES ACT
        label: Income Tax Expense (Benefit), CARES ACT
        negatedTerseLabel: Income tax benefit, CARES Act
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitCARESACT
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDiscontinuedOperationsCARESAct: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Income Tax Expense (Benefit), Discontinued Operations, CARES Act
        label: Income Tax Expense (Benefit), Discontinued Operations, CARES Act
        negatedTerseLabel: Income tax benefit, discontinued operations, CARES Act
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitDiscontinuedOperationsCARESAct
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitGrossCARESAct: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Income Tax Expense (Benefit), Gross, CARES Act
        label: Income Tax Expense (Benefit), Gross, CARES Act
        negatedTerseLabel: Income tax benefit, gross, CARES Act
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitGrossCARESAct
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_IncomeTaxRefundReceivableExpenseBenefitCARESAct: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Income Tax Refund Receivable, Expense (Benefit), CARES Act
        label: Income Tax Refund Receivable, Expense (Benefit), CARES Act
        negatedTerseLabel: Income tax refund receivable, benefit, CARES Act
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxRefundReceivableExpenseBenefitCARESAct
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_IntangibleAssetsNetAccumulatedImpairmentCharges: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Intangible Assets, Net, Accumulated Impairment Charges
        label: Intangible Assets, Net, Accumulated Impairment Charges
        terseLabel: Accumulated impairment charges
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IntangibleAssetsNetAccumulatedImpairmentCharges
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSComponentsofOtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_InterestCoverageRatio: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Interest Coverage Ratio
        label: Interest Coverage Ratio
        terseLabel: Interest coverage ratio
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestCoverageRatio
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSCreditAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: pureItemType
    }
    hain_InterestandOtherExpensesNet: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Interest and Other Expenses, Net
        label: Interest and Other Expenses, Net
        terseLabel: Interest and other financing expense, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestandOtherExpensesNet
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_InternationalSegmentMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: International Segment [Member]
        label: International Segment [Member]
        terseLabel: International
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InternationalSegmentMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSChangesinCarryingAmountofGoodwillDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_IntraentityforeigncurrencytransactionsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Intra-entity foreign currency transactions [Member]
        label: Intra-entity foreign currency transactions [Member]
        terseLabel: Intra-entity foreign currency transactions
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IntraentityforeigncurrencytransactionsMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_LeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails_1: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: hain_LeaseLiabilityPaymentDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lease, Liability
        label: Lease, Liability
        totalLabel: Total lease liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeaseLiability
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_LeaseLiabilityPaymentDue: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails_1: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails_2: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lease, Liability, Payment, Due
        label: Lease, Liability, Payment, Due
        totalLabel: Total lease payments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeaseLiabilityPaymentDue
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_LeaseLiabilityToBePaidAfterYearFive: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: hain_LeaseLiabilityPaymentDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lease, Liability, to be Paid, after Year Five
        label: Lease, Liability, to be Paid, after Year Five
        totalLabel: Thereafter
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeaseLiabilityToBePaidAfterYearFive
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_LeaseLiabilityToBePaidYearFive: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: hain_LeaseLiabilityPaymentDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year Five
        label: Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year Five
        totalLabel: Year five
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeaseLiabilityToBePaidYearFive
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_LeaseLiabilityToBePaidYearFour: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: hain_LeaseLiabilityPaymentDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year Four
        label: Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year Four
        totalLabel: Year four
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeaseLiabilityToBePaidYearFour
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_LeaseLiabilityToBePaidYearOne: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: hain_LeaseLiabilityPaymentDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year One
        label: Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year One
        totalLabel: Year one
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeaseLiabilityToBePaidYearOne
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_LeaseLiabilityToBePaidYearThree: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: hain_LeaseLiabilityPaymentDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year Three
        label: Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year Three
        totalLabel: Year three
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeaseLiabilityToBePaidYearThree
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_LeaseLiabilityToBePaidYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: hain_LeaseLiabilityPaymentDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year Two
        label: Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year Two
        totalLabel: Year two
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeaseLiabilityToBePaidYearTwo
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_LeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails_1: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: hain_LeaseLiabilityPaymentDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lease, Liability, Undiscounted Excess Amount
        label: Lease, Liability, Undiscounted Excess Amount
        totalLabel: Less: Imputed interest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_LeaseRightofUseAsset: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lease, Right-of-Use Asset
        label: Lease, Right-of-Use Asset
        totalLabel: Total leased assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeaseRightofUseAsset
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_LesseeLeaseLiabilityPaymentDueAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Lessee, Lease, Liability, Payment, Due
        label: Lessee, Lease, Liability, Payment, Due [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeLeaseLiabilityPaymentDueAbstract
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    hain_LineofCreditFacilityAdditionalBorrowingCapacity: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line of Credit Facility, Additional Borrowing Capacity
        label: Line of Credit Facility, Additional Borrowing Capacity
        terseLabel: Additional borrowing capacity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineofCreditFacilityAdditionalBorrowingCapacity
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSCreditAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_LongLivedAndIntangibleAssetImpairmentCharges: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Long-Lived and Intangible Asset Impairment Charges
        label: Long-Lived and Intangible Asset Impairment Charges
        terseLabel: Long-lived asset and intangibles impairment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongLivedAndIntangibleAssetImpairmentCharges
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_LongTermIncentivePlan20162018Member: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Long Term Incentive Plan 2016-2018 [Member]
        label: Long Term Incentive Plan 2016-2018 [Member]
        terseLabel: 2016-2018 LTIP
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermIncentivePlan20162018Member
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FORMERCHIEFEXECUTIVEOFFICERSUCCESSIONPLANDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_LongTermIncentivePlan20182020Member: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Long Term Incentive Plan 2018-2020 [Member]
        label: Long Term Incentive Plan 2018-2020 [Member]
        terseLabel: 2018-2020 LTIP
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermIncentivePlan20182020Member
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_LongTermIncentivePlan20192021Member: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Long Term Incentive Plan 2019-2021 [Member]
        label: Long Term Incentive Plan 2019-2021 [Member]
        terseLabel: 2019-2021 LTIP
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermIncentivePlan20192021Member
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSWeightedAverageAssumptionsLongTermIncentiveProgramDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_LongTermIncentivePlanMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Long Term Incentive Plan [Member]
        label: Long Term Incentive Plan [Member]
        terseLabel: Long Term Incentive Plan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermIncentivePlanMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_LossContingencyComplaintsAllegingInjuryNumber: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Loss Contingency, Complaints Alleging Injury, Number
        label: Loss Contingency, Complaints Alleging Injury, Number
        terseLabel: Number of complaints alleging injury
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LossContingencyComplaintsAllegingInjuryNumber
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COMMITMENTSANDCONTINGENCIESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    hain_LossContingencyComplaintsSeekingReliefNumber: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Loss Contingency, Complaints Seeking Relief, Number
        label: Loss Contingency, Complaints Seeking Relief, Number
        terseLabel: Number of complaints seeking relief
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LossContingencyComplaintsSeekingReliefNumber
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COMMITMENTSANDCONTINGENCIESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    hain_NetCashProvidedByUsedinDiscontinuedOperationsIncludingExchangeRateEffect: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Net Cash Provided By (Used in) Discontinued Operations, Including Exchange Rate Effect
        label: Net Cash Provided By (Used in) Discontinued Operations, Including Exchange Rate Effect
        totalLabel: Net cash used in discontinued operations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedinDiscontinuedOperationsIncludingExchangeRateEffect
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_NorthAmericaSegmentMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: North America Segment [Member]
        label: North America Segment [Member]
        terseLabel: North America
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NorthAmericaSegmentMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSChangesinCarryingAmountofGoodwillDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_OfficersCompensationContinuationCost: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Officers Compensation, Continuation Cost
        label: Officers Compensation, Continuation Cost
        terseLabel: Continuation costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OfficersCompensationContinuationCost
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FORMERCHIEFEXECUTIVEOFFICERSUCCESSIONPLANDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_OperatingAndFinanceLeaseImpairmentLoss: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Operating and Finance Lease, Impairment Loss
        label: Operating and Finance Lease, Impairment Loss
        terseLabel: Operating and finance lease, ROU asset impairment charge
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingAndFinanceLeaseImpairmentLoss
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESLeaseExpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_OperatingLossCarrybackCARESAct: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Operating Loss Carryback, CARES Act
        label: Operating Loss Carryback, CARES Act
        terseLabel: Operating loss carryback, CARES Act
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLossCarrybackCARESAct
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_OperatingLossCarryforwardsAndOtherStateMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Operating Loss Carryforwards and Other, State
        label: Operating Loss Carryforwards and Other, State [Member]
        terseLabel: State Tax Loss Carryovers and Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLossCarryforwardsAndOtherStateMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeDeferredGainLossBeforeReclassificationAfterTax: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Cash Flow Hedge, Deferred Gain (Loss), before Reclassification, after Tax
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Cash Flow Hedge, Deferred Gain (Loss), before Reclassification, after Tax
        totalLabel: Change in deferred gains (losses) on cash flow hedging instruments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeDeferredGainLossBeforeReclassificationAfterTax
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeDeferredGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Cash Flow Hedge, Deferred Gain (Loss), before Reclassification and Tax
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Cash Flow Hedge, Deferred Gain (Loss), before Reclassification and Tax
        terseLabel: Change in deferred gains (losses) on cash flow hedging instruments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeDeferredGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeDeferredGainLossBeforeReclassificationTax: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Cash Flow Hedge, Deferred Gain (Loss), before Reclassification, Tax
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Cash Flow Hedge, Deferred Gain (Loss), before Reclassification, Tax
        negatedLabel: Change in deferred gains (losses) on cash flow hedging instruments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeDeferredGainLossBeforeReclassificationTax
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetInvestmentHedgeReclassificationBeforeTax: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Net Investment Hedge, Reclassification, before Tax
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Net Investment Hedge, Reclassification, before Tax
        negatedTerseLabel: Change in deferred (losses) gains on net investment hedging instruments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetInvestmentHedgeReclassificationBeforeTax
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetInvestmentHedgeReclassificationNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net Investment Hedge, Reclassification, Net of Tax
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net Investment Hedge, Reclassification, Net of Tax
        negatedTotalLabel: Change in deferred (losses) gains on net investment hedging instruments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetInvestmentHedgeReclassificationNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetInvestmentHedgeReclassificationTax: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net Investment Hedge, Reclassification, Tax
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net Investment Hedge, Reclassification, Tax
        negatedTerseLabel: Change in deferred (losses) gains on net investment hedging instruments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetInvestmentHedgeReclassificationTax
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_PayrollEmployeeBenefitsandOtherAdministrativeAccruals: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/ACCRUEDEXPENSESANDOTHERCURRENTLIABILITIESDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Payroll, Employee Benefits and Other Administrative Accruals
        label: Payroll, Employee Benefits and Other Administrative Accruals
        terseLabel: Payroll, employee benefits and other administrative accruals
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PayrollEmployeeBenefitsandOtherAdministrativeAccruals
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/ACCRUEDEXPENSESANDOTHERCURRENTLIABILITIESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_PersonalCareMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Personal Care [Member]
        label: Personal Care [Member]
        terseLabel: Personal Care
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PersonalCareMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONNetSalesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_PlainvilleFarmsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Plainville Farms [Member]
        label: Plainville Farms [Member]
        terseLabel: Plainville Farms
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PlainvilleFarmsMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_ProceedsFromDiscontinuedOperations: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Proceeds from Discontinued Operations
        label: Proceeds from Discontinued Operations
        terseLabel: Proceeds from discontinued operations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromDiscontinuedOperations
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_ProceedsFromTheSaleOfReceivablesInAFactoringArrangement: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Proceeds from the Sale of Receivables in a Factoring Arrangement
        label: Proceeds from the Sale of Receivables in a Factoring Arrangement
        terseLabel: Proceeds from the sale of receivables in a factoring arrangement
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromTheSaleOfReceivablesInAFactoringArrangement
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_ProductivityAndTransformationCostsInitiativeMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Productivity and Transformation Costs Initiative
        label: Productivity and Transformation Costs Initiative [Member]
        terseLabel: Productivity and Transformation Costs Initiative
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProductivityAndTransformationCostsInitiativeMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/TERMINATIONBENEFITSRELATEDTOPRODUCTIVITYANDTRANSFORMATIONINITIATIVESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Property, Plant and Equipment, Estimated Useful Lives
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Estimated Useful Lives [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of Property, Plant, and Equipment Useful Lives
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentEstimatedUsefulLivesTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    hain_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentRemovalOfMachineryExpense: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Property Plant And Equipment, Removal Of Machinery Expense
        label: Property Plant And Equipment, Removal Of Machinery Expense
        terseLabel: Productivity and transformation costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentRemovalOfMachineryExpense
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_ROUAssetsObtainedInExchangeForLeaseObligationAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease obligation
        label: ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease obligation [Abstract]
        terseLabel: ROU assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ROUAssetsObtainedInExchangeForLeaseObligationAbstract
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESOtherInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    hain_RSAsRSUsAndPSUsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: RSAs, RSUs, and PSUs
        label: RSAs, RSUs, and PSUs [Member]
        terseLabel: RSAs, RSUs, and PSUs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RSAsRSUsAndPSUsMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_ReductionsToValuationAllowanceMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reductions to Valuation Allowance [Member]
        label: Reductions to Valuation Allowance [Member]
        terseLabel: Reductions credited to income tax expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReductionsToValuationAllowanceMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESChangesinValuationAllowancesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_RestrictedStockAndOptionsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Restricted Stock and Options
        label: Restricted Stock and Options [Member]
        terseLabel: Restricted Stock and Options
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestrictedStockAndOptionsMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/EARNINGSLOSSPERSHARENarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_RestrictedStockGrantInformationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Restricted stock grant information [Table Text Block].
        label: Restricted stock grant information [Table Text Block]
        verboseLabel: Restricted Stock Grant Information
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestrictedStockGrantInformationTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    hain_ReversalOfUndistributedEarningsOfForeignSubsidiaries: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reversal of Undistributed Earnings of Foreign Subsidiaries
        label: Reversal of Undistributed Earnings of Foreign Subsidiaries
        terseLabel: Reversal of undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReversalOfUndistributedEarningsOfForeignSubsidiaries
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_RudisMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Rudis [Member]
        label: Rudis [Member]
        terseLabel: Rudi\u2019s
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RudisMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Valuation Assumptions
        label: Schedule of Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Valuation Assumptions [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Average Assumptions
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsValuationAssumptionsTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    hain_SecondAmendedandRestatedCreditAgreementMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement [Member]
        label: Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement [Member]
        terseLabel: Credit Agreement
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SecondAmendedandRestatedCreditAgreementMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSCreditAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_SecuritiesComplaintsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Securities Complaints [Member]
        label: Securities Complaints [Member]
        terseLabel: Securities Complaints
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SecuritiesComplaintsMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COMMITMENTSANDCONTINGENCIESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_SellingandMarketingRelatedAccruals: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/ACCRUEDEXPENSESANDOTHERCURRENTLIABILITIESDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Selling and Marketing Related Accruals
        label: Selling and Marketing Related Accruals
        terseLabel: Selling and marketing related accruals
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SellingandMarketingRelatedAccruals
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/ACCRUEDEXPENSESANDOTHERCURRENTLIABILITIESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodTotalFairValue: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based compensation arrangement by share-based payment award, equity instruments other than options, grants in period, total fair value
        label: Share-Based Compensation Arrangement By Share-Based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other Than Options, Grants In Period, Total Fair Value
        terseLabel: Fair value of restricted stock granted
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodTotalFairValue
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSRestrictedStockGrantInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardAnnualTotalShareholderReturnPercentage: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Annual Total Shareholder Return Percentage
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Annual Total Shareholder Return Percentage
        terseLabel: Annual total shareholder return percent
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardAnnualTotalShareholderReturnPercentage
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    hain_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardHoldingPeriod: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Award Holding Period
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Award Holding Period
        terseLabel: Holding period
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardAwardHoldingPeriod
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    hain_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherthanOptionsNonvestedGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested, Grant Date Fair Value
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested, Grant Date Fair Value
        terseLabel: Grant date fair value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherthanOptionsNonvestedGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherthanOptionsSharesToBeGrantedAfterPerformancePeriod: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Shares To Be Granted After Performance Period
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Shares To Be Granted After Performance Period
        terseLabel: Compound annual total shareholder return over performance period (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherthanOptionsSharesToBeGrantedAfterPerformancePeriod
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    hain_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardNumberofPlans: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Number of Plans
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Number of Plans
        terseLabel: Number of shareholder-approved plans
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardNumberofPlans
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    hain_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardPercentOfSharesGranted: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Percent Of Shares Granted
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Percent Of Shares Granted
        terseLabel: Percent of shares granted
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardPercentOfSharesGranted
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    hain_SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardPercentOfTargetedAward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Percent Of Targeted Award
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Percent Of Targeted Award
        terseLabel: Percent of targeted award (percent)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementbySharebasedPaymentAwardPercentOfTargetedAward
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    hain_SnacksMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Snacks [Member]
        label: Snacks [Member]
        terseLabel: Snacks
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SnacksMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONNetSalesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_StockRepurchaseProgramAdditionalAuthorizedAmount: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock Repurchase Program, Additional Authorized Amount
        label: Stock Repurchase Program, Additional Authorized Amount
        terseLabel: Additional authorized amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockRepurchaseProgramAdditionalAuthorizedAmount
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_SubjectToAchievementMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Subject To Achievement [Member]
        label: Subject To Achievement [Member]
        terseLabel: Subject to Achievement
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubjectToAchievementMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_TeaMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tea [Member]
        label: Tea [Member]
        terseLabel: Tea
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TeaMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONNetSalesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_ThirdAmendedandRestatedCreditAgreementMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement [Member]
        label: Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement [Member]
        terseLabel: Amended Credit Agreement
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ThirdAmendedandRestatedCreditAgreementMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSCreditAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_TildaMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tilda [Member]
        label: Tilda [Member]
        terseLabel: Tilda
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TildaMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTildaStatementofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_TimeBasedAwardMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Time Based Award [Member]
        label: Time Based Award [Member]
        terseLabel: Time Based Award
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TimeBasedAwardMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_TotalStockholdersEquityIncludingTreasuryStock: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total stockholders' equity including treasury stock
        label: Total stockholders' equity including treasury stock
        totalLabel: Total stockholders' equity including treasury stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TotalStockholdersEquityIncludingTreasuryStock
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    hain_TradeReceivableMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Trade Receivable [Member]
        label: Trade Receivable [Member]
        terseLabel: Trade Receivable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TradeReceivableMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESValuationofAccountsandChargebacksReceivableandConcentrationofCreditRiskDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_TranslationAdjustmentsToValuationAllowanceMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Translation Adjustments to Valuation Allowance [Member]
        label: Translation Adjustments to Valuation Allowance [Member]
        terseLabel: Currency translation adjustments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TranslationAdjustmentsToValuationAllowanceMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESChangesinValuationAllowancesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_UnitedStatesAndUnitedKingdomMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: United States and United Kingdom
        label: United States and United Kingdom [Member]
        terseLabel: United States and United Kingdom
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnitedStatesAndUnitedKingdomMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    hain_ValuationAllowanceRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Valuation Allowance [Roll Forward]
        label: Valuation Allowance [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Valuation Allowance [Roll Forward]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAllowanceRollForward
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESChangesinValuationAllowancesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    hain_WeightedAverageDiscountRateAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average discount rate
        label: Weighted average discount rate [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Weighted average discount rate:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WeightedAverageDiscountRateAbstract
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESOtherInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    hain_WeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTermAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining lease term
        label: Weighted average remaining lease term [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Weighted average remaining lease term:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTermAbstract
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESOtherInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    hain_YeoHiapSengLimitedMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Yeo Hiap Seng Limited [Member]
        label: Yeo Hiap Seng Limited [Member]
        terseLabel: Yeo Hiap Seng Limited
       }
      }
     }
     localname: YeoHiapSengLimitedMember
     nsuri: http://www.hain-celestial.com/20210630
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FINANCIALINSTRUMENTSMEASUREDATFAIRVALUENarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INVESTMENTSDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_AffiliatedEntityMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r450
      r697
      r698
      r701
      r812
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Affiliated Entity [Member]
        terseLabel: SunOpta
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AffiliatedEntityMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/RELATEDPARTYTRANSACTIONSDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_ChiefExecutiveOfficerMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r253
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Chief Executive Officer [Member]
        terseLabel: CEO
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ChiefExecutiveOfficerMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FORMERCHIEFEXECUTIVEOFFICERSUCCESSIONPLANDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSWeightedAverageAssumptionsCEOInducementGrantDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_ConsolidationItemsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r159
      r219
      r232
      r233
      r234
      r235
      r237
      r239
      r243
      r349
      r350
      r351
      r352
      r353
      r354
      r356
      r357
      r359
      r361
      r362
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Consolidation Items [Axis]
        terseLabel: Consolidation Items [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConsolidationItemsAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_ConsolidationItemsDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r159
      r219
      r232
      r233
      r234
      r235
      r237
      r239
      r243
      r349
      r350
      r351
      r352
      r353
      r354
      r356
      r357
      r359
      r361
      r362
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Consolidation Items [Domain]
        terseLabel: Consolidation Items [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConsolidationItemsDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_CumulativeEffectPeriodOfAdoptionAdjustmentMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r2
      r164
      r172
      r178
      r270
      r499
      r500
      r501
      r545
      r546
      r617
      r620
      r622
      r623
      r827
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Cumulative Effect, Period of Adoption, Adjustment [Member]
        terseLabel: Cumulative Effect, Period of Adoption, Adjustment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CumulativeEffectPeriodOfAdoptionAdjustmentMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESRecentlyIssuedandAdoptedAdoptedAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_CumulativeEffectPeriodOfAdoptionAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r2
      r164
      r172
      r178
      r270
      r499
      r500
      r501
      r545
      r546
      r617
      r620
      r622
      r623
      r827
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Cumulative Effect, Period of Adoption [Axis]
        terseLabel: Cumulative Effect, Period of Adoption [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CumulativeEffectPeriodOfAdoptionAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESRecentlyIssuedandAdoptedAdoptedAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_CumulativeEffectPeriodOfAdoptionDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r2
      r164
      r172
      r178
      r270
      r499
      r500
      r501
      r545
      r546
      r617
      r620
      r622
      r623
      r827
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Cumulative Effect, Period of Adoption [Domain]
        terseLabel: Cumulative Effect, Period of Adoption [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CumulativeEffectPeriodOfAdoptionDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESRecentlyIssuedandAdoptedAdoptedAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_DirectorMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r253
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Director [Member]
        terseLabel: Director
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DirectorMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/RELATEDPARTYTRANSACTIONSDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_EquityMethodInvesteeNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Investment, Name [Domain]
        terseLabel: Investment, Name [Domain]
        verboseLabel: Equity Method Investee, Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityMethodInvesteeNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FINANCIALINSTRUMENTSMEASUREDATFAIRVALUENarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INVESTMENTSDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_ExecutiveOfficerMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r253
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Executive Officer [Member]
        terseLabel: Executives
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ExecutiveOfficerMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_LitigationCaseAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Litigation Case [Axis]
        terseLabel: Litigation Case [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LitigationCaseAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COMMITMENTSANDCONTINGENCIESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_LitigationCaseTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Litigation Case [Domain]
        terseLabel: Litigation Case [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LitigationCaseTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COMMITMENTSANDCONTINGENCIESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_MajorCustomersAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r251
      r432
      r435
      r779
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Customer [Axis]
        terseLabel: Customer [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MajorCustomersAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESValuationofAccountsandChargebacksReceivableandConcentrationofCreditRiskDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_MaximumMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r367
      r399
      r461
      r464
      r713
      r714
      r715
      r718
      r719
      r720
      r723
      r776
      r780
      r813
      r814
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Maximum [Member]
        terseLabel: Maximum
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MaximumMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSCreditAgreementDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPPEUsefulLifeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_MinimumMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r367
      r399
      r461
      r464
      r713
      r714
      r715
      r718
      r719
      r720
      r723
      r776
      r780
      r813
      r814
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Minimum [Member]
        terseLabel: Minimum
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MinimumMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSCreditAgreementDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPPEUsefulLifeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_NameOfMajorCustomerDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r251
      r432
      r435
      r779
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Customer [Domain]
        terseLabel: Customer [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NameOfMajorCustomerDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESValuationofAccountsandChargebacksReceivableandConcentrationofCreditRiskDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_ProductOrServiceAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r246
      r432
      r433
      r726
      r775
      r777
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Product and Service [Axis]
        terseLabel: Product and Service [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProductOrServiceAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONNetSalesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_ProductsAndServicesDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r246
      r432
      r433
      r726
      r775
      r777
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Product and Service [Domain]
        terseLabel: Product and Service [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProductsAndServicesDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONNetSalesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_RangeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r367
      r399
      r440
      r461
      r464
      r713
      r714
      r715
      r718
      r719
      r720
      r723
      r776
      r780
      r813
      r814
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Statistical Measurement [Axis]
        terseLabel: Statistical Measurement [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RangeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSCreditAgreementDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPPEUsefulLifeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_RangeMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r367
      r399
      r440
      r461
      r464
      r713
      r714
      r715
      r718
      r719
      r720
      r723
      r776
      r780
      r813
      r814
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Statistical Measurement [Domain]
        terseLabel: Statistical Measurement [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RangeMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSCreditAgreementDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPPEUsefulLifeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_ScenarioForecastMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r173
      r462
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Forecast [Member]
        terseLabel: Forecast
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScenarioForecastMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESDerivativeInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_ScenarioUnspecifiedDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r173
      r178
      r462
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Scenario [Domain]
        terseLabel: Scenario [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScenarioUnspecifiedDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESDerivativeInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r262
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Investment, Name [Axis]
        terseLabel: Investment, Name [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentEquityMethodInvesteeNameAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FINANCIALINSTRUMENTSMEASUREDATFAIRVALUENarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INVESTMENTSDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_SegmentGeographicalDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r247
      r248
      r432
      r434
      r778
      r803
      r804
      r805
      r806
      r807
      r808
      r809
      r810
      r811
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Geographical [Domain]
        terseLabel: Geographical [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SegmentGeographicalDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONLonglivedAssetsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONNetSalesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    srt_StatementGeographicalAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r247
      r248
      r432
      r434
      r778
      r797
      r803
      r804
      r805
      r806
      r807
      r808
      r809
      r810
      r811
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Geographical [Axis]
        terseLabel: Geographical [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementGeographicalAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONLonglivedAssetsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONNetSalesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_StatementScenarioAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r173
      r178
      r337
      r462
      r708
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Scenario [Axis]
        terseLabel: Scenario [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementScenarioAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESDerivativeInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_TitleOfIndividualAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r253
      r700
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Title of Individual [Axis]
        terseLabel: Title of Individual [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TitleOfIndividualAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FORMERCHIEFEXECUTIVEOFFICERSUCCESSIONPLANDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSWeightedAverageAssumptionsCEOInducementGrantDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    srt_TitleOfIndividualWithRelationshipToEntityDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Title of Individual [Domain]
        terseLabel: Title of Individual [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TitleOfIndividualWithRelationshipToEntityDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/srt/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FORMERCHIEFEXECUTIVEOFFICERSUCCESSIONPLANDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSWeightedAverageAssumptionsCEOInducementGrantDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    stpr_NJ: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: NEW JERSEY
        terseLabel: New Jersey
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NJ
     nsuri: http://xbrl.sec.gov/stpr/2021
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountingPoliciesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Accounting Policies [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Accounting Policies [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountingPoliciesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201409Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r436
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accounting Standards Update 2014-09 Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606).
        label: Accounting Standards Update 2014-09 [Member]
        terseLabel: ASU 2014-09
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountingStandardsUpdate201409Member
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201601Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r639
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accounting Standards Update 2016-01 Financial Instruments-Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities.
        label: Accounting Standards Update 2016-01 [Member]
        terseLabel: ASU 2016-01
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountingStandardsUpdate201601Member
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r670
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accounting Standards Update 2016-02 Leases (Topic 842).
        label: Accounting Standards Update 2016-02 [Member]
        terseLabel: ASU 2016-02
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountingStandardsUpdate201602Member
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdate201613Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r266
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accounting Standards Update 2016-13 Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.
        label: Accounting Standards Update 2016-13 [Member]
        terseLabel: ASU 2016-13
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountingStandardsUpdate201613Member
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESRecentlyIssuedandAdoptedAdoptedAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountingStandardsUpdateExtensibleList: {
     auth_ref: [
      r0
      r1
      r2
      r3
      r4
      r165
      r166
      r167
      r168
      r258
      r259
      r267
      r268
      r269
      r270
      r271
      r272
      r348
      r495
      r496
      r497
      r498
      r499
      r500
      r501
      r502
      r545
      r546
      r614
      r615
      r616
      r617
      r618
      r619
      r620
      r621
      r622
      r623
      r624
      r640
      r641
      r642
      r643
      r644
      r645
      r646
      r647
      r694
      r781
      r782
      r783
      r784
      r785
      r786
      r787
      r788
      r789
      r790
      r791
      r792
      r825
      r826
      r827
      r828
      r829
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicates amendment to accounting standards.
        label: Accounting Standards Update [Extensible Enumeration]
        terseLabel: Accounting Standards Update [Extensible List]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountingStandardsUpdateExtensibleList
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ]
     xbrltype: enumerationSetItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing accounts payable and accrued liabilities.
        label: Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities [Member]
        terseLabel: Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilitiesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESBalanceSheetLocationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountsPayableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r70
      r706
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of liabilities incurred (and for which invoices have typically been received) and payable to vendors for goods and services received that are used in an entity's business. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Accounts Payable, Current
        terseLabel: Accounts payable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountsPayableCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccountsReceivableNetCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r38
      r54
      r254
      r255
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after allowance for credit loss, of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business, classified as current.
        label: Accounts Receivable, after Allowance for Credit Loss, Current
        terseLabel: Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of $1,314 and $638, respectively
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccountsReceivableNetCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r74
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/ACCRUEDEXPENSESANDOTHERCURRENTLIABILITIESDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable, pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature, are incurred on contractual obligations, or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes, interest, rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).
        label: Accrued Liabilities, Current
        terseLabel: Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
        totalLabel: Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/ACCRUEDEXPENSESANDOTHERCURRENTLIABILITIESDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedGainLossNetCashFlowHedgeParentMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r99
      r110
      r111
      r112
      r113
      r572
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) from gain (loss) of derivative instrument designated and qualifying as cash flow hedge included in assessment of hedge effectiveness, attributable to parent.
        label: Accumulated Gain (Loss), Net, Cash Flow Hedge, Parent [Member]
        terseLabel: Deferred gains/(losses) on cash flow hedging instruments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedGainLossNetCashFlowHedgeParentMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedNetGainLossFromDesignatedOrQualifyingCashFlowHedgesMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r93
      r99
      r572
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) resulting from gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges, attributable to the parent.
        label: Accumulated Net Gain (Loss) from Cash Flow Hedges Attributable to Parent [Member]
        terseLabel: Deferred gains/(losses) on cash flow hedging instruments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedNetGainLossFromDesignatedOrQualifyingCashFlowHedgesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESCashFlowHedgesandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESPreTaxEffectofDerivativeFinancialInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r57
      r96
      r98
      r99
      r763
      r788
      r792
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: hain_TotalStockholdersEquityIncludingTreasuryStock
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources, net of tax effect, at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss), and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items, certain pension adjustments, unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities, other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis, as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax
        terseLabel: Accumulated other comprehensive loss
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r110
      r111
      r654
      r655
      r656
      r657
      r658
      r661
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).
        label: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Table]
        terseLabel: Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r95
      r99
      r110
      r111
      r112
      r161
      r162
      r163
      r573
      r783
      r784
      r829
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources, attributable to the parent. Excludes net income (loss), and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
        label: AOCI Attributable to Parent [Member]
        terseLabel: Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r91
      r99
      r110
      r111
      r112
      r573
      r655
      r656
      r657
      r658
      r661
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) resulting from foreign currency translation adjustments, foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature, attributable to the parent.
        label: Accumulated Foreign Currency Adjustment Attributable to Parent [Member]
        terseLabel: Foreign currency translation adjustments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AccumulatedTranslationAdjustmentMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapital: {
     auth_ref: [
      r55
      r502
      r706
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: hain_TotalStockholdersEquityIncludingTreasuryStock
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of excess of issue price over par or stated value of stock and from other transaction involving stock or stockholder. Includes, but is not limited to, additional paid-in capital (APIC) for common and preferred stock.
        label: Additional Paid in Capital
        terseLabel: Additional paid-in capital
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdditionalPaidInCapital
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r161
      r162
      r163
      r499
      r500
      r501
      r622
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders.
        label: Additional Paid-in Capital [Member]
        terseLabel: Additional Paid-in Capital
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r0
      r1
      r2
      r3
      r4
      r165
      r166
      r167
      r168
      r178
      r258
      r259
      r267
      r268
      r269
      r270
      r271
      r272
      r348
      r495
      r496
      r497
      r498
      r499
      r500
      r501
      r502
      r543
      r544
      r545
      r546
      r614
      r615
      r616
      r617
      r618
      r619
      r620
      r621
      r622
      r623
      r624
      r640
      r641
      r642
      r643
      r644
      r645
      r646
      r647
      r694
      r728
      r729
      r730
      r781
      r782
      r783
      r784
      r785
      r786
      r787
      r788
      r789
      r790
      r791
      r792
      r825
      r826
      r827
      r828
      r829
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by amendment to accounting standards.
        label: Accounting Standards Update [Axis]
        terseLabel: Adjustments for New Accounting Pronouncements [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdjustmentsForNewAccountingPronouncementsAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESRecentlyIssuedandAdoptedAdoptedAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsNoncashItemsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Adjustments, Noncash Items, to Reconcile Net Income (Loss) to Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) from continuing operations to net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdjustmentsNoncashItemsToReconcileNetIncomeLossToCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of decrease to equity for grantee's tax withholding obligation for award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Decrease for Tax Withholding Obligation
        negatedTerseLabel: Shares withheld for payment of employee payroll taxes due on shares issued under stock-based compensation plans
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdjustmentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r466
      r468
      r505
      r506
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase to additional paid-in capital (APIC) for recognition of cost for award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: APIC, Share-based Payment Arrangement, Increase for Cost Recognition
        verboseLabel: Stock-based compensation expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdjustmentsToAdditionalPaidInCapitalSharebasedCompensationRequisiteServicePeriodRecognitionValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r508
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for advertising cost.
        label: Advertising Cost [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Advertising Costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdvertisingCostsPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AdvertisingExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r509
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount charged to advertising expense for the period, which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand, product or product line.
        label: Advertising Expense
        terseLabel: Advertising costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AdvertisingExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r468
      r492
      r504
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSCompensationCostAndRelatedIncomeTaxBenefitsRecognizedDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expense for award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes amount capitalized.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Expense
        verboseLabel: Stock-based compensation expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AllocatedShareBasedCompensationExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FORMERCHIEFEXECUTIVEOFFICERSUCCESSIONPLANDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSCompensationCostAndRelatedIncomeTaxBenefitsRecognizedDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r61
      r256
      r273
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable, classified as current.
        label: Accounts Receivable, Allowance for Credit Loss, Current
        terseLabel: Accounts receivable, allowance for doubtful accounts (in dollars)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AllowanceForDoubtfulAccountsReceivableCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r142
      r290
      r297
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense, this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.
        label: Amortization of Intangible Assets
        terseLabel: Amortization of acquired intangible assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AmortizationOfIntangibleAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r190
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) or earnings per unit (EPU) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS or EPU because to do so would increase EPS or EPU amounts or decrease loss per share or unit amounts for the period presented.
        label: Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share, Amount
        terseLabel: Antidilutive securities excluded from computation of earnings per share (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/EARNINGSLOSSPERSHARENarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r190
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of antidilutive security.
        label: Antidilutive Securities [Axis]
        terseLabel: Antidilutive Securities [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareByAntidilutiveSecuritiesAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/EARNINGSLOSSPERSHARENarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/EARNINGSLOSSPERSHARENarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AntidilutiveSecuritiesNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r190
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Incremental common shares attributable to securities that were not included in diluted earnings per share (EPS) because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented.
        label: Antidilutive Securities, Name [Domain]
        terseLabel: Antidilutive Securities, Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AntidilutiveSecuritiesNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/EARNINGSLOSSPERSHARENarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AociDerivativeQualifyingAsHedgeExcludedComponentParentMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r99
      r110
      r111
      r112
      r612
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) from increase (decrease) in value of excluded component of derivative hedge, attributable to parent.
        label: AOCI, Derivative Qualifying as Hedge, Excluded Component, Parent [Member]
        terseLabel: Deferred gains/(losses) on net investment hedging instruments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AociDerivativeQualifyingAsHedgeExcludedComponentParentMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_Assets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r153
      r227
      r234
      r241
      r264
      r349
      r350
      r351
      r353
      r354
      r355
      r356
      r358
      r360
      r362
      r363
      r570
      r575
      r638
      r704
      r706
      r744
      r761
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are recognized. Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
        label: Assets
        totalLabel: Total assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Assets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Assets [Abstract]
        terseLabel: ASSETS
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r40
      r42
      r85
      r153
      r264
      r349
      r350
      r351
      r353
      r354
      r355
      r356
      r358
      r360
      r362
      r363
      r570
      r575
      r638
      r704
      r706
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash, sold, or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle, if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
        label: Assets, Current
        totalLabel: Total current assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Assets, Current [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Current assets:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsCurrentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure: {
     auth_ref: [
      r626
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FINANCIALINSTRUMENTSMEASUREDATFAIRVALUEAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonaRecurringBasisDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value portion of probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
        label: Assets, Fair Value Disclosure
        totalLabel: Assets total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsFairValueDisclosure
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FINANCIALINSTRUMENTSMEASUREDATFAIRVALUEAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonaRecurringBasisDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Assets, Fair Value Disclosure [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Assets:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsFairValueDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FINANCIALINSTRUMENTSMEASUREDATFAIRVALUEAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonaRecurringBasisDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r5
      r6
      r27
      r29
      r33
      r311
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSDreamandWestSoyBalanceSheetDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSGGUniqueFiberBalanceSheetDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Assets
        totalLabel: Total assets
        verboseLabel: Assets held for sale
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSDreamandWestSoyBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSGGUniqueFiberBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Assets [Abstract]
        terseLabel: ASSETS
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSDreamandWestSoyBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSGGUniqueFiberBalanceSheetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r5
      r6
      r27
      r29
      r33
      r305
      r311
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of, expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Assets, Current
        terseLabel: Assets held for sale
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_AwardTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r470
      r494
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Award Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Award Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: AwardTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNonVestedRestrictedStockAndRestrictedShareUnitAwardsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSRestrictedStockGrantInformationDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSWeightedAverageAssumptionsCEOInducementGrantDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSWeightedAverageAssumptionsLongTermIncentiveProgramDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by location on balance sheet (statement of financial position).
        label: Balance Sheet Location [Axis]
        terseLabel: Balance Sheet Location [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BalanceSheetLocationAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESBalanceSheetLocationDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BalanceSheetLocationDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r586
      r592
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Location in the balance sheet (statement of financial position).
        label: Balance Sheet Location [Domain]
        terseLabel: Balance Sheet Location [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BalanceSheetLocationDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESBalanceSheetLocationDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BaseRateMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Minimum rate investor will accept.
        label: Base Rate [Member]
        terseLabel: Base Rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BaseRateMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSCreditAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting, or basis of presentation, used to prepare the financial statements (for example, US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting, IFRS).
        label: Basis of Accounting, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Basis of Presentation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BasisOfAccountingPolicyPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r160
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for the basis of presentation and significant accounting policies concepts. Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example, US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting, IFRS).  Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.
        label: Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies [Text Block]
        terseLabel: SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND PRACTICES
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BasisOfPresentationAndSignificantAccountingPoliciesTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICES
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Facility held for productive use including, but not limited to, office, production, storage and distribution facilities and any addition, improvement, or renovation to the structure, for example, but not limited to, interior masonry, interior flooring, electrical, and plumbing.
        label: Building and Building Improvements [Member]
        terseLabel: Buildings and improvements
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BuildingAndBuildingImprovementsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPPEUsefulLifeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BuildingImprovementsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r307
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Addition, improvement, or renovation to a facility held for productive use including, but not limited to, office, production, storage and distribution facilities.
        label: Building Improvements [Member]
        terseLabel: Building improvements
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BuildingImprovementsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_BusinessAcquisitionLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Business Acquisition [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Business Acquisition [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: BusinessAcquisitionLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FINANCIALINSTRUMENTSMEASUREDATFAIRVALUENarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r36
      r65
      r144
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents, at Carrying Value
        terseLabel: Cash and cash equivalents
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsAtCarryingValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsFairValueDisclosure: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FINANCIALINSTRUMENTSMEASUREDATFAIRVALUEAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonaRecurringBasisDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value portion of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents, Fair Value Disclosure
        verboseLabel: Cash equivalents
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsFairValueDisclosure
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FINANCIALINSTRUMENTSMEASUREDATFAIRVALUEAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonaRecurringBasisDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r47
      r145
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents, including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents, (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk, (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts), and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example, at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.
        label: Cash and Cash Equivalents, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Cash and Cash Equivalents
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashAndCashEquivalentsPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents: {
     auth_ref: [
      r138
      r144
      r147
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsIncludingDisposalGroupAndDiscontinuedOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash and cash equivalents, and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage. Excludes amount for disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes, but is not limited to, currency on hand, demand deposits with banks or financial institutions, and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include, but are not limited to, short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.
        label: Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
        terseLabel: Cash and cash equivalents of continuing operations at end of year
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r138
      r144
      r147
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsIncludingDisposalGroupAndDiscontinuedOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash and cash equivalents, and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; attributable to disposal group, including, but not limited to, discontinued operations. Cash includes, but is not limited to, currency on hand, demand deposits with banks or financial institutions, and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include, but are not limited to, short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.
        label: Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents, Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operations
        negatedTerseLabel: Less: cash and cash equivalents of discontinued operations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsIncludingDisposalGroupAndDiscontinuedOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r138
      r144
      r147
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash and cash equivalents, and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including, but not limited to, disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes, but is not limited to, currency on hand, demand deposits with banks or financial institutions, and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include, but are not limited to, short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.
        label: Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents, Including Disposal Group and Discontinued Operations
        periodEndLabel: Cash and cash equivalents at end of year
        periodStartLabel: Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsIncludingDisposalGroupAndDiscontinuedOperations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect: {
     auth_ref: [
      r138
      r651
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes, but is not limited to, currency on hand, demand deposits with banks or financial institutions, and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include, but are not limited to, short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.
        label: Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents, Period Increase (Decrease), Including Exchange Rate Effect
        totalLabel: Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashFlowHedgingMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r582
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Hedge of the exposure to variability in the cash flows of a recognized asset or liability, or of a forecasted transaction, that is attributable to a particular risk.
        label: Cash Flow Hedging [Member]
        terseLabel: Cash Flow Hedges
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashFlowHedgingMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESDerivativeInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesDiscontinuedOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r138
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: hain_NetCashProvidedByUsedinDiscontinuedOperationsIncludingExchangeRateEffect
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities of discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on, and a return of, their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed, or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
        label: Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities, Discontinued Operations
        terseLabel: Cash used in financing activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesDiscontinuedOperations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesDiscontinuedOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r26
      r138
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: hain_NetCashProvidedByUsedinDiscontinuedOperationsIncludingExchangeRateEffect
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities of discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property, plant, and equipment and other productive assets.
        label: Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities, Discontinued Operations
        terseLabel: Cash provided by investing activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesDiscontinuedOperations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesDiscontinuedOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r26
      r138
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: hain_NetCashProvidedByUsedinDiscontinuedOperationsIncludingExchangeRateEffect
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of operating activities of discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions, adjustments, and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
        label: Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities, Discontinued Operations
        terseLabel: Cash (used in) provided by operating activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesDiscontinuedOperations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ClassOfTreasuryStockTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r417
      r418
      r419
      r420
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about treasury stock, including, but not limited to, average cost per share, description of share repurchase program, shares repurchased, shares held for each class of treasury stock.
        label: Class of Treasury Stock [Table]
        terseLabel: Class of Treasury Stock [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ClassOfTreasuryStockTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingencies: {
     auth_ref: [
      r78
      r336
      r748
      r766
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof, and (2) is exposed to potential losses or, less frequently, gains, arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms, and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
        label: Commitments and Contingencies
        terseLabel: Commitments and contingencies
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingencies
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r333
      r334
      r335
      r344
      r799
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for commitments and contingencies.
        label: Commitments and Contingencies Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommitmentsAndContingenciesDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COMMITMENTSANDCONTINGENCIES
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r161
      r162
      r622
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock that is subordinate to all other stock of the issuer.
        label: Common Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Common Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r53
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face amount or stated value per share of common stock.
        label: Common Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share
        terseLabel: Common stock, par value (USD per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockParOrStatedValuePerShare
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITYParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r53
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The maximum number of common shares permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws.
        label: Common Stock, Shares Authorized
        terseLabel: Common stock, shares authorized (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockSharesAuthorized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r53
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued, repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners, and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.
        label: Common Stock, Shares, Issued
        periodEndLabel: Ending balance (in shares)
        periodStartLabel: Beginning balance (in shares)
        terseLabel: Common stock, shares issued (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockSharesIssued
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r53
      r411
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares of common stock outstanding. Common stock represent the ownership interest in a corporation.
        label: Common Stock, Shares, Outstanding
        terseLabel: Common stock, shares, outstanding (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockSharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CommonStockValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r53
      r706
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: hain_TotalStockholdersEquityIncludingTreasuryStock
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
        label: Common Stock, Value, Issued
        terseLabel: Common stock - $.01 par value, authorized 150,000 shares; issued: 109,507 and 109,123 shares, respectively; outstanding: 99,069 and 101,885 shares, respectively
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CommonStockValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Retirement Benefits [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Retirement Benefits [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CompensationAndRetirementDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CompensationRelatedCostsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Compensation Related Costs [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Compensation Related Costs [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CompensationRelatedCostsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CompensationRelatedCostsGeneralTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r438
      r439
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for compensation costs, including compensated absences accruals, compensated absences liability, deferred compensation arrangements and income statement compensation items.  Deferred compensation arrangements may include a description of an arrangement with an individual employee, which is generally an employment contract between the entity and a selected officer or key employee containing a promise by the employer to pay certain amounts at designated future dates, usually including a period after retirement, upon compliance with stipulated requirements. This type of arrangement is distinguished from broader based employee benefit plans as it is usually tailored to the employee. Disclosure also typically includes the amount of related compensation expense recognized during the reporting period, the number of shares (units) issued during the period under such arrangements, and the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of the related liability.
        label: Compensation Related Costs, General [Text Block]
        terseLabel: FORMER CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER SUCCESSION PLAN
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CompensationRelatedCostsGeneralTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FORMERCHIEFEXECUTIVEOFFICERSUCCESSIONPLAN
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r105
      r107
      r108
      r120
      r754
      r772
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income, attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.
        label: Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Attributable to Parent
        totalLabel: Total comprehensive income loss)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Attributable to Parent [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Other comprehensive income (loss):
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTaxAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ComputerEquipmentMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Long lived, depreciable assets that are used in the creation, maintenance and utilization of information systems.
        label: Computer Equipment [Member]
        terseLabel: Computer hardware and software
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ComputerEquipmentMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskBenchmarkDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r207
      r208
      r251
      r635
      r636
      r798
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The denominator in a calculation of a disclosed concentration risk percentage.
        label: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Domain]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskBenchmarkDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESValuationofAccountsandChargebacksReceivableandConcentrationofCreditRiskDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r207
      r208
      r251
      r635
      r636
      r794
      r798
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by benchmark of concentration risk.
        label: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Axis]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Benchmark [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskByBenchmarkAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESValuationofAccountsandChargebacksReceivableandConcentrationofCreditRiskDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r207
      r208
      r251
      r635
      r636
      r794
      r798
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of concentration risk, for example, but not limited to, asset, liability, net assets, geographic, customer, employees, supplier, lender.
        label: Concentration Risk Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskByTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESValuationofAccountsandChargebacksReceivableandConcentrationofCreditRiskDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk: {
     auth_ref: [
      r201
      r759
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for credit risk.
        label: Concentration Risk, Credit Risk, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Valuation of Accounts and Chargebacks Receivable and Concentration of Credit Risk
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskCreditRisk
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Concentration Risk [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESValuationofAccountsandChargebacksReceivableandConcentrationofCreditRiskDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskPercentage1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r207
      r208
      r251
      r635
      r636
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount, which serves as the \benchmark\ (or denominator) in the equation, this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
        label: Concentration Risk, Percentage
        terseLabel: Concentration risk, percentage
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskPercentage1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESValuationofAccountsandChargebacksReceivableandConcentrationofCreditRiskDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r204
      r207
      r208
      r209
      r635
      r637
      r798
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Describes the nature of a concentration, a benchmark to which it is compared, and the percentage that the risk is to the benchmark.
        label: Concentration Risk [Table]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESValuationofAccountsandChargebacksReceivableandConcentrationofCreditRiskDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConcentrationRiskTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r207
      r208
      r251
      r635
      r636
      r798
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: For an entity that discloses a concentration risk as a percentage of some financial balance or benchmark, identifies the type (for example, asset, liability, net assets, geographic, customer, employees, supplier, lender) of the concentration.
        label: Concentration Risk Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Concentration Risk Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConcentrationRiskTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESValuationofAccountsandChargebacksReceivableandConcentrationofCreditRiskDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ConstructionInProgressMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Structure or a modification to a structure under construction. Includes recently completed structures or modifications to structures that have not been placed into service.
        label: Construction in Progress [Member]
        terseLabel: Construction in progress
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ConstructionInProgressMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CorporateNonSegmentMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r232
      r233
      r234
      r235
      r237
      r243
      r245
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Corporate headquarters or functional department that may not earn revenues or may earn revenues that are only incidental to the activities of the entity and is not considered an operating segment.
        label: Corporate, Non-Segment [Member]
        terseLabel: Corporate and Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CorporateNonSegmentMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold: {
     auth_ref: [
      r125
      r726
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_GrossProfit
       weight: -1.0
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESCashFlowHedgesandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate costs related to goods produced and sold and services rendered by an entity during the reporting period. This excludes costs incurred during the reporting period related to financial services rendered and other revenue generating activities.
        label: Cost of Goods and Services Sold
        terseLabel: Cost of sales
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CostOfGoodsAndServicesSold
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESCashFlowHedgesandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CostOfSalesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing cost of sales.
        label: Cost of Sales [Member]
        terseLabel: Cost of sales
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CostOfSalesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESPreTaxEffectofDerivativeFinancialInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CreditFacilityAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of credit facility. Credit facilities provide capital to borrowers without the need to structure a loan for each borrowing.
        label: Credit Facility [Axis]
        terseLabel: Credit Facility [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CreditFacilityAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSComponentsofDebtDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSCreditAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CreditFacilityDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Type of credit facility. Credit facilities provide capital to borrowers without the need to structure a loan for each borrowing.
        label: Credit Facility [Domain]
        terseLabel: Credit Facility [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CreditFacilityDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSComponentsofDebtDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSCreditAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrencySwapMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Swap involving the exchange of principal and interest in one currency for another currency.
        label: Currency Swap [Member]
        terseLabel: Cross-currency swap
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrencySwapMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESBalanceSheetLocationDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESCashFlowHedgesandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESDerivativeInformationDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESNetInvestmentHedgesandAccumulatedotherComprehensiveLossDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESPreTaxEffectofDerivativeFinancialInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r154
      r539
      r549
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESProvisionforIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current federal tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Current Federal Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Federal
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentFederalTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESProvisionforIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r154
      r539
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESProvisionforIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current foreign income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Current Foreign Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Foreign
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentForeignTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESProvisionforIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r154
      r539
      r549
      r551
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESProvisionforIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to taxable income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Current Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        totalLabel: Current income tax expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESProvisionforIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Current Income Tax Expense (Benefit), Continuing Operations [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Current:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESProvisionforIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r154
      r539
      r549
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESProvisionforIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CurrentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Current State and Local Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: State and local
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CurrentStateAndLocalTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESProvisionforIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_CustomerConcentrationRiskMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r205
      r251
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reflects the percentage that revenues in the period from one or more significant customers is to net revenues, as defined by the entity, such as total net revenues, product line revenues, segment revenues. The risk is the materially adverse effects of loss of a significant customer.
        label: Customer Concentration Risk [Member]
        terseLabel: Customer Concentration Risk
       }
      }
     }
     localname: CustomerConcentrationRiskMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESValuationofAccountsandChargebacksReceivableandConcentrationofCreditRiskDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Debt Disclosure [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Debt Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r150
      r370
      r371
      r372
      r373
      r374
      r375
      r376
      r381
      r388
      r389
      r390
      r396
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements, which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit, note payable, commercial paper issue, bonds indenture, debenture issue, own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds, and about the underlying arrangements, rationale for a classification as long-term, including repayment terms, interest rates, collateral provided, restrictions on use of assets and activities, whether or not in compliance with debt covenants, and other matters important to users of the financial statements, such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.
        label: Debt Disclosure [Text Block]
        verboseLabel: DEBT AND BORROWINGS
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGS
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r49
      r50
      r51
      r152
      r159
      r364
      r365
      r366
      r367
      r368
      r369
      r371
      r377
      r378
      r379
      r380
      r382
      r383
      r384
      r385
      r386
      r387
      r392
      r393
      r394
      r395
      r668
      r745
      r746
      r760
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of debt instrument, including, but not limited to, draws against credit facilities.
        label: Debt Instrument [Axis]
        terseLabel: Debt Instrument [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSComponentsofDebtDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSCreditAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage points added to the reference rate to compute the variable rate on the debt instrument.
        label: Debt Instrument, Basis Spread on Variable Rate
        terseLabel: Basis spread on variable rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentBasisSpreadOnVariableRate1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSCreditAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DebtInstrumentNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r76
      r152
      r159
      r364
      r365
      r366
      r367
      r368
      r369
      r371
      r377
      r378
      r379
      r380
      r382
      r383
      r384
      r385
      r386
      r387
      r392
      r393
      r394
      r395
      r668
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The name for the particular debt instrument or borrowing that distinguishes it from other debt instruments or borrowings, including draws against credit facilities.
        label: Debt Instrument, Name [Domain]
        terseLabel: Debt Instrument, Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DebtInstrumentNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSComponentsofDebtDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSCreditAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r154
      r540
      r549
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESProvisionforIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred federal income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Deferred Federal Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Federal
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredFederalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESProvisionforIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r154
      r540
      r549
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESProvisionforIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred foreign income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Deferred Foreign Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Foreign
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredForeignIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESProvisionforIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r516
      r517
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability, of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards, with jurisdictional netting.
        label: Deferred Income Tax Assets, Net
        terseLabel: Non-current deferred tax assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxAssetsNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r142
      r154
      r540
      r549
      r550
      r551
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESProvisionforIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Deferred Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        totalLabel: Deferred income tax expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESProvisionforIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Deferred Income Tax Expense (Benefit), Continuing Operations [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Deferred:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESProvisionforIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilitiesNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r516
      r517
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after deferred tax asset, of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences with jurisdictional netting.
        label: Deferred Income Tax Liabilities, Net
        terseLabel: Deferred income taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxLiabilitiesNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxesAndTaxCredits: {
     auth_ref: [
      r143
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 15.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred income tax expense (benefit) and income tax credits.
        label: Deferred Income Taxes and Tax Credits
        terseLabel: Deferred income taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredIncomeTaxesAndTaxCredits
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r154
      r540
      r549
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESProvisionforIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred state and local tax expense (benefit) pertaining to income (loss) from continuing operations.
        label: Deferred State and Local Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: State and local
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredStateAndLocalIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESProvisionforIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r531
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identification of the deferred tax asset for which a valuation reserve exists.
        label: Deferred Tax Asset [Domain]
        terseLabel: Deferred Tax Asset [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESChangesinValuationAllowancesDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOther: {
     auth_ref: [
      r537
      r538
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 9.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before allocation of valuation allowance, of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences, classified as other.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Other
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsOther
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsOtherComprehensiveLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r537
      r538
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 11.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from unrealized losses in other comprehensive income.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Other Comprehensive Loss
        terseLabel: Other comprehensive income
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsOtherComprehensiveLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r537
      r538
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before allocation of valuation allowances of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences from share-based compensation.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Tax Deferred Expense, Compensation and Benefits, Share-based Compensation Cost
        terseLabel: Stock-based compensation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsTaxDeferredExpenseCompensationAndBenefitsShareBasedCompensationCost
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r531
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 12.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax assets for which it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized.
        label: Deferred Tax Assets, Valuation Allowance
        negatedTerseLabel: Valuation allowances
        periodEndLabel: Balance at end of year
        periodStartLabel: Balance at beginning of year
        terseLabel: Valuation allowances
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESChangesinValuationAllowancesDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r517
      r532
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after deferred tax asset, of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Net
        negatedTotalLabel: Total net deferred tax liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r537
      r538
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 10.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from intangible assets including goodwill.
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Goodwill and Intangible Assets
        negatedTerseLabel: Basis difference on intangible assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesGoodwillAndIntangibleAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r537
      r538
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property, plant, and equipment.
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Property, Plant and Equipment
        negatedTerseLabel: Basis difference on property and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesPropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilitiesUndistributedForeignEarnings: {
     auth_ref: [
      r537
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DeferredTaxLiabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from undistributed earnings of subsidiary and other recognized entity not within country of domicile. Includes, but is not limited to, other basis differences.
        label: Deferred Tax Liabilities, Undistributed Foreign Earnings
        negatedTerseLabel: Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries
        terseLabel: Unremitted earnings of foreign subsidiaries
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DeferredTaxLiabilitiesUndistributedForeignEarnings
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r459
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost for defined contribution plan.
        label: Defined Contribution Plan, Cost
        terseLabel: Defined contribution plan, costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DefinedContributionPlanCostRecognized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DefinedContributionPlansDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_Depreciation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r142
      r306
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of expense recognized in the current period that reflects the allocation of the cost of tangible assets over the assets' useful lives. Includes production and non-production related depreciation.
        label: Depreciation
        terseLabel: Depreciation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Depreciation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r142
      r222
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets, intangible assets, or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.
        label: Depreciation, Depletion and Amortization
        terseLabel: Depreciation and amortization
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DepreciationDepletionAndAmortization
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeContractTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Financial instrument or contract with one or more underlyings, notional amount or payment provision or both, and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset.
        label: Derivative Contract [Domain]
        terseLabel: Derivative Contract [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeContractTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESBalanceSheetLocationDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESCashFlowHedgesandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESDerivativeInformationDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESNetInvestmentHedgesandAccumulatedotherComprehensiveLossDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESNotDesignatedasHedgingInstrumentsandConsolidatedStatementofOperationsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESPreTaxEffectofDerivativeFinancialInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset: {
     auth_ref: [
      r87
      r88
      r89
      r590
      r721
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value, before effects of master netting arrangements, of a financial asset or other contract with one or more underlyings, notional amount or payment provision or both, and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes assets elected not to be offset. Excludes assets not subject to a master netting arrangement.
        label: Derivative Asset, Fair Value, Gross Asset
        terseLabel: Derivative asset, fair value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeAsset
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESBalanceSheetLocationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r87
      r88
      r89
      r590
      r721
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value, before effects of master netting arrangements, of a financial liability or contract with one or more underlyings, notional amount or payment provision or both, and the contract can be net settled by means outside the contract or delivery of an asset. Includes liabilities elected not to be offset. Excludes liabilities not subject to a master netting arrangement.
        label: Derivative Liability, Fair Value, Gross Liability
        terseLabel: Derivative liability, fair value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeFairValueOfDerivativeLiability
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESBalanceSheetLocationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r88
      r587
      r591
      r599
      r605
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of derivative contract.
        label: Derivative Instrument [Axis]
        terseLabel: Derivative Instrument [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeInstrumentRiskAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESBalanceSheetLocationDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESCashFlowHedgesandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESDerivativeInformationDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESNetInvestmentHedgesandAccumulatedotherComprehensiveLossDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESNotDesignatedasHedgingInstrumentsandConsolidatedStatementofOperationsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESPreTaxEffectofDerivativeFinancialInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r613
      r625
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for derivative instruments and hedging activities including, but not limited to, risk management strategies, non-hedging derivative instruments, assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and methodologies and assumptions used in determining the amounts.
        label: Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: DERIVATIVES AND HEDGING ACTIVITIES
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIES
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosuresLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities Disclosures [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities Disclosures [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosuresLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESCashFlowHedgesandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESDerivativeInformationDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESNetInvestmentHedgesandAccumulatedotherComprehensiveLossDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESNotDesignatedasHedgingInstrumentsandConsolidatedStatementofOperationsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESPreTaxEffectofDerivativeFinancialInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosuresTable: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about derivatives and hedging activities.
        label: Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities Disclosures [Table]
        terseLabel: Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities Disclosures [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeInstrumentsAndHedgingActivitiesDisclosuresTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESCashFlowHedgesandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESDerivativeInformationDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESNetInvestmentHedgesandAccumulatedotherComprehensiveLossDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESNotDesignatedasHedgingInstrumentsandConsolidatedStatementofOperationsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESPreTaxEffectofDerivativeFinancialInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r584
      r587
      r599
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of hedging relationship.
        label: Hedging Relationship [Axis]
        terseLabel: Hedging Relationship [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeInstrumentsGainLossByHedgingRelationshipAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESDerivativeInformationDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESNetInvestmentHedgesandAccumulatedotherComprehensiveLossDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsInHedgesAssetsAtFairValue: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FINANCIALINSTRUMENTSMEASUREDATFAIRVALUEAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonaRecurringBasisDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate fair value of all derivative assets designated as hedging instruments. Includes instruments designated as cash flow hedges, fair value hedges, and hedges of net investments in foreign operations.
        label: Derivative Instruments in Hedges, Assets, at Fair Value
        terseLabel: Derivative financial instruments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeInstrumentsInHedgesAssetsAtFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FINANCIALINSTRUMENTSMEASUREDATFAIRVALUEAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonaRecurringBasisDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeInstrumentsInHedgesLiabilitiesAtFairValue: {
     auth_ref: []
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FINANCIALINSTRUMENTSMEASUREDATFAIRVALUEAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonaRecurringBasisDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate fair value of all derivative liabilities designated as hedging instruments. Includes instruments designated as cash flow hedges, fair value hedges, and hedges of net investments in foreign operations.
        label: Derivative Instruments in Hedges, Liabilities, at Fair Value
        terseLabel: Derivative financial instruments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeInstrumentsInHedgesLiabilitiesAtFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FINANCIALINSTRUMENTSMEASUREDATFAIRVALUEAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonaRecurringBasisDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeNotionalAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r579
      r581
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Nominal or face amount used to calculate payment on derivative.
        label: Derivative, Notional Amount
        terseLabel: Derivative, notional amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeNotionalAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESDerivativeInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativeNumberOfInstrumentsHeld: {
     auth_ref: [
      r579
      r581
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of derivative instruments of a particular group held by the entity.
        label: Derivative, Number of Instruments Held
        terseLabel: Number of Instruments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativeNumberOfInstrumentsHeld
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESDerivativeInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativesFairValueLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Derivatives, Fair Value [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Derivatives, Fair Value [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativesFairValueLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESBalanceSheetLocationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DerivativesPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r158
      r578
      r580
      r584
      r585
      r608
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for its derivative instruments and hedging activities.
        label: Derivatives, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DerivativesPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r584
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Derivative instrument designated as hedging instrument under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP).
        label: Designated as Hedging Instrument [Member]
        terseLabel: Designated as Hedging Instrument
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESBalanceSheetLocationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r507
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement [Text Block]
        terseLabel: STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION AND INCENTIVE PERFORMANCE PLANS
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsShareBasedPaymentsTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANS
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Share-based Payment Arrangement [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisclosureOfCompensationRelatedCostsSharebasedPaymentsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationGainLossFromDisposalOfDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r10
      r12
      r16
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSHainPureProteinStatementofOperationsDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTildaStatementofOperationsDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before tax of gain (loss) not previously recognized resulting from the disposal of a discontinued operation.
        label: Discontinued Operation, Gain (Loss) from Disposal of Discontinued Operation, before Income Tax
        negatedLabel: Gain on sale of discontinued operations
        negatedTerseLabel: Loss (Gain) on sale of discontinued operations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DiscontinuedOperationGainLossFromDisposalOfDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSHainPureProteinStatementofOperationsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTildaStatementofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposalOfDiscontinuedOperationNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r10
      r12
      r16
      r30
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of gain (loss) not previously recognized resulting from the disposal of a discontinued operation.
        label: Discontinued Operation, Gain (Loss) on Disposal of Discontinued Operation, Net of Tax
        negatedTerseLabel: Loss on sale, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DiscontinuedOperationGainLossOnDisposalOfDiscontinuedOperationNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r10
      r11
      r12
      r13
      r16
      r24
      r117
      r769
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSHainPureProteinStatementofOperationsDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTildaStatementofOperationsDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxAttributableToReportingEntity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation. Includes, but is not limited to, the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period, gain (loss) on disposal, gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value, less cost to sell, and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
        label: Discontinued Operation, Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operation, before Income Tax
        totalLabel: Net (loss) income from discontinued operations before income taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSHainPureProteinStatementofOperationsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTildaStatementofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationTaxEffectOfDiscontinuedOperation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r11
      r12
      r13
      r16
      r24
      r30
      r518
      r548
      r558
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTildaStatementofOperationsDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxAttributableToReportingEntity
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of tax expense (benefit) related to a discontinued operation. Includes, but is not limited to, tax expense (benefit) related to income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period, tax expense (benefit) related to gain (loss) on disposal, tax expense (benefit) related to gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value, less cost to sell, and tax expense (benefit) related to adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
        label: Discontinued Operation, Tax Effect of Discontinued Operation
        terseLabel: (Benefit) provision for income taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DiscontinuedOperationTaxEffectOfDiscontinuedOperation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSHainPureProteinStatementofOperationsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTildaStatementofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationTaxEffectOfIncomeLossFromDisposalOfDiscontinuedOperation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r12
      r16
      r30
      r558
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of tax expense (benefit) on gain (loss) not previously recognized resulting from the disposal of a discontinued operation.
        label: Discontinued Operation, Tax Effect of Gain (Loss) from Disposal of Discontinued Operation
        terseLabel: Tax effect of gain (Loss) from disposal of discontinued operation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DiscontinuedOperationTaxEffectOfIncomeLossFromDisposalOfDiscontinuedOperation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTildaStatementofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationsAndDisposalGroupsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Discontinued Operations and Disposal Groups [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Discontinued Operations and Disposal Groups [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DiscontinuedOperationsAndDisposalGroupsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r8
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Component or group of components disposed of by sale and representing a strategic shift that has or will have a major effect on operations and financial results.
        label: Discontinued Operations, Disposed of by Sale [Member]
        terseLabel: Disposed of by Sale
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DiscontinuedOperationsDisposedOfBySaleMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSDreamandWestSoyBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSGGUniqueFiberBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSHainPureProteinStatementofOperationsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTildaStatementofOperationsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationsHeldforsaleMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r7
      r9
      r29
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Component or group of components classified as held-for-sale and representing a strategic shift that has or will have a major effect on operations and financial results. Includes a business or nonprofit activity on acquisition classified as held-for-sale.
        label: Discontinued Operations, Held-for-sale [Member]
        verboseLabel: Discontinued operations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DiscontinuedOperationsHeldforsaleMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSCompensationCostAndRelatedIncomeTaxBenefitsRecognizedDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r18
      r34
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for discontinued operations. Includes, but is not limited to, method of interest allocation to a discontinued operation.
        label: Discontinued Operations, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Discontinued Operations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DiscontinuedOperationsPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupClassificationAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r29
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by disposal group classification.
        label: Disposal Group Classification [Axis]
        terseLabel: Disposal Group Classification [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupClassificationAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSDreamandWestSoyBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSGGUniqueFiberBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSHainPureProteinStatementofOperationsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTildaStatementofOperationsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupClassificationDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Component or group of components disposed of, including but not limited to, disposal group held-for-sale or disposed of by sale, disposed of by means other than sale, and discontinued operations.
        label: Disposal Group Classification [Domain]
        terseLabel: Disposal Group Classification [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupClassificationDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSDreamandWestSoyBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSGGUniqueFiberBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSHainPureProteinStatementofOperationsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTildaStatementofOperationsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupHeldforsaleNotDiscontinuedOperationsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r29
      r303
      r313
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disposal group that is classified as held-for-sale. Excludes disposals classified as discontinued operations.
        label: Disposal Group, Held-for-sale, Not Discontinued Operations [Member]
        terseLabel: Disposal Group, Held-for-sale, Not Discontinued Operations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupHeldforsaleNotDiscontinuedOperationsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r5
      r6
      r27
      r311
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as accounts, notes and loans receivable attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Accounts, Notes and Loans Receivable, Net
        terseLabel: Accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAccountsNotesAndLoansReceivableNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAccountsPayable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r5
      r6
      r27
      r311
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as accounts payable attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Accounts Payable
        terseLabel: Accounts payable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAccountsPayable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r5
      r6
      r27
      r311
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSGGUniqueFiberBalanceSheetDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as accounts payable and accrued liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities
        terseLabel: Accounts payable and accrued expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSGGUniqueFiberBalanceSheetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r5
      r6
      r27
      r305
      r311
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as accrued liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of, expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Accrued Liabilities, Current
        terseLabel: Accrued expenses and other current liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCashAndCashEquivalents: {
     auth_ref: [
      r5
      r6
      r27
      r311
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as cash and cash equivalents attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Cash and Cash Equivalents
        terseLabel: Cash and cash equivalents
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCashAndCashEquivalents
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationConsideration: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of consideration received or receivable for the disposal of assets and liabilities, including discontinued operation.
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Consideration
        terseLabel: Cash consideration to be received for sale of business
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationConsideration
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCostsOfGoodsSold: {
     auth_ref: [
      r25
      r33
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTildaStatementofOperationsDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationGrossProfitLoss
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of costs of goods sold attributable to disposal group, including, but not limited to, discontinued operation.
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Costs of Goods Sold
        terseLabel: Cost of sales
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCostsOfGoodsSold
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSHainPureProteinStatementofOperationsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTildaStatementofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationDeferredTaxLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r5
      r6
      r27
      r311
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as deferred tax liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Deferred Tax Liabilities
        terseLabel: Deferred tax liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationDeferredTaxLiabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationForeignCurrencyTranslationGainsLosses: {
     auth_ref: [
      r658
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTildaStatementofOperationsDetails: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of foreign currency translation gain (loss) in the disposal group, including discontinued operation, recognized in the statement of income as a result of the sale or complete or substantially complete liquidation of an investment in a foreign entity.
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Foreign Currency Translation Gains (Losses)
        negatedTerseLabel: Translation loss
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationForeignCurrencyTranslationGainsLosses
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTildaStatementofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r25
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSHainPureProteinStatementofOperationsDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTildaStatementofOperationsDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of general and administrative expense attributable to disposal group, including, but not limited to, discontinued operation.
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, General and Administrative Expense
        terseLabel: Selling, general and administrative expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSHainPureProteinStatementofOperationsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTildaStatementofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationGoodwill1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r5
      r6
      r27
      r311
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSDreamandWestSoyBalanceSheetDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as goodwill attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Goodwill
        terseLabel: Goodwill
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationGoodwill1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSDreamandWestSoyBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationGrossProfitLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r25
      r33
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSHainPureProteinStatementofOperationsDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTildaStatementofOperationsDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gross profit attributable to disposal group, including, but not limited to, discontinued operation.
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Gross Profit (Loss)
        totalLabel: Gross profit (loss)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationGrossProfitLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSHainPureProteinStatementofOperationsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTildaStatementofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationIntangibleAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r5
      r6
      r27
      r311
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSDreamandWestSoyBalanceSheetDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSGGUniqueFiberBalanceSheetDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as intangible assets, excluding goodwill, attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Intangible Assets
        terseLabel: Other intangible assets, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationIntangibleAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSDreamandWestSoyBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSGGUniqueFiberBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationInterestExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r14
      r15
      r25
      r34
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTildaStatementofOperationsDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of interest expense attributable to disposal group, including, but not limited to, discontinued operation.
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Interest Expense
        terseLabel: Interest expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationInterestExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTildaStatementofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationInventory1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r5
      r6
      r27
      r311
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSDreamandWestSoyBalanceSheetDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSGGUniqueFiberBalanceSheetDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as inventory attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Inventory
        terseLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationInventory1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSDreamandWestSoyBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSGGUniqueFiberBalanceSheetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOtherAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r5
      r6
      r27
      r311
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSDreamandWestSoyBalanceSheetDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSGGUniqueFiberBalanceSheetDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as other assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Other Assets
        terseLabel: Other assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOtherAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSDreamandWestSoyBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSGGUniqueFiberBalanceSheetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOtherExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r25
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSHainPureProteinStatementofOperationsDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTildaStatementofOperationsDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DiscontinuedOperationIncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationBeforeIncomeTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of other expense attributable to disposal group, including, but not limited to, discontinued operation.
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Other Expense
        terseLabel: Other expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOtherExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSHainPureProteinStatementofOperationsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTildaStatementofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOtherLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r5
      r6
      r27
      r311
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as other liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Other Liabilities
        terseLabel: Other liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationOtherLiabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationPrepaidAndOtherAssetsCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r5
      r6
      r27
      r305
      r311
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails: {
       order: 8.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as prepaid and other assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of, expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Prepaid and Other Assets, Current
        terseLabel: Prepaid expenses and other current assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationPrepaidAndOtherAssetsCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r5
      r6
      r27
      r311
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSGGUniqueFiberBalanceSheetDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as property, plant and equipment attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Property, Plant and Equipment
        terseLabel: Property, plant and equipment classified as held for sale
        verboseLabel: Property, plant and equipment, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationPropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSGGUniqueFiberBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationRevenue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r25
      r33
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTildaStatementofOperationsDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationGrossProfitLoss
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of revenue attributable to disposal group, including, but not limited to, discontinued operation.
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Revenue
        terseLabel: Net sales
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationRevenue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSHainPureProteinStatementofOperationsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTildaStatementofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r35
      r315
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure related to a disposal group. Includes, but is not limited to, a discontinued operation, disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.
        label: Disposal Groups, Including Discontinued Operations, Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: DISPOSITIONS
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONS
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r460
      r463
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Name of disposal group.
        label: Disposal Group Name [Domain]
        terseLabel: Disposal Group Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSDreamandWestSoyBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSGGUniqueFiberBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSHainPureProteinStatementofOperationsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTildaStatementofOperationsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/RELATEDPARTYTRANSACTIONSDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_DomesticCountryMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Designated tax department of the government that is entitled to levy and collect income taxes from the entity in its country of domicile.
        label: Domestic Tax Authority [Member]
        terseLabel: Federal
       }
      }
     }
     localname: DomesticCountryMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Earnings Per Share [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Earnings Per Share [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r121
      r170
      r171
      r172
      r173
      r174
      r179
      r181
      r187
      r188
      r189
      r193
      r194
      r623
      r624
      r755
      r773
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) for the period per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period.
        label: Earnings Per Share, Basic
        totalLabel: Basic net income (loss) per common share (USD per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareBasic
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/EARNINGSLOSSPERSHAREComputationofBasicandDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Earnings Per Share, Basic [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Basic net income (loss) per common share:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareBasicAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/EARNINGSLOSSPERSHAREComputationofBasicandDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Earnings Per Share, Basic and Diluted [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Net income (loss) per common share:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted: {
     auth_ref: [
      r121
      r170
      r171
      r172
      r173
      r174
      r181
      r187
      r188
      r189
      r193
      r194
      r623
      r624
      r755
      r773
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) for the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period.
        label: Earnings Per Share, Diluted
        totalLabel: Diluted net income (loss) per common share (USD per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareDiluted
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/EARNINGSLOSSPERSHAREComputationofBasicandDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Earnings Per Share, Diluted [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Diluted net income (loss) per common share:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareDilutedAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/EARNINGSLOSSPERSHAREComputationofBasicandDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r190
      r191
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors, including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends, splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.
        label: Earnings Per Share, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Net Income (Loss) Per Share
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerSharePolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EarningsPerShareTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r190
      r191
      r192
      r195
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for earnings per share.
        label: Earnings Per Share [Text Block]
        terseLabel: EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EarningsPerShareTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/EARNINGSLOSSPERSHARE
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents: {
     auth_ref: [
      r651
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) from effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents, and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; held in foreign currencies. Excludes amounts for disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes, but is not limited to, currency on hand, demand deposits with banks or financial institutions, and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include, but are not limited to, short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.
        label: Effect of Exchange Rate on Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents
        terseLabel: Effect of exchange rate changes on cash
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalents
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r651
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: hain_NetCashProvidedByUsedinDiscontinuedOperationsIncludingExchangeRateEffect
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) from effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents, and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; held in foreign currencies; attributable to disposal group, including, but not limited to, discontinued operations. Cash includes, but is not limited to, currency on hand, demand deposits with banks or financial institutions, and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include, but are not limited to, short-term, highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.
        label: Effect of Exchange Rate on Cash, Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash and Restricted Cash Equivalents, Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operations
        terseLabel: Effect of exchange rate changes on cash - discontinued operations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectOfExchangeRateOnCashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r519
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Percent
        totalLabel: Provision (benefit) for income taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperationsTaxRateReconciliationAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Percent [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Percent
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperationsTaxRateReconciliationAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r156
      r519
      r553
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of domestic federal statutory tax rate applicable to pretax income (loss).
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate, Percent
        terseLabel: Expected United States federal income tax at statutory rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r519
      r553
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to changes in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance, Percent
        terseLabel: Change in valuation allowance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r519
      r553
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to changes in the income tax rates.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Change in Enacted Tax Rate, Percent
        terseLabel: Change in foreign tax rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDispositionOfBusiness: {
     auth_ref: [
      r519
      r553
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to disposition of a business not qualifying as a discontinued operation.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Disposition of Business, Percent
        terseLabel: Loss on disposal of subsidiary
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationDispositionOfBusiness
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential: {
     auth_ref: [
      r519
      r553
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 11.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to statutory income tax expense (benefit) outside of the country of domicile.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Foreign Income Tax Rate Differential, Percent
        terseLabel: Foreign income at different rates
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseImpairmentLosses: {
     auth_ref: [
      r519
      r553
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to impairment loss.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Nondeductible Expense, Impairment Losses, Percent
        terseLabel: Impairment of intangible assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseImpairmentLosses
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r519
      r553
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to other adjustments.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Other Adjustments, Percent
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationOtherAdjustments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationRepatriationOfForeignEarnings: {
     auth_ref: [
      r519
      r553
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 8.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to the repatriation of foreign earnings.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Repatriation of Foreign Earnings, Percent
        terseLabel: Tax Act\u2019s transition tax
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationRepatriationOfForeignEarnings
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes: {
     auth_ref: [
      r519
      r553
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 10.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit), net of federal tax expense (benefit).
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, State and Local Income Taxes, Percent
        terseLabel: State income taxes, net of federal (benefit) provision
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxContingencies: {
     auth_ref: [
      r519
      r553
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 12.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EffectiveIncomeTaxRateContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to income tax contingencies. Includes, but not limited to, domestic tax contingency, foreign tax contingency, state and local tax contingency, and other contingencies.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Tax Contingency, Percent
        terseLabel: Change in reserves for uncertain tax positions
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTaxContingencies
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Expensed and Capitalized, Amount [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Expensed and Capitalized, Amount [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSCompensationCostAndRelatedIncomeTaxBenefitsRecognizedDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r493
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted-average period over which cost not yet recognized is expected to be recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Nonvested Award, Cost Not yet Recognized, Period for Recognition
        terseLabel: Period for recognition (years)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedPeriodForRecognition1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r493
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost to be recognized for nonvested award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes share and unit options.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Nonvested Award, Excluding Option, Cost Not yet Recognized, Amount
        terseLabel: Unrecognized stock-based compensation expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedShareBasedAwardsOtherThanOptions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r493
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost to be recognized for option under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Nonvested Award, Option, Cost Not yet Recognized, Amount
        terseLabel: Unrecognized compensation expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationNonvestedAwardsTotalCompensationCostNotYetRecognizedStockOptions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r492
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of tax benefit for recognition of expense of award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Expense, Tax Benefit
        verboseLabel: Related income tax benefit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationTaxBenefitFromCompensationExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSCompensationCostAndRelatedIncomeTaxBenefitsRecognizedDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeSeveranceMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Termination of an employee associated with exit from or disposal of business activities or restructurings pursuant to a plan.
        label: Employee Severance [Member]
        terseLabel: Termination benefits and personnel realignment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeSeveranceMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/TERMINATIONBENEFITSRELATEDTOPRODUCTIVITYANDTRANSFORMATIONINITIATIVESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EmployeeStockOptionMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r490
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based payment arrangement granting right, subject to vesting and other restrictions, to purchase or sell certain number of shares at predetermined price for specified period of time.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Option [Member]
        terseLabel: Stock-Based Awards
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EmployeeStockOptionMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/EARNINGSLOSSPERSHARENarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Revenue from External Customer [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Revenue from External Customer [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomerLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONNetSalesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Equity [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Equity [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquityClassOfTreasuryStockLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Equity, Class of Treasury Stock [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Equity, Class of Treasury Stock [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityClassOfTreasuryStockLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquityComponentDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r2
      r110
      r111
      r112
      r161
      r162
      r163
      r166
      r175
      r177
      r197
      r270
      r411
      r416
      r499
      r500
      r501
      r545
      r546
      r622
      r654
      r655
      r656
      r657
      r658
      r661
      r783
      r784
      r785
      r829
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Components of equity are the parts of the total Equity balance including that which is allocated to common, preferred, treasury stock, retained earnings, etc.
        label: Equity Component [Domain]
        terseLabel: Equity Component [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityComponentDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESCashFlowHedgesandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESPreTaxEffectofDerivativeFinancialInstrumentsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESRecentlyIssuedandAdoptedAdoptedAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage: {
     auth_ref: [
      r262
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The percentage of ownership of common stock or equity participation in the investee accounted for under the equity method of accounting.
        label: Equity Method Investment, Ownership Percentage
        terseLabel: Ownership percentage
        verboseLabel: Equity method investment, ownership percentage (less than)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityMethodInvestmentOwnershipPercentage
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FINANCIALINSTRUMENTSMEASUREDATFAIRVALUENarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INVESTMENTSDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r66
      r228
      r260
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: This item represents the carrying amount on the entity's balance sheet of its investment in common stock of an equity method investee. This is not an indicator of the fair value of the investment, rather it is the initial cost adjusted for the entity's share of earnings and losses of the investee, adjusted for any distributions (dividends) and other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses recognized.
        label: Equity Method Investments
        terseLabel: Carrying value of investment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityMethodInvestments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INVESTMENTSDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsAndJointVenturesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Equity Method Investments and Joint Ventures [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Equity Method Investments and Joint Ventures [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityMethodInvestmentsAndJointVenturesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquityMethodInvestmentsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r265
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for equity method investments and joint ventures. Equity method investments are investments that give the investor the ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial policies of an investee. Joint ventures are entities owned and operated by a small group of businesses as a separate and specific business or project for the mutual benefit of the members of the group.
        label: Equity Method Investments and Joint Ventures Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: INVESTMENTS
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquityMethodInvestmentsDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INVESTMENTS
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_EquitySecuritiesFvNi: {
     auth_ref: [
      r632
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FINANCIALINSTRUMENTSMEASUREDATFAIRVALUEAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonaRecurringBasisDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsFairValueDisclosure
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of investment in equity security measured at fair value with change in fair value recognized in net income (FV-NI), classified as current.
        label: Equity Securities, FV-NI, Current
        terseLabel: Equity investment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: EquitySecuritiesFvNi
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FINANCIALINSTRUMENTSMEASUREDATFAIRVALUEAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonaRecurringBasisDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring and Nonrecurring Basis [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FINANCIALINSTRUMENTSMEASUREDATFAIRVALUEAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonaRecurringBasisDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r626
      r627
      r628
      r630
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about asset and liability measured at fair value on recurring and nonrecurring basis.
        label: Fair Value, Recurring and Nonrecurring [Table]
        terseLabel: Fair Value, Recurring and Nonrecurring [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringAndNonrecurringBasisTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FINANCIALINSTRUMENTSMEASUREDATFAIRVALUEAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonaRecurringBasisDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r379
      r392
      r393
      r441
      r443
      r444
      r445
      r446
      r447
      r448
      r456
      r627
      r710
      r711
      r712
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by level within fair value hierarchy and fair value measured at net asset value per share as practical expedient.
        label: Fair Value Hierarchy and NAV [Axis]
        terseLabel: Fair Value Hierarchy and NAV [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueByFairValueHierarchyLevelAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FINANCIALINSTRUMENTSMEASUREDATFAIRVALUEAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonaRecurringBasisDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Fair Value Disclosures [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Fair Value Disclosures [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueDisclosuresAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r629
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined), including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively, as defined), and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments, assets, and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value, disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including, carrying amount, effective interest rate, and maturity, and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity, region, or economic characteristics identifying a concentration, (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item, (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security, and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election, (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings, (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet, the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.
        label: Fair Value Disclosures [Text Block]
        terseLabel: FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueDisclosuresTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FINANCIALINSTRUMENTSMEASUREDATFAIRVALUE
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel1Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r379
      r441
      r443
      r448
      r456
      r627
      r710
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the reporting entity can access at the measurement date.
        label: Fair Value, Inputs, Level 1 [Member]
        terseLabel: Quoted prices\u00a0in active markets (Level\u00a01)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueInputsLevel1Member
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FINANCIALINSTRUMENTSMEASUREDATFAIRVALUEAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonaRecurringBasisDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel2Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r379
      r392
      r393
      r441
      r443
      r448
      r456
      r627
      r711
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for an asset or liability, either directly or indirectly, including, but not limited to, quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, or quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in inactive markets.
        label: Fair Value, Inputs, Level 2 [Member]
        terseLabel: Significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueInputsLevel2Member
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FINANCIALINSTRUMENTSMEASUREDATFAIRVALUEAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonaRecurringBasisDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueInputsLevel3Member: {
     auth_ref: [
      r379
      r392
      r393
      r441
      r443
      r444
      r445
      r446
      r447
      r448
      r456
      r627
      r712
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Unobservable inputs that reflect the entity's own assumption about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing.
        label: Fair Value, Inputs, Level 3 [Member]
        terseLabel: Significant unobservable inputs (Level\u00a03)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueInputsLevel3Member
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FINANCIALINSTRUMENTSMEASUREDATFAIRVALUEAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonaRecurringBasisDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueMeasurementsFairValueHierarchyDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r379
      r392
      r393
      r441
      r443
      r444
      r445
      r446
      r447
      r448
      r456
      r710
      r711
      r712
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Categories used to prioritize the inputs to valuation techniques to measure fair value.
        label: Fair Value Hierarchy and NAV [Domain]
        terseLabel: Fair Value, Measurements, Fair Value Hierarchy [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueMeasurementsFairValueHierarchyDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FINANCIALINSTRUMENTSMEASUREDATFAIRVALUEAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonaRecurringBasisDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r631
      r633
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for determining the fair value of financial instruments.
        label: Fair Value of Financial Instruments, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Fair Value of Financial Instruments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValueOfFinancialInstrumentsPolicy
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FairValuesDerivativesBalanceSheetLocationByDerivativeContractTypeByHedgingDesignationTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r586
      r593
      r610
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule that discloses the location and fair value amounts of derivative instruments (and nonderivative instruments that are designated and qualify as hedging instruments) reported in the statement of financial position.
        label: Fair Values Derivatives, Balance Sheet Location, by Derivative Contract Type [Table]
        terseLabel: Fair Values Derivatives, Balance Sheet Location, by Derivative Contract Type [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FairValuesDerivativesBalanceSheetLocationByDerivativeContractTypeByHedgingDesignationTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESBalanceSheetLocationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseImpairmentLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r671
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of impairment loss from right-of-use asset from finance lease.
        label: Finance Lease, Impairment Loss
        terseLabel: Finance lease, ROU asset impairment charge
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseImpairmentLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESLeaseExpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseInterestPaymentOnLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r678
      r686
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of interest paid on finance lease liability.
        label: Finance Lease, Interest Payment on Liability
        terseLabel: Operating cash flows from finance leases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseInterestPaymentOnLiability
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESOtherInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilitiesPaymentsDueAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Finance Lease, Liability, Payment, Due [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Finance leases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilitiesPaymentsDueAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r674
      r691
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails_1: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from finance lease.
        label: Finance Lease, Liability
        terseLabel: Total lease liabilities
        verboseLabel: Finance lease liability
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiability
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSComponentsofDebtDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r674
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: hain_LeaseLiability
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from finance lease, classified as current.
        label: Finance Lease, Liability, Current
        terseLabel: Current finance lease liability
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSComponentsofDebtDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityCurrentStatementOfFinancialPositionExtensibleList: {
     auth_ref: [
      r675
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicates line item in statement of financial position that includes current finance lease liability.
        label: Finance Lease, Liability, Current, Statement of Financial Position [Extensible Enumeration]
        terseLabel: Finance Lease, Liability, Current, Statement of Financial Position [Extensible List]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityCurrentStatementOfFinancialPositionExtensibleList
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: enumerationSetItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r691
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of undiscounted cash flows of finance lease liability. Includes, but is not limited to, reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to finance lease liability recognized in statement of financial position.
        label: Finance Lease, Liability, Fiscal Year Maturity [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Maturities of Lease Liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r674
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: hain_LeaseLiability
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from finance lease, classified as noncurrent.
        label: Finance Lease, Liability, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Non-current finance lease liability
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityNoncurrentStatementOfFinancialPositionExtensibleList: {
     auth_ref: [
      r675
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicates line item in statement of financial position that includes noncurrent finance lease liability.
        label: Finance Lease, Liability, Noncurrent, Statement of Financial Position [Extensible Enumeration]
        terseLabel: Finance Lease, Liability, Noncurrent, Statement of Financial Position [Extensible List]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityNoncurrentStatementOfFinancialPositionExtensibleList
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: enumerationSetItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r691
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails_1: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails_2: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: hain_LeaseLiabilityPaymentDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments for finance lease.
        label: Finance Lease, Liability, Payment, Due
        totalLabel: Total lease payments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r691
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for finance lease to be paid after fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Finance Lease, Liability, to be Paid, after Year Five
        terseLabel: Thereafter
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r691
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for finance lease to be paid in next fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Finance Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year One
        terseLabel: Year one
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r691
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for finance lease to be paid in fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Finance Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year Five
        terseLabel: Year five
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [
      r691
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: hain_LeaseLiabilityToBePaidYearFour
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for finance lease to be paid in fourth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Finance Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year Four
        terseLabel: Year four
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [
      r691
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for finance lease to be paid in third fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Finance Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year Three
        terseLabel: Year three
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r691
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for finance lease to be paid in second fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Finance Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year Two
        terseLabel: Year two
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r691
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: hain_LeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails_1: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_FinanceLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments in excess of discounted obligation for lease payments for finance lease.
        label: Finance Lease, Liability, Undiscounted Excess Amount
        terseLabel: Less: Imputed interest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeasePrincipalPayments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r677
      r686
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow for principal payment on finance lease.
        label: Finance Lease, Principal Payments
        terseLabel: Financing cash flows from finance leases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeasePrincipalPayments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESOtherInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAsset: {
     auth_ref: [
      r673
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: hain_LeaseRightofUseAsset
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after accumulated amortization, of right-of-use asset from finance lease.
        label: Finance Lease, Right-of-Use Asset, after Accumulated Amortization
        terseLabel: Finance lease ROU assets, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAsset
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetStatementOfFinancialPositionExtensibleList: {
     auth_ref: [
      r675
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicates line item in statement of financial position that includes finance lease right-of-use asset.
        label: Finance Lease, Right-of-Use Asset, Statement of Financial Position [Extensible Enumeration]
        terseLabel: Finance Lease, Right-of-Use Asset, Statement of Financial Position [Extensible Enumeration]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetStatementOfFinancialPositionExtensibleList
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: enumerationSetItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r689
      r692
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average discount rate for finance lease calculated at point in time.
        label: Finance Lease, Weighted Average Discount Rate, Percent
        terseLabel: Weighted average discount rate, finance leases (percentage)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESOtherInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FinanceLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r688
      r692
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining lease term for finance lease, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Finance Lease, Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term
        terseLabel: Weighted average remaining lease term, finance lease (in years)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FinanceLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESOtherInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Useful Life
        terseLabel: Finite-lived intangible asset, useful life (in years)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetUsefulLife
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r296
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSComponentsofOtherIntangibleAssetsDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Accumulated amount of amortization of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Accumulated Amortization
        negatedLabel: Less: accumulated amortization and impairment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAccumulatedAmortization
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSComponentsofOtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r298
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in next fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Year One
        verboseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseNextTwelveMonths
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSExpectedAmortizationExpenseOverNextFiveFiscalYearsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of amortization expense of assets, excluding financial assets, that lack physical substance, having a limited useful life.
        label: Finite-lived Intangible Assets Amortization Expense [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of Amortization Expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r298
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Year Five
        verboseLabel: 2026
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFive
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSExpectedAmortizationExpenseOverNextFiveFiscalYearsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [
      r298
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in fourth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Year Four
        verboseLabel: 2025
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearFour
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSExpectedAmortizationExpenseOverNextFiveFiscalYearsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [
      r298
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in third fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Year Three
        verboseLabel: 2024
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearThree
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSExpectedAmortizationExpenseOverNextFiveFiscalYearsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r298
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of amortization for assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with finite life expected to be recognized in second fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Asset, Expected Amortization, Year Two
        verboseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsAmortizationExpenseYearTwo
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSExpectedAmortizationExpenseOverNextFiveFiscalYearsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Net, Amortization Expense, Fiscal Year Maturity [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Net, Amortization Expense, Fiscal Year Maturity [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSExpectedAmortizationExpenseOverNextFiveFiscalYearsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGrossAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Gross [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Amortized intangible assets:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGrossAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSComponentsofOtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSComponentsofOtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNetAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Net [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Non-amortized intangible assets:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsNetAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSComponentsofOtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsRemainingAmortizationPeriod1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r727
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Remaining amortization period of finite-lived intangible assets, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Remaining Amortization Period
        terseLabel: Weighted average remaining amortization period (in years)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsRemainingAmortizationPeriod1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ForeignCountryMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Designated tax departments of governments entitled to levy and collect income taxes from the entity outside the entity's country of domicile.
        label: Foreign Tax Authority [Member]
        terseLabel: Foreign
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ForeignCountryMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r663
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for (1) transactions denominated in a currency other than the reporting enterprise's functional currency, (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation, combination, or the equity method of accounting, and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.
        label: Foreign Currency Transactions and Translations Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Foreign Currency Translation and Remeasurement
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ForeignCurrencyTransactionsAndTranslationsPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ForeignEarningsRepatriated: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of foreign earnings repatriated from subsidiaries outside the country of domicile.
        label: Foreign Earnings Repatriated
        terseLabel: Foreign earnings not permanently reinvested
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ForeignEarningsRepatriated
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ForeignExchangeForwardMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Foreign exchange forward traded on an exchange (examples include but are not limited to the International Securities Exchange, Philadelphia Stock Exchange, or the Chicago Mercantile Exchange) for options or future contracts to buy or sell a certain currency, at a specified date, at a fixed exercise exchange rate.
        label: Foreign Exchange Forward [Member]
        terseLabel: Foreign currency forward contracts
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ForeignExchangeForwardMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESBalanceSheetLocationDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESCashFlowHedgesandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESDerivativeInformationDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESNotDesignatedasHedgingInstrumentsandConsolidatedStatementofOperationsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESPreTaxEffectofDerivativeFinancialInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_FurnitureAndFixturesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equipment commonly used in offices and stores that have no permanent connection to the structure of a building or utilities. Examples include, but are not limited to, desks, chairs, tables, and bookcases.
        label: Furniture and Fixtures [Member]
        terseLabel: Furniture and fixtures
       }
      }
     }
     localname: FurnitureAndFixturesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPPEUsefulLifeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r142
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of assets, including but not limited to property plant and equipment, intangible assets and equity in securities of subsidiaries or equity method investee.
        label: Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Assets
        verboseLabel: Pre-tax gain (loss) on sale of assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GainLossOnDispositionOfAssets1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GainLossOnFairValueHedgesRecognizedInEarnings: {
     auth_ref: [
      r594
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total amount of gain (loss) derived from fair value hedges recognized in earnings in the period.
        label: Gain (Loss) on Fair Value Hedges Recognized in Earnings
        terseLabel: Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivatives
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GainLossOnFairValueHedgesRecognizedInEarnings
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESNotDesignatedasHedgingInstrumentsandConsolidatedStatementofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfBusiness: {
     auth_ref: [
      r142
      r574
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 8.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) from sale and disposal of integrated set of activities and assets capable of being conducted and managed for purpose of providing return in form of dividend, lower cost, or other economic benefit to investor, owner, member and participant.
        label: Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Business
        negatedLabel: (Gain) loss on sale of businesses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GainLossOnSaleOfBusiness
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r142
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of gain (loss) on sale or disposal of property, plant and equipment assets, including oil and gas property and timber property.
        label: Gain (Loss) on Disposition of Property Plant Equipment
        negatedLabel: Gain on sale of assets
        terseLabel: Gain on sale of manufacturing facility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GainLossOnSaleOfPropertyPlantEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GainOnBusinessInterruptionInsuranceRecovery: {
     auth_ref: [
      r129
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 9.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The net amount (to the extent disclosed within this portion of the income statement) by which an insurance settlement exceeds incremental costs incurred from the event causing an interruption of business, plus the insurance award for earnings lost from the event, such as a natural catastrophe, explosion or fire.
        label: Gain on Business Interruption Insurance Recovery
        negatedTerseLabel: Proceeds from insurance claim
        terseLabel: Proceeds from insurance claim
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GainOnBusinessInterruptionInsuranceRecovery
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_Goodwill: {
     auth_ref: [
      r280
      r282
      r706
      r743
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after accumulated impairment loss of an asset representing future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized.
        label: Goodwill
        periodEndLabel: Goodwill
        periodStartLabel: Goodwill
        terseLabel: Goodwill
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Goodwill
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSChangesinCarryingAmountofGoodwillDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r302
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for goodwill and intangible assets.
        label: Goodwill and Intangible Assets Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETS
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r286
      r293
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for goodwill and intangible assets. This accounting policy also may address how an entity assesses and measures impairment of goodwill and intangible assets.
        label: Goodwill and Intangible Assets, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Goodwill and Other Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillAndIntangibleAssetsPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r285
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of foreign currency translation gain (loss) which increases (decreases) an asset representing future economic benefits from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized.
        label: Goodwill, Foreign Currency Translation Gain (Loss)
        terseLabel: Translation and other adjustments, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSChangesinCarryingAmountofGoodwillDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillImpairmentLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r142
      r281
      r284
      r287
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of loss from the write-down of an asset representing the future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized.
        label: Goodwill, Impairment Loss
        negatedTerseLabel: Impairment charge
        terseLabel: Goodwill impairment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillImpairmentLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSChangesinCarryingAmountofGoodwillDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Goodwill [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Goodwill [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSChangesinCarryingAmountofGoodwillDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Goodwill [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Goodwill
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSChangesinCarryingAmountofGoodwillDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GoodwillWrittenOffRelatedToSaleOfBusinessUnit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r283
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of divestiture of an asset representing future economic benefits arising from other assets acquired in a business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized.
        label: Goodwill, Written off Related to Sale of Business Unit
        negatedTerseLabel: Divestiture
        terseLabel: Goodwill, written off related to sale of business unit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GoodwillWrittenOffRelatedToSaleOfBusinessUnit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSChangesinCarryingAmountofGoodwillDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_GrossProfit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r123
      r153
      r227
      r233
      r237
      r240
      r243
      r264
      r349
      r350
      r351
      r354
      r355
      r356
      r358
      r360
      r362
      r363
      r638
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 8.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate revenue less cost of goods and services sold or operating expenses directly attributable to the revenue generation activity.
        label: Gross Profit
        totalLabel: Gross profit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: GrossProfit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_HedgingDesignationAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r584
      r606
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by designation of purpose of derivative instrument.
        label: Hedging Designation [Axis]
        terseLabel: Hedging Designation [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: HedgingDesignationAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESBalanceSheetLocationDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESDerivativeInformationDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESNotDesignatedasHedgingInstrumentsandConsolidatedStatementofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_HedgingDesignationDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r584
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Designation of purpose of derivative instrument.
        label: Hedging Designation [Domain]
        terseLabel: Hedging Designation [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: HedgingDesignationDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESBalanceSheetLocationDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESDerivativeInformationDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESNotDesignatedasHedgingInstrumentsandConsolidatedStatementofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_HedgingRelationshipDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r584
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Nature or intent of a hedge.
        label: Hedging Relationship [Domain]
        terseLabel: Hedging Relationship [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: HedgingRelationshipDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESDerivativeInformationDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESNetInvestmentHedgesandAccumulatedotherComprehensiveLossDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill: {
     auth_ref: [
      r142
      r300
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of impairment loss recognized in the period resulting from the write-down of the carrying amount of an intangible asset (excluding goodwill) to fair value.
        label: Impairment of Intangible Assets (Excluding Goodwill)
        terseLabel: Long-lived asset and intangibles impairment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ImpairmentOfIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf: {
     auth_ref: [
      r142
      r304
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate amount of write-downs for impairments recognized during the period for long-lived assets held for abandonment, exchange or sale.
        label: Impairment of Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed of
        verboseLabel: Impairment charge
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ImpairmentOfLongLivedAssetsToBeDisposedOf
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsIncludingIntangibleAssetsPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for the impairment and disposal of long-lived assets including goodwill and other intangible assets.
        label: Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets, Including Intangible Assets, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Valuation of Long-Lived Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ImpairmentOrDisposalOfLongLivedAssetsIncludingIntangibleAssetsPolicyPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r124
      r143
      r170
      r171
      r172
      r173
      r186
      r189
      r567
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 11.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to the parent.
        label: Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations, Net of Tax, Attributable to Parent
        terseLabel: Net income (loss) from continuing operations
        totalLabel: Net income (loss) from continuing operations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/EARNINGSLOSSPERSHAREComputationofBasicandDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r155
      r552
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The portion of earnings or loss from continuing operations before income taxes that is attributable to domestic operations.
        label: Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes, Domestic
        terseLabel: Domestic
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesDomestic
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesForeign: {
     auth_ref: [
      r155
      r552
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The portion of earnings or loss from continuing operations before income taxes that is attributable to foreign operations, which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile.
        label: Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Income Taxes, Foreign
        terseLabel: Foreign
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesForeign
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r227
      r233
      r237
      r240
      r243
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations before deduction of income tax expense (benefit) and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest, and addition of income (loss) from equity method investments.
        label: Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations before Equity Method Investments, Income Taxes, Noncontrolling Interest
        totalLabel: Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in net loss (income) of equity-method investees
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r114
      r121
      r165
      r170
      r171
      r172
      r173
      r181
      r187
      r188
      r624
      r749
      r751
      r755
      r768
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) from continuing operations per each share of common stock or unit outstanding during the reporting period.
        label: Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations, Per Basic Share
        terseLabel: Basic net income (loss) per common share from continuing operations (USD per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerBasicShare
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/EARNINGSLOSSPERSHAREComputationofBasicandDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerDilutedShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r114
      r121
      r165
      r170
      r171
      r172
      r173
      r181
      r187
      r188
      r189
      r624
      r755
      r768
      r771
      r773
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of net income (loss) derived from continuing operations during the period available to each share of common stock or common unit outstanding during the reporting period and to each share or unit that would have been outstanding assuming the issuance of common shares or units for all dilutive potential common shares or units outstanding during the reporting period.
        label: Income (Loss) from Continuing Operations, Per Diluted Share
        terseLabel: Diluted net income (loss) per common share from continuing operations (USD per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsPerDilutedShare
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/EARNINGSLOSSPERSHAREComputationofBasicandDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxAttributableToReportingEntity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r10
      r11
      r12
      r13
      r16
      r24
      r30
      r568
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTildaStatementofOperationsDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation attributable to the parent. Includes, but is not limited to, the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period, gain (loss) on disposal, gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value, less cost to sell, and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.
        label: Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations, Net of Tax, Attributable to Parent
        terseLabel: Net income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax
        totalLabel: Net income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxAttributableToReportingEntity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSHainPureProteinStatementofOperationsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTildaStatementofOperationsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/EARNINGSLOSSPERSHAREComputationofBasicandDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerBasicShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r117
      r121
      r185
      r187
      r188
      r755
      r769
      r771
      r773
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareBasic
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Per basic share amount, after tax, of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.
        label: Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations and Disposal of Discontinued Operations, Net of Tax, Per Basic Share
        terseLabel: Basic net income (loss) per common share from discontinued operations (USD per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerBasicShare
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/EARNINGSLOSSPERSHAREComputationofBasicandDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerDilutedShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r185
      r187
      r188
      r577
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_EarningsPerShareDiluted
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Per diluted share amount, after tax, of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.
        label: Income (Loss) from Discontinued Operations and Disposal of Discontinued Operations, Net of Tax, Per Diluted Share
        terseLabel: Diluted net income (loss) per common share from discontinued operations (USD per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeLossFromDiscontinuedOperationsNetOfTaxPerDilutedShare
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/EARNINGSLOSSPERSHAREComputationofBasicandDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r116
      r142
      r224
      r260
      r750
      r767
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 12.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations
       weight: -1.0
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (loss) for proportionate share of equity method investee's income (loss).
        label: Income (Loss) from Equity Method Investments
        negatedTerseLabel: Equity in net loss of equity-method investees
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Income Statement [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Income Statement [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeStatementAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r460
      r463
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by name of disposal group.
        label: Disposal Group Name [Axis]
        terseLabel: Disposal Group Name [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSDreamandWestSoyBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSGGUniqueFiberBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSHainPureProteinStatementofOperationsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTildaStatementofOperationsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/RELATEDPARTYTRANSACTIONSDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Income Statement, Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups, Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Income Statement, Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups, Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSDreamandWestSoyBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSGGUniqueFiberBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSHainPureProteinStatementofOperationsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTildaStatementofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r6
      r18
      r19
      r20
      r21
      r22
      r23
      r28
      r31
      r32
      r33
      r313
      r314
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about a disposal group. Includes, but is not limited to, a discontinued operation, disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.
        label: Disposal Groups, Including Discontinued Operations [Table]
        terseLabel: Disposal Groups, Including Discontinued Operations [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresByDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSDreamandWestSoyBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSGGUniqueFiberBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSHainPureProteinStatementofOperationsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTildaStatementofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r310
      r320
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by location in the income statement.
        label: Income Statement Location [Axis]
        terseLabel: Income Statement Location [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeStatementLocationAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESNetInvestmentHedgesandAccumulatedotherComprehensiveLossDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESNotDesignatedasHedgingInstrumentsandConsolidatedStatementofOperationsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESPreTaxEffectofDerivativeFinancialInstrumentsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FORMERCHIEFEXECUTIVEOFFICERSUCCESSIONPLANDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESLeaseExpenseDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSCompensationCostAndRelatedIncomeTaxBenefitsRecognizedDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeStatementLocationDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r320
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Location in the income statement.
        label: Income Statement Location [Domain]
        terseLabel: Income Statement Location [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeStatementLocationDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESNetInvestmentHedgesandAccumulatedotherComprehensiveLossDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESNotDesignatedasHedgingInstrumentsandConsolidatedStatementofOperationsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESPreTaxEffectofDerivativeFinancialInstrumentsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FORMERCHIEFEXECUTIVEOFFICERSUCCESSIONPLANDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESLeaseExpenseDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSCompensationCostAndRelatedIncomeTaxBenefitsRecognizedDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r522
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by tax jurisdiction.
        label: Income Tax Authority [Axis]
        terseLabel: Income Tax Authority [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxAuthorityAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxAuthorityDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Agency, division or body classification that levies income taxes, examines tax returns for compliance, or grants exemptions from or makes other decisions pertaining to income taxes.
        label: Income Tax Authority [Domain]
        terseLabel: Income Tax Authority [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxAuthorityDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Income Tax Disclosure [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r156
      r520
      r529
      r534
      r547
      r554
      r560
      r561
      r563
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position, net change during the year in the total valuation allowance, approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets, utilization of a tax carryback, and tax uncertainties information.
        label: Income Tax Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: INCOME TAXES
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXES
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r157
      r176
      r177
      r225
      r518
      r548
      r557
      r774
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperations
       weight: -1.0
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESProvisionforIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of current income tax expense (benefit) and deferred income tax expense (benefit) pertaining to continuing operations.
        label: Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Provision (benefit) for income taxes
        totalLabel: Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESProvisionforIncomeTaxesDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsIncomeTaxReconciliationAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Amount [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxExpenseBenefitContinuingOperationsIncomeTaxReconciliationAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r109
      r514
      r515
      r529
      r530
      r533
      r541
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes, which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances, recognizing investment tax credits, operating loss carryforwards, tax credit carryforwards, and other carryforwards, methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.
        label: Income Tax, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Income Taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance: {
     auth_ref: [
      r519
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to increase (decrease) in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Change in Deferred Tax Assets Valuation Allowance, Amount
        terseLabel: Change in valuation allowance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInDeferredTaxAssetsValuationAllowance
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r513
      r519
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 12.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations, attributable to increase (decrease) in the income tax rates.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Change in Enacted Tax Rate, Amount
        terseLabel: Change in foreign tax rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationChangeInEnactedTaxRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationDispositionOfBusiness: {
     auth_ref: [
      r519
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to the disposition of a business not qualifying as a discontinued operation.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Disposition of Business, Amount
        terseLabel: Loss on disposal of subsidiary
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationDispositionOfBusiness
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential: {
     auth_ref: [
      r519
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to foreign income tax expense (benefit).
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Foreign Income Tax Rate Differential, Amount
        terseLabel: Foreign income at different rates
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationForeignIncomeTaxRateDifferential
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r519
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 9.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of income tax expense or benefit for the period computed by applying the domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation at Federal Statutory Income Tax Rate, Amount
        terseLabel: Expected United States federal income tax at statutory rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitAtFederalStatutoryIncomeTaxRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseImpairmentLosses: {
     auth_ref: [
      r519
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 8.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to nondeductible impairment loss.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Nondeductible Expense, Impairment Losses, Amount
        terseLabel: Impairment of intangible assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationNondeductibleExpenseImpairmentLosses
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r519
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 11.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to other adjustments.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Other Adjustments, Amount
        terseLabel: Other
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationOtherAdjustments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationRepatriationOfForeignEarnings: {
     auth_ref: [
      r519
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to repatriation of foreign earnings.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Repatriation of Foreign Earnings, Amount
        terseLabel: Tax Act\u2019s transition tax
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationRepatriationOfForeignEarnings
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes: {
     auth_ref: [
      r519
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to state and local income tax expense (benefit).
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, State and Local Income Taxes, Amount
        terseLabel: State income taxes, net of federal (benefit) provision
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationStateAndLocalIncomeTaxes
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxContingencies: {
     auth_ref: [
      r519
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to increase (decrease) in income tax contingencies. Including, but not limited to, domestic tax contingency, foreign tax contingency, state and local tax contingency, and other contingencies.
        label: Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation, Tax Contingency, Amount
        terseLabel: Change in reserves for uncertain tax positions
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxReconciliationTaxContingencies
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncomeTaxesPaidNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r146
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign, federal, state, and local authorities as taxes on income, net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.
        label: Income Taxes Paid, Net
        terseLabel: Cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncomeTaxesPaidNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r141
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 13.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the amounts payable to vendors for goods and services received and the amount of obligations and expenses incurred but not paid.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Payable and Accrued Liabilities
        terseLabel: Accounts payable and accrued expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsPayableAndAccruedLiabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r141
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in amount due within one year (or one business cycle) from customers for the credit sale of goods and services.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Accounts Receivable
        negatedLabel: Accounts receivable
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInAccountsReceivable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInInventories: {
     auth_ref: [
      r141
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 10.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity, associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Inventories
        negatedLabel: Inventories
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInInventories
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Operating Capital [Abstract]
        terseLabel: (Decrease) increase in cash attributable to changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of amounts applicable to acquisitions/divestitures:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOperatingCapitalAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r141
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in operating assets classified as other.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Other Operating Assets
        negatedLabel: Other assets and liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInOtherOperatingAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r141
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 9.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses, and assets classified as other.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Prepaid Expense and Other Assets
        negatedLabel: Other current assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInPrepaidDeferredExpenseAndOtherAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Increase (Decrease) in Stockholders' Equity [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Increase (Decrease) in Stockholders' Equity [Roll Forward]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncreaseDecreaseInStockholdersEquityRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements: {
     auth_ref: [
      r182
      r183
      r184
      r189
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/EARNINGSLOSSPERSHAREComputationofBasicandDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Additional shares included in the calculation of diluted EPS as a result of the potentially dilutive effect of share based payment arrangements using the treasury stock method.
        label: Incremental Common Shares Attributable to Dilutive Effect of Share-based Payment Arrangements
        verboseLabel: Effect of dilutive stock options, unvested restricted stock and unvested restricted share units (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IncrementalCommonSharesAttributableToShareBasedPaymentArrangements
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/EARNINGSLOSSPERSHAREComputationofBasicandDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r292
      r299
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type or class of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.
        label: Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets [Axis]
        terseLabel: Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsByMajorClassAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSComponentsofOtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill: {
     auth_ref: [
      r299
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSComponentsofOtherIntangibleAssetsDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.
        label: Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets (Excluding Goodwill)
        terseLabel: Trademarks and trade names
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsExcludingGoodwill
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSComponentsofOtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsMajorClassNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r292
      r299
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The major class of indefinite-lived intangible asset (for example, trade names, etc. but not all-inclusive), excluding goodwill. A major class is composed of intangible assets that can be grouped together because they are similar, either by their nature or by their use in the operations of the company.
        label: Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets, Major Class Name [Domain]
        terseLabel: Indefinite-lived Intangible Assets, Major Class Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsMajorClassNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSComponentsofOtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill: {
     auth_ref: [
      r289
      r294
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSComponentsofOtherIntangibleAssetsDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets, excluding goodwill, as of the balance sheet date, net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
        label: Intangible Assets, Net (Excluding Goodwill)
        terseLabel: Trademarks and other intangible assets, net
        totalLabel: Net carrying amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSComponentsofOtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r115
      r221
      r664
      r667
      r756
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESCashFlowHedgesandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of the cost of borrowed funds accounted for as interest expense.
        label: Interest Expense
        terseLabel: Interest and other financing expense, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESCashFlowHedgesandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestExpenseMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r604
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing interest expense.
        label: Interest Expense [Member]
        terseLabel: Interest and other financing expense, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestExpenseMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESNetInvestmentHedgesandAccumulatedotherComprehensiveLossDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESPreTaxEffectofDerivativeFinancialInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestPaidNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r136
      r139
      r146
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash paid for interest, excluding capitalized interest, classified as operating activity. Includes, but is not limited to, payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.
        label: Interest Paid, Excluding Capitalized Interest, Operating Activities
        terseLabel: Interest paid
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestPaidNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSCreditAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InterestRateSwapMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r603
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Forward based contracts in which two parties agree to swap periodic payments that are fixed at the outset of the swap contract with variable payments based on a market interest rate (index rate) over a specified period.
        label: Interest Rate Swap [Member]
        terseLabel: Interest Rate Swap
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InterestRateSwapMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESBalanceSheetLocationDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESCashFlowHedgesandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESDerivativeInformationDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESPreTaxEffectofDerivativeFinancialInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r277
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes, but is not limited to, the basis of stating inventory, the method of determining inventory cost, the classes of inventory, and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.
        label: Inventory Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: INVENTORIES
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INVENTORIES
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryFinishedGoods: {
     auth_ref: [
      r81
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INVENTORIESDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Inventory, Finished Goods, Gross
        terseLabel: Finished goods
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryFinishedGoods
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INVENTORIESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryNet: {
     auth_ref: [
      r37
      r83
      r706
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INVENTORIESDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold, or consumed within one year or operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Inventory, Net
        terseLabel: Inventories
        totalLabel: Total inventories
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryNet
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INVENTORIESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryNetAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Inventory, Net [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Inventory, Net [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryNetAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r46
      r84
      r148
      r196
      r274
      r276
      r277
      r724
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes, including, but not limited to, basis for determining inventory amounts, methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes, loss recognition on impairment of inventories, and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.
        label: Inventory, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Inventory
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryWorkInProcessAndRawMaterials: {
     auth_ref: [
      r82
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INVENTORIESDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_InventoryNet
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of items held by the entity which are partially completed at the time of measurement and unprocessed items that will go through the production process and become part of the final product.  Includes supplies used directly or indirectly in the manufacturing or production process.  This element may be used when the reporting entity combines work in process and raw materials into an aggregate amount.
        label: Inventory, Work in Process and Raw Materials
        verboseLabel: Raw materials, work-in-progress and packaging
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryWorkInProcessAndRawMaterials
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INVENTORIESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InventoryWriteDown: {
     auth_ref: [
      r275
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of loss from reductions in inventory due to subsequent measurement adjustments, including, but not limited to, physical deterioration, obsolescence, or changes in price levels.
        label: Inventory Write-down
        terseLabel: Inventory write-down
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InventoryWriteDown
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INVENTORIESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures: {
     auth_ref: [
      r66
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of investment in equity method investee and investment in and advance to affiliate.
        label: Investments in and Advance to Affiliates, Subsidiaries, Associates, and Joint Ventures
        terseLabel: Investments and joint ventures
       }
      }
     }
     localname: InvestmentsInAffiliatesSubsidiariesAssociatesAndJointVentures
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LandMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r433
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Part of earth's surface not covered by water.
        label: Land [Member]
        terseLabel: Land
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LandMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LeaseCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r690
      r692
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESLeaseExpenseDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lease cost recognized by lessee for lease contract.
        label: Lease, Cost
        totalLabel: Total lease expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeaseCost
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESLeaseExpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LeaseCostTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r690
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of lessee's lease cost. Includes, but is not limited to, interest expense for finance lease, amortization of right-of-use asset for finance lease, operating lease cost, short-term lease cost, variable lease cost and sublease income.
        label: Lease, Cost [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Lease Expenses and Other Information
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeaseCostTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LeaseholdImprovementsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r307
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Additions or improvements to assets held under a lease arrangement.
        label: Leasehold Improvements [Member]
        terseLabel: Leasehold improvements
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeaseholdImprovementsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPPEUsefulLifeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LeasesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Leases [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LeasesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeFinanceLeasesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r693
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for finance leases of lessee. Includes, but is not limited to, description of lessee's finance lease and maturity analysis of finance lease liability.
        label: Lessee, Finance Leases [Text Block]
        terseLabel: LEASES
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeFinanceLeasesTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASES
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeLeaseDescriptionLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Lessee, Lease, Description [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Lessee, Lease, Description [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeLeaseDescriptionLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESLeaseExpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeLeaseDescriptionTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r681
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about lessee's leases.
        label: Lessee, Lease, Description [Table]
        terseLabel: Lessee, Lease, Description [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeLeaseDescriptionTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESLeaseExpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeLeasesPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r680
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for leasing arrangement entered into by lessee.
        label: Lessee, Leases [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Leases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeLeasesPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r691
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of undiscounted cash flows of lessee's operating lease liability. Includes, but is not limited to, reconciliation of undiscounted cash flows to operating lease liability recognized in statement of financial position.
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Maturity [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Maturities of Lease Liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityMaturityTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r691
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails_2: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: hain_LeaseLiabilityPaymentDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease.
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, to be Paid
        totalLabel: Total lease payments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r691
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: hain_LeaseLiabilityToBePaidAfterYearFive
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease due after fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, to be Paid, after Year Five
        terseLabel: Thereafter
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueAfterYearFive
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r691
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: hain_LeaseLiabilityToBePaidYearOne
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease to be paid in next fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year One
        verboseLabel: Year one
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueNextTwelveMonths
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r691
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: hain_LeaseLiabilityToBePaidYearFive
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease to be paid in fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year Five
        verboseLabel: Year five
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFive
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [
      r691
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: hain_LeaseLiabilityToBePaidYearFour
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease to be paid in fourth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year Four
        verboseLabel: Year four
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearFour
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [
      r691
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: hain_LeaseLiabilityToBePaidYearThree
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease to be paid in third fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year Three
        verboseLabel: Year three
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearThree
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r691
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: hain_LeaseLiabilityToBePaidYearTwo
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payment for operating lease to be paid in second fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, to be Paid, Year Two
        verboseLabel: Year two
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDueYearTwo
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r691
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's undiscounted obligation for lease payments in excess of discounted obligation for lease payments for operating lease.
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Undiscounted Excess Amount
        terseLabel: Less: Imputed interest
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityUndiscountedExcessAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeasesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r693
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for operating leases of lessee. Includes, but is not limited to, description of operating lease and maturity analysis of operating lease liability.
        label: Lessee, Operating Leases [Text Block]
        terseLabel: LEASES
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LesseeOperatingLeasesTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASES
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LetterOfCreditMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A document typically issued by a financial institution which acts as a guarantee of payment to a beneficiary, or as the source of payment for a specific transaction (for example, wiring funds to a foreign exporter if and when specified merchandise is accepted pursuant to the terms of the letter of credit).
        label: Letter of Credit [Member]
        terseLabel: Letter of credit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LetterOfCreditMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSCreditAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_Liabilities: {
     auth_ref: [
      r73
      r153
      r235
      r264
      r349
      r350
      r351
      r354
      r355
      r356
      r358
      r360
      r362
      r363
      r571
      r575
      r576
      r638
      r704
      r705
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all liabilities that are recognized. Liabilities are probable future sacrifices of economic benefits arising from present obligations of an entity to transfer assets or provide services to other entities in the future.
        label: Liabilities
        totalLabel: Total liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: Liabilities
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r60
      r153
      r264
      r638
      r706
      r747
      r765
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities and equity items, including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests, if any.
        label: Liabilities and Equity
        totalLabel: Total liabilities and stockholders\u2019 equity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities and Equity [Abstract]
        terseLabel: LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS\u2019 EQUITY
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquityAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r75
      r153
      r264
      r349
      r350
      r351
      r354
      r355
      r356
      r358
      r360
      r362
      r363
      r571
      r575
      r576
      r638
      r704
      r705
      r706
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle, if longer.
        label: Liabilities, Current
        totalLabel: Total current liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities, Current [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Current liabilities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesCurrentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure: {
     auth_ref: [
      r626
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FINANCIALINSTRUMENTSMEASUREDATFAIRVALUEAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonaRecurringBasisDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value of financial and nonfinancial obligations.
        label: Financial and Nonfinancial Liabilities, Fair Value Disclosure
        totalLabel: Total
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosure
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FINANCIALINSTRUMENTSMEASUREDATFAIRVALUEAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonaRecurringBasisDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Liabilities, Fair Value Disclosure [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Liabilities:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesFairValueDisclosureAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FINANCIALINSTRUMENTSMEASUREDATFAIRVALUEAssetsandLiabilitiesMeasuredatFairValueonaRecurringBasisDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r5
      r6
      r27
      r29
      r33
      r311
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSGGUniqueFiberBalanceSheetDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Liabilities
        totalLabel: Total liabilities
        verboseLabel: Liabilities related to assets held for sale
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSGGUniqueFiberBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Liabilities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: LIABILITIES
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSFruitBusinessBalanceSheetDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSGGUniqueFiberBalanceSheetDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r5
      r6
      r27
      r29
      r33
      r305
      r311
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount classified as liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of, expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Disposal Group, Including Discontinued Operation, Liabilities, Current
        terseLabel: Liabilities related to assets held for sale
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LiabilitiesOfDisposalGroupIncludingDiscontinuedOperationCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCredit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r51
      r746
      r760
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit, which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit, standby letters of credit, and revolving credit arrangements, under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before, as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis, or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision, (2) no violation exists at the BS date, and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.
        label: Long-term Line of Credit
        terseLabel: Line of credit
        verboseLabel: Line of credit facility outstanding
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCredit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSComponentsofDebtDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSCreditAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityFairValueOfAmountOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r634
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value of the amount outstanding under the credit facility.
        label: Line of Credit Facility, Fair Value of Amount Outstanding
        verboseLabel: Borrowings outstanding under credit agreement
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityFairValueOfAmountOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSCreditAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Line of Credit Facility [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Line of Credit Facility [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSComponentsofDebtDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSCreditAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r71
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Maximum borrowing capacity under the credit facility without consideration of any current restrictions on the amount that could be borrowed or the amounts currently outstanding under the facility.
        label: Line of Credit Facility, Maximum Borrowing Capacity
        terseLabel: Revolving credit facility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityMaximumBorrowingCapacity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSCreditAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r71
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of borrowing capacity currently available under the credit facility (current borrowing capacity less the amount of borrowings outstanding).
        label: Line of Credit Facility, Remaining Borrowing Capacity
        terseLabel: Available borrowing capacity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityRemainingBorrowingCapacity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSCreditAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r71
      r152
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A table or schedule providing information pertaining to short-term or long-term contractual arrangements with lenders, including letters of credit, standby letters of credit, and revolving credit arrangements, under which borrowings can be made up to maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before, as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line.
        label: Line of Credit Facility [Table]
        terseLabel: Line of Credit Facility [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSComponentsofDebtDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSCreditAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The fee, expressed as a percentage of the line of credit facility, for available but unused credit capacity under the credit facility.
        label: Line of Credit Facility, Unused Capacity, Commitment Fee Percentage
        terseLabel: Commitment fee percentage
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditFacilityUnusedCapacityCommitmentFeePercentage
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSCreditAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LineOfCreditMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A contractual arrangement with a lender under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time, and under which borrowings outstanding may be either short-term or long-term, depending upon the particulars.
        label: Line of Credit [Member]
        verboseLabel: Term Loan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LineOfCreditMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSCreditAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LitigationStatusAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by status of pending, threatened, or settled litigation.
        label: Litigation Status [Axis]
        terseLabel: Litigation Status [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LitigationStatusAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COMMITMENTSANDCONTINGENCIESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LitigationStatusDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Status of pending, threatened, or settled litigation.
        label: Litigation Status [Domain]
        terseLabel: Litigation Status [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LitigationStatusDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COMMITMENTSANDCONTINGENCIESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicates an ownership position in, or purchase of, a security.
        label: Long [Member]
        terseLabel: Long
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESDerivativeInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r51
      r378
      r391
      r392
      r393
      r746
      r762
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSComponentsofDebtDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSMaturitiesofDebtInstrumentsDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs, of long-term debt. Includes, but not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
        label: Long-term Debt
        totalLabel: Long-term debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSComponentsofDebtDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSMaturitiesofDebtInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r72
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSComponentsofDebtDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs, of long-term debt, classified as current. Includes, but not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
        label: Long-term Debt, Current Maturities
        terseLabel: Current portion of long-term debt
        verboseLabel: Short-term borrowings and current portion of long-term debt
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSComponentsofDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r159
      r347
      r383
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSMaturitiesofDebtInstrumentsDetails: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirement, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date, maturing after fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Long-Term Debt, Maturity, after Year Five
        terseLabel: Thereafter
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalAfterYearFive
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSMaturitiesofDebtInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths: {
     auth_ref: [
      r159
      r347
      r383
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSMaturitiesofDebtInstrumentsDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirement, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date, maturing in next fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Long-Term Debt, Maturity, Year One
        terseLabel: 2022
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInNextTwelveMonths
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSMaturitiesofDebtInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive: {
     auth_ref: [
      r159
      r347
      r383
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSMaturitiesofDebtInstrumentsDetails: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirement, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date, maturing in fifth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Long-Term Debt, Maturity, Year Five
        terseLabel: 2026
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFive
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSMaturitiesofDebtInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour: {
     auth_ref: [
      r159
      r347
      r383
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSMaturitiesofDebtInstrumentsDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirement, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date, maturing in fourth fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Long-Term Debt, Maturity, Year Four
        terseLabel: 2025
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearFour
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSMaturitiesofDebtInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree: {
     auth_ref: [
      r159
      r347
      r383
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSMaturitiesofDebtInstrumentsDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirement, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date, maturing in third fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Long-Term Debt, Maturity, Year Three
        terseLabel: 2024
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearThree
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSMaturitiesofDebtInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo: {
     auth_ref: [
      r159
      r347
      r383
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSMaturitiesofDebtInstrumentsDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt payable, sinking fund requirement, and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable price and date, maturing in second fiscal year following current fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported from current statement of financial position date (rolling approach).
        label: Long-Term Debt, Maturity, Year Two
        terseLabel: 2023
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtMaturitiesRepaymentsOfPrincipalInYearTwo
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSMaturitiesofDebtInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongTermDebtNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r76
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSComponentsofDebtDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LongTermDebt
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer. Includes, but not limited to, notes payable, bonds payable, debentures, mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
        label: Long-term Debt, Excluding Current Maturities
        terseLabel: Long-term debt, less current portion
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongTermDebtNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSComponentsofDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LongtermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average interest rate of long-term debt outstanding calculated at point in time.
        label: Long-term Debt, Weighted Average Interest Rate, at Point in Time
        terseLabel: Weighted average interest rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LongtermDebtWeightedAverageInterestRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSCreditAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LossContingenciesLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Loss Contingencies [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Loss Contingencies [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LossContingenciesLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COMMITMENTSANDCONTINGENCIESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LossContingenciesTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r336
      r337
      r338
      r340
      r341
      r342
      r343
      r345
      r346
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Discloses the specific components (such as the nature, name, and date) of the loss contingency and gives an estimate of the possible loss or range of loss, or states that a reasonable estimate cannot be made. Excludes environmental contingencies, warranties and unconditional purchase obligations.
        label: Loss Contingencies [Table]
        terseLabel: Loss Contingencies [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LossContingenciesTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COMMITMENTSANDCONTINGENCIESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LossContingencyNewClaimsFiledNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r339
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The total number of new claims filed pertaining to a loss contingency during the period.
        label: Loss Contingency, New Claims Filed, Number
        terseLabel: Number of complaints
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LossContingencyNewClaimsFiledNumber
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COMMITMENTSANDCONTINGENCIESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    us-gaap_LossContingencyPendingClaimsNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r339
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of pending claims pertaining to a loss contingency.
        label: Loss Contingency, Pending Claims, Number
        terseLabel: Number of active lawsuits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: LossContingencyPendingClaimsNumber
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COMMITMENTSANDCONTINGENCIESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MachineryAndEquipmentMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tangible personal property used to produce goods and services, including, but is not limited to, tools, dies and molds, computer and office equipment.
        label: Machinery and Equipment [Member]
        terseLabel: Machinery and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MachineryAndEquipmentMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPPEUsefulLifeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ManufacturingFacilityMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r307
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Structure used in the manufacturing of goods.
        label: Manufacturing Facility [Member]
        terseLabel: Manufacturing facility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ManufacturingFacilityMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_MoneyMarketFundsAtCarryingValue: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Investment in short-term money-market instruments (such as commercial paper, banker's acceptances, repurchase agreements, government securities, certificates of deposit, and so forth) which are highly liquid (that is, readily convertible to known amounts of cash) and so near their maturity that they present an insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally, only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify as cash equivalents by definition. Original maturity means an original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example, both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However, a Treasury note purchased three-years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months.
        label: Money Market Funds, at Carrying Value
        terseLabel: Money market securities, fair value
       }
      }
     }
     localname: MoneyMarketFundsAtCarryingValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NatureOfOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r198
      r213
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business, major products or services, principal markets including location, and the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination, including but not limited to, assets, revenues, or earnings. For an entity that has not commenced principal operations, disclosures about the risks and uncertainties related to the activities in which the entity is currently engaged and an understanding of what those activities are being directed toward.
        label: Nature of Operations [Text Block]
        terseLabel: DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS AND BASIS OF PRESENTATION
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NatureOfOperations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DESCRIPTIONOFBUSINESSANDBASISOFPRESENTATION
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInDiscontinuedOperationsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Discontinued Operations [Abstract]
        terseLabel: CASH FLOWS FROM DISCONTINUED OPERATIONS
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInDiscontinuedOperationsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r138
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities, excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on, and a return of, their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed, or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Financing Activities, Continuing Operations
        totalLabel: Net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r138
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities, excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property, plant, and equipment and other productive assets.
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Investing Activities, Continuing Operations
        totalLabel: Net cash used in investing activities from continuing operations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities [Abstract]
        terseLabel: CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r138
      r140
      r143
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_CashCashEquivalentsRestrictedCashAndRestrictedCashEquivalentsPeriodIncreaseDecreaseIncludingExchangeRateEffect
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities, excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions, adjustments, and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.
        label: Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities, Continuing Operations
        totalLabel: Net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r33
      r103
      r106
      r112
      r118
      r143
      r153
      r165
      r170
      r171
      r172
      r173
      r176
      r177
      r186
      r227
      r233
      r237
      r240
      r243
      r264
      r349
      r350
      r351
      r354
      r355
      r356
      r358
      r360
      r362
      r363
      r624
      r638
      r752
      r770
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESCashFlowHedgesandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The portion of profit or loss for the period, net of income taxes, which is attributable to the parent.
        label: Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Parent
        terseLabel: Net income (loss)
        totalLabel: Net income (loss)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetIncomeLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESCashFlowHedgesandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESPreTaxEffectofDerivativeFinancialInstrumentsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/EARNINGSLOSSPERSHAREComputationofBasicandDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NetInvestmentHedgingMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r583
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation.
        label: Net Investment Hedging [Member]
        terseLabel: Net Investment Hedging
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NetInvestmentHedgingMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESDerivativeInformationDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESNetInvestmentHedgesandAccumulatedotherComprehensiveLossDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: New Accounting Pronouncements or Change in Accounting Principle [Line Items]
        terseLabel: New Accounting Pronouncements or Change in Accounting Principle [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESRecentlyIssuedandAdoptedAdoptedAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r0
      r1
      r2
      r3
      r4
      r164
      r165
      r166
      r167
      r168
      r169
      r172
      r178
      r193
      r258
      r259
      r267
      r268
      r269
      r270
      r271
      r272
      r348
      r495
      r496
      r497
      r498
      r499
      r500
      r501
      r502
      r543
      r544
      r545
      r546
      r614
      r615
      r616
      r617
      r618
      r619
      r620
      r621
      r622
      r623
      r624
      r640
      r641
      r642
      r643
      r644
      r645
      r646
      r647
      r694
      r728
      r729
      r730
      r781
      r782
      r783
      r784
      r785
      r786
      r787
      r788
      r789
      r790
      r791
      r792
      r825
      r826
      r827
      r828
      r829
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Summarization of the changes in an accounting principle or a new accounting pronouncement, including the line items affected by the change and the financial effects of the change on those particular line items.
        label: Accounting Standards Update and Change in Accounting Principle [Table]
        terseLabel: New Accounting Pronouncements or Change in Accounting Principle [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NewAccountingPronouncementsOrChangeInAccountingPrincipleTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESRecentlyIssuedandAdoptedAdoptedAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes, but is not limited to, quantification of the expected or actual impact.
        label: New Accounting Pronouncements, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Effective
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NewAccountingPronouncementsPolicyPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NoncurrentAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r248
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Long-lived assets other than financial instruments, long-term customer relationships of a financial institution, mortgage and other servicing rights, deferred policy acquisition costs, and deferred tax assets.
        label: Long-Lived Assets
        terseLabel: Long lived assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NoncurrentAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONLonglivedAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NondesignatedMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r584
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Derivative instrument not designated as hedging instrument under Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP).
        label: Not Designated as Hedging Instrument [Member]
        terseLabel: Not Designated as Hedging Instrument
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NondesignatedMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESBalanceSheetLocationDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESDerivativeInformationDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESNotDesignatedasHedgingInstrumentsandConsolidatedStatementofOperationsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NumberOfCountriesInWhichEntityOperates: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of countries in which the entity operates as of balance sheet date.
        label: Number of Countries in which Entity Operates
        terseLabel: Number of countries in which the company operates (more than)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NumberOfCountriesInWhichEntityOperates
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DESCRIPTIONOFBUSINESSANDBASISOFPRESENTATIONDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESRevenueRecognitionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NumberOfOperatingSegments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r215
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of operating segments. An operating segment is a component of an enterprise: (a) that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses (including revenues and expenses relating to transactions with other components of the same enterprise), (b) whose operating results are regularly reviewed by the enterprise's chief operating decision maker to make decisions about resources to be allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and (c) for which discrete financial information is available. An operating segment may engage in business activities for which it has yet to earn revenues, for example, start-up operations may be operating segments before earning revenues.
        label: Number of Operating Segments
        terseLabel: Number of operating segments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NumberOfOperatingSegments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    us-gaap_NumberOfReportableSegments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r215
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of segments reported by the entity. A reportable segment is a component of an entity for which there is an accounting requirement to report separate financial information on that component in the entity's financial statements.
        label: Number of Reportable Segments
        terseLabel: Number of reportable segments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: NumberOfReportableSegments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DESCRIPTIONOFBUSINESSANDBASISOFPRESENTATIONDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: integerItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OciBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTaxAttributableToParent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r99
      r113
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax, before reclassification adjustments, of other comprehensive income (loss), attributable to parent.
        label: OCI, before Reclassifications, Net of Tax, Attributable to Parent
        terseLabel: Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OciBeforeReclassificationsNetOfTaxAttributableToParent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OfficersCompensation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r122
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expense for salary and wage arising from service rendered by officer. Excludes allocated cost, labor-related nonsalary expense, and direct and overhead labor cost included in cost of good and service sold.
        label: Salary and Wage, Officer, Excluding Cost of Good and Service Sold
        terseLabel: Cash separation payment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OfficersCompensation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FORMERCHIEFEXECUTIVEOFFICERSUCCESSIONPLANDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r227
      r233
      r237
      r240
      r243
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The net result for the period of deducting operating expenses from operating revenues.
        label: Operating Income (Loss)
        terseLabel: Operating Income
        totalLabel: Operating income (loss)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingIncomeLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r683
      r692
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESLeaseExpenseDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LeaseCost
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of single lease cost, calculated by allocation of remaining cost of lease over remaining lease term. Includes, but is not limited to, single lease cost, after impairment of right-of-use asset, calculated by amortization of remaining right-of-use asset and accretion of lease liability.
        label: Operating Lease, Cost
        terseLabel: Operating lease expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseCost
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESLeaseExpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseImpairmentLoss: {
     auth_ref: [
      r672
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of loss from impairment of right-of-use asset from operating lease.
        label: Operating Lease, Impairment Loss
        terseLabel: Operating lease, ROU asset impairment charge
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseImpairmentLoss
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESLeaseExpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilitiesPaymentsDueAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Lessee, Operating Lease, Liability, Payment, Due [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Operating leases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiabilitiesPaymentsDueAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r674
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LesseeOperatingLeaseLiabilityPaymentsDue
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease.
        label: Operating Lease, Liability
        verboseLabel: Total lease liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiability
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESMaturitiesofLeaseLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r674
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/ACCRUEDEXPENSESANDOTHERCURRENTLIABILITIESDetails: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: hain_LeaseLiability
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease, classified as current.
        label: Operating Lease, Liability, Current
        terseLabel: Current operating lease liability
        verboseLabel: Short-term operating lease liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/ACCRUEDEXPENSESANDOTHERCURRENTLIABILITIESDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrentStatementOfFinancialPositionExtensibleList: {
     auth_ref: [
      r675
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicates line item in statement of financial position that includes current operating lease liability.
        label: Operating Lease, Liability, Current, Statement of Financial Position [Extensible Enumeration]
        terseLabel: Operating Lease, Liability, Current, Statement of Financial Position [Extensible List]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiabilityCurrentStatementOfFinancialPositionExtensibleList
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: enumerationSetItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r674
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: hain_LeaseLiability
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Present value of lessee's discounted obligation for lease payments from operating lease, classified as noncurrent.
        label: Operating Lease, Liability, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent portion
        verboseLabel: Non-current operating lease liability
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseLiabilityNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeasePayments: {
     auth_ref: [
      r679
      r686
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow from operating lease, excluding payments to bring another asset to condition and location necessary for its intended use.
        label: Operating Lease, Payments
        terseLabel: Operating cash flows from operating leases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeasePayments
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESOtherInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset: {
     auth_ref: [
      r673
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 6.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: hain_LeaseRightofUseAsset
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of lessee's right to use underlying asset under operating lease.
        label: Operating Lease, Right-of-Use Asset
        terseLabel: Operating lease right-of-use assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseRightOfUseAsset
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESSupplementalBalanceSheetInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r689
      r692
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average discount rate for operating lease calculated at point in time.
        label: Operating Lease, Weighted Average Discount Rate, Percent
        terseLabel: Weighted average discount rate, operating leases (percentage)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageDiscountRatePercent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESOtherInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r688
      r692
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining lease term for operating lease, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Operating Lease, Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term
        terseLabel: Weighted average remaining lease term, operating lease (in years)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLeaseWeightedAverageRemainingLeaseTerm1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESOtherInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwards: {
     auth_ref: [
      r535
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of operating loss carryforward, before tax effects, available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.
        label: Operating Loss Carryforwards
        terseLabel: Net operating loss carryforwards
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLossCarryforwards
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Operating Loss Carryforwards [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Operating Loss Carryforwards [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLossCarryforwardsLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingLossCarryforwardsTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r536
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule reflecting pertinent information, such as tax authority, amounts, and expiration dates, of net operating loss carryforwards, including an assessment of the likelihood of utilization.
        label: Operating Loss Carryforwards [Table]
        terseLabel: Operating Loss Carryforwards [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingLossCarryforwardsTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OperatingSegmentsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r232
      r233
      r234
      r235
      r237
      r243
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identifies components of an entity that engage in business activities from which they may earn revenue and incur expenses, including transactions with other components of the same entity.
        label: Operating Segments [Member]
        terseLabel: Operating Segments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OperatingSegmentsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Organization, Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OrganizationConsolidationAndPresentationOfFinancialStatementsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r43
      r44
      r45
      r74
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/ACCRUEDEXPENSESANDOTHERCURRENTLIABILITIESDetails: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other, due within one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Other Accrued Liabilities, Current
        terseLabel: Other accruals
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherAccruedLiabilitiesCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/ACCRUEDEXPENSESANDOTHERCURRENTLIABILITIESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherAssetsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r586
      r610
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing other assets.
        label: Other Assets [Member]
        terseLabel: Other Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherAssetsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherAssetsNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r69
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of noncurrent assets classified as other.
        label: Other Assets, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Other assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherAssetsNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r92
      r96
      r648
      r649
      r653
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax, before reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments, foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Gain (Loss) Arising During Period, Net of Tax
        totalLabel: Foreign currency translation adjustments before reclassifications
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r90
      r96
      r648
      r649
      r653
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments, foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Gain (Loss), before Reclassification and Tax
        terseLabel: Foreign currency translation adjustments before reclassifications
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLossArisingDuringPeriodTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r90
      r97
      r648
      r650
      r660
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationGainLossArisingDuringPeriodNetOfTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of tax expense (benefit), before reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments, foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
        label: OCI, Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Gain (Loss), Arising During Period, Tax
        negatedTerseLabel: Foreign currency translation adjustments before reclassifications
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeForeignCurrencyTranslationGainLossArisingDuringPeriodTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r110
      r111
      r119
      r261
      r654
      r659
      r661
      r753
      r771
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS_1: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before tax, after reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), before Tax
        totalLabel: Total other comprehensive income (loss)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), before Tax, Portion Attributable to Parent [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Pre-tax amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossBeforeTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r93
      r96
      r588
      r595
      r611
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before tax and reclassification, of gain (loss) from derivative instrument designated and qualifying cash flow hedge included in assessment of hedge effectiveness.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Cash Flow Hedge, Gain (Loss), before Reclassification and Tax
        terseLabel: Change in deferred gains (losses) on cash flow hedging instruments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESCashFlowHedgesandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeGainLossReclassificationBeforeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r96
      r100
      r597
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before tax, of reclassification of gain (loss) from accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) for derivative instrument designated and qualifying as cash flow hedge included in assessment of hedge effectiveness.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Cash Flow Hedge, Gain (Loss), Reclassification, before Tax
        terseLabel: Other comprehensive income (loss), cash flow hedge, reclassification
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossCashFlowHedgeGainLossReclassificationBeforeTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESDerivativeInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativeExcludedComponentIncreaseDecreaseBeforeAdjustmentsAndTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r94
      r96
      r596
      r602
      r611
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before tax and adjustments, of gain (loss) from increase (decrease) in value of excluded component of derivative designated and qualifying as hedge. Adjustments include, but are not limited to, reclassifications for sale and settlement, and amounts recognized under systematic and rational method.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Derivative, Excluded Component, Increase (Decrease), before Adjustments and Tax
        terseLabel: Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income on Derivatives
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativeExcludedComponentIncreaseDecreaseBeforeAdjustmentsAndTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESNetInvestmentHedgesandAccumulatedotherComprehensiveLossDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIRealizedUponSaleOrLiquidationBeforeTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r96
      r100
      r101
      r102
      r652
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIRealizedUponSaleOrLiquidationNetOfTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before tax of reclassification adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive income for translation gain (loss) realized upon the sale or liquidation of an investment in a foreign entity and foreign currency hedges that are designated and qualified as hedging instruments for hedges of the foreign currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI, Realized upon Sale or Liquidation, before Tax
        negatedTerseLabel: Reclassification of currency translation adjustment included in net income (loss)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIRealizedUponSaleOrLiquidationBeforeTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIRealizedUponSaleOrLiquidationNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r96
      r100
      r101
      r102
      r652
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of reclassification adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive income for translation gain (loss) realized upon the sale or liquidation of an investment in a foreign entity and foreign currency hedges that are designated and qualified as hedging instruments for hedges of the foreign currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI, Realized upon Sale or Liquidation, Net of Tax
        negatedTotalLabel: Reclassification of currency translation adjustment included in net income (loss)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIRealizedUponSaleOrLiquidationNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIRealizedUponSaleOrLiquidationTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r97
      r650
      r660
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of tax expense (benefit) of reclassification adjustment from accumulated other comprehensive income for translation gain (loss) realized upon the sale or liquidation of an investment in a foreign entity and foreign currency hedges that are designated and qualified as hedging instruments for hedges of the foreign currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Foreign Currency Transaction and Translation Reclassification Adjustment from AOCI, Realized upon Sale or Liquidation, Tax
        terseLabel: Reclassification of currency translation adjustment included in net income (loss)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossForeignCurrencyTransactionAndTranslationReclassificationAdjustmentFromAOCIRealizedUponSaleOrLiquidationTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetInvestmentHedgeGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r601
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before tax and reclassification, of gain (loss) from derivative designated and qualifying as net investment hedge.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net Investment Hedge, Gain (Loss), before Reclassification and Tax
        terseLabel: Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in AOCL on Derivatives
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetInvestmentHedgeGainLossBeforeReclassificationAndTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESNetInvestmentHedgesandAccumulatedotherComprehensiveLossDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r104
      r107
      r110
      r111
      r113
      r119
      r411
      r654
      r659
      r661
      r753
      r771
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_ComprehensiveIncomeNetOfTax
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS_1: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax
        totalLabel: Total other comprehensive income (loss)
        verboseLabel: Other comprehensive income (loss)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r104
      r107
      r568
      r569
      r572
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to parent entity.
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Portion Attributable to Parent
        totalLabel: Net change in AOCL
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax, Portion Attributable to Parent [Abstract]
        terseLabel: After-tax amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r97
      r110
      r119
      r518
      r556
      r559
      r654
      r657
      r661
      r753
      r771
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS_1: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTax
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of tax expense (benefit) allocated to other comprehensive income (loss).
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Tax
        negatedTotalLabel: Total other comprehensive income (loss)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTaxParentheticalDisclosuresAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Tax, Parenthetical Disclosures [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Tax (expense) benefit
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTaxParentheticalDisclosuresAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFCOMPREHENSIVEINCOMELOSS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross: {
     auth_ref: [
      r296
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSComponentsofOtherIntangibleAssetsDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IntangibleAssetsNetExcludingGoodwill
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before accumulated amortization of finite-lived intangible assets classified as other.
        label: Other Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Gross
        verboseLabel: Other intangibles
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSComponentsofOtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherLaborRelatedExpenses: {
     auth_ref: [
      r126
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of labor-related expenses classified as other.
        label: Other Labor-related Expenses
        terseLabel: Reversal of previously accrued amounts
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherLaborRelatedExpenses
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FORMERCHIEFEXECUTIVEOFFICERSUCCESSIONPLANDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r77
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Liabilities
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of liabilities classified as other, due after one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Other Liabilities, Noncurrent
        terseLabel: Other noncurrent liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherLiabilitiesNoncurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherLongTermDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r51
      r746
      r762
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of long-term debt classified as other.
        label: Other Long-term Debt
        terseLabel: Other borrowings
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherLongTermDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSComponentsofDebtDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherNoncashIncomeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r143
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (expense) included in net income that results in no cash inflow (outflow), classified as other.
        label: Other Noncash Income (Expense)
        negatedLabel: Other non-cash items, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherNoncashIncomeExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing other noncurrent liabilities.
        label: Other Noncurrent Liabilities [Member]
        terseLabel: Other noncurrent liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherNoncurrentLiabilitiesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESBalanceSheetLocationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r128
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_IncomeLossFromContinuingOperationsBeforeIncomeTaxesMinorityInterestAndIncomeLossFromEquityMethodInvestments
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESCashFlowHedgesandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetIncomeLoss
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities, classified as other.
        label: Other Nonoperating Income (Expense)
        negatedTerseLabel: Other (income) expense, net
        verboseLabel: Interest and other financing expense, net / Other expense (income), net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherNonoperatingIncomeExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESCashFlowHedgesandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing other operating income (expense).
        label: Other Operating Income (Expense) [Member]
        terseLabel: Interest and other financing expense, net / Other expense (income), net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: OtherOperatingIncomeExpenseMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESNotDesignatedasHedgingInstrumentsandConsolidatedStatementofOperationsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESPreTaxEffectofDerivativeFinancialInstrumentsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Payables and Accruals [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Payables and Accruals [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PayablesAndAccrualsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r134
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 5.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow to reacquire common stock during the period.
        label: Payments for Repurchase of Common Stock
        negatedTerseLabel: Share repurchases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsForRepurchaseOfCommonStock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsForRestructuring: {
     auth_ref: [
      r137
      r319
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash payments made as the result of exit or disposal activities. Excludes payments associated with a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.
        label: Payments for Restructuring
        negatedTerseLabel: Amounts Paid
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsForRestructuring
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/TERMINATIONBENEFITSRELATEDTOPRODUCTIVITYANDTRANSFORMATIONINITIATIVESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r134
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 7.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow to satisfy grantee's tax withholding obligation for award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Payment, Tax Withholding, Share-based Payment Arrangement
        negatedLabel: Shares withheld for payment of employee payroll taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsRelatedToTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PaymentsToAcquireOtherPropertyPlantAndEquipment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r132
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow from the acquisition of or improvements to long-lived, physical assets used to produce goods and services and not intended for resale, classified as other.
        label: Payments to Acquire Other Property, Plant, and Equipment
        negatedLabel: Purchases of property, plant and equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PaymentsToAcquireOtherPropertyPlantAndEquipment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PendingLitigationMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Risk of loss associated with the outcome of pending litigation against the entity, for example, but not limited to, litigation in arbitration or within the trial process.
        label: Pending Litigation [Member]
        terseLabel: Pending Litigation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PendingLitigationMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/COMMITMENTSANDCONTINGENCIESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r440
      r442
      r448
      r449
      r451
      r452
      r453
      r454
      r455
      r456
      r457
      r458
      r459
      r465
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for retirement benefits.
        label: Retirement Benefits [Text Block]
        terseLabel: DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PensionAndOtherPostretirementBenefitsDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEFINEDCONTRIBUTIONPLANS
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PerformanceSharesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based payment arrangement awarded for meeting performance target.
        label: Performance Shares [Member]
        terseLabel: Performance Shares
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PerformanceSharesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PhantomShareUnitsPSUsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Share-based payment arrangement awarded as phantom share or unit.
        label: Phantom Share Units (PSUs) [Member]
        terseLabel: PSUs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PhantomShareUnitsPSUsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSWeightedAverageAssumptionsCEOInducementGrantDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSWeightedAverageAssumptionsLongTermIncentiveProgramDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PlanNameAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r470
      r494
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by plan name for share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Plan Name [Axis]
        terseLabel: Plan Name [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PlanNameAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FORMERCHIEFEXECUTIVEOFFICERSUCCESSIONPLANDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSWeightedAverageAssumptionsLongTermIncentiveProgramDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PlanNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Plan name for share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Plan Name [Domain]
        terseLabel: Plan Name [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PlanNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FORMERCHIEFEXECUTIVEOFFICERSUCCESSIONPLANDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSWeightedAverageAssumptionsLongTermIncentiveProgramDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PositionAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by position taken for a security.
        label: Position [Axis]
        terseLabel: Position [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PositionAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESDerivativeInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PositionDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicates position taken for a security.
        label: Position [Domain]
        terseLabel: Position [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PositionDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESDerivativeInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r52
      r397
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Face amount or stated value per share of preferred stock nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer.
        label: Preferred Stock, Par or Stated Value Per Share
        terseLabel: Preferred stock, par value (USD per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PreferredStockParOrStatedValuePerShare
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesAuthorized: {
     auth_ref: [
      r52
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The maximum number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) permitted to be issued by an entity's charter and bylaws.
        label: Preferred Stock, Shares Authorized
        terseLabel: Preferred stock, shares authorized (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PreferredStockSharesAuthorized
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesIssued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r52
      r397
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued, repurchased, and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.
        label: Preferred Stock, Shares Issued
        terseLabel: Preferred stock, shares issued (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PreferredStockSharesIssued
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PreferredStockSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r52
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate share number for all nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) held by stockholders. Does not include preferred shares that have been repurchased.
        label: Preferred Stock, Shares Outstanding
        terseLabel: Preferred stock, shares outstanding (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PreferredStockSharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PreferredStockValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r52
      r706
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: hain_TotalStockholdersEquityIncludingTreasuryStock
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares, par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.
        label: Preferred Stock, Value, Issued
        terseLabel: Preferred stock - $.01 par value, authorized 5,000 shares; issued and outstanding: none
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PreferredStockValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PrepaidExpenseCurrent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r39
      r41
      r278
      r279
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_AssetsCurrent
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Prepaid Expense, Current
        terseLabel: Prepaid expenses and other current assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PrepaidExpenseCurrent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing prepaid expenses and other current assets.
        label: Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets [Member]
        terseLabel: Prepaid expenses and other current assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PrepaidExpensesAndOtherCurrentAssetsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESBalanceSheetLocationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinesses: {
     auth_ref: [
      r130
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow associated with the amount received from the sale of a portion of the company's business, for example a segment, division, branch or other business, during the period.
        label: Proceeds from Divestiture of Businesses
        terseLabel: Proceeds from divestiture
        verboseLabel: Proceeds from sale of businesses, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromDivestitureOfBusinesses
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/RELATEDPARTYTRANSACTIONSDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromIncomeTaxRefunds: {
     auth_ref: [
      r140
      r146
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount of cash received during the period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.
        label: Proceeds from Income Tax Refunds
        terseLabel: Proceeds from income tax refunds
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromIncomeTaxRefunds
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromLongTermLinesOfCredit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r133
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from a contractual arrangement with the lender, including letter of credit, standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements, under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with maturities due beyond one year or the operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Proceeds from Long-term Lines of Credit
        terseLabel: Borrowings under bank revolving credit facility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromLongTermLinesOfCredit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProceedsFromSaleOfProductiveAssets: {
     auth_ref: [
      r131
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInInvestingActivitiesContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash inflow from the sale of property, plant and equipment (capital expenditures), software, and other intangible assets.
        label: Proceeds from Sale of Productive Assets
        terseLabel: Proceeds from sale of assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProceedsFromSaleOfProductiveAssets
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProductConcentrationRiskMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r206
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Reflects the percentage that revenues during the period from a specified product are to a specified benchmark, such as total net revenues, segment revenues or product line revenues. May also reflect the percentage contribution the product made to operating results. Risk is materially adverse effects of a loss of sales of a significant product or line of products, which could occur upon loss of rights to sell, distribute or license others; loss of patent or copyright protection; or technological obsolescence.
        label: Product Concentration Risk [Member]
        terseLabel: Product Concentration Risk
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProductConcentrationRiskMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ProfessionalFees: {
     auth_ref: [
      r795
      r796
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A fee charged for services from professionals such as doctors, lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions, for example, pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
        label: Professional Fees
        terseLabel: Accounting review and remediation costs, net of insurance proceeds
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ProfessionalFees
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndFinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetAccumulatedDepreciationAndAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r308
      r676
      r682
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndFinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetAfterAccumulatedDepreciationAndAmortization
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of accumulated depreciation and amortization from plant, property, and equipment and right-of-use asset from finance lease.
        label: Property, Plant, and Equipment and Finance Lease Right-of-Use Asset, Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization
        terseLabel: Less: Accumulated depreciation and impairment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndFinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetAccumulatedDepreciationAndAmortization
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndFinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetAfterAccumulatedDepreciationAndAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r86
      r309
      r682
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_Assets
       weight: 1.0
      }
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, after accumulated depreciation and amortization, of property, plant, and equipment and finance lease right-of-use asset.
        label: Property, Plant, and Equipment and Finance Lease Right-of-Use Asset, after Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization
        terseLabel: Property, plant and equipment, net
        totalLabel: Property, plant and equipment, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndFinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetAfterAccumulatedDepreciationAndAmortization
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndFinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetBeforeAccumulatedDepreciationAndAmortization: {
     auth_ref: [
      r48
      r307
      r673
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndFinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetAfterAccumulatedDepreciationAndAmortization
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, before accumulated depreciation and amortization, of property, plant, and equipment and finance lease right-of-use asset.
        label: Property, Plant, and Equipment and Finance Lease Right-of-Use Asset, before Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization
        terseLabel: Property, plant and equipment, gross
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentAndFinanceLeaseRightOfUseAssetBeforeAccumulatedDepreciationAndAmortization
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r68
      r309
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of long-lived, physical assets used to produce goods and services and not intended for resale.
        label: Long-Lived Tangible Asset [Axis]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment, Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentByTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPPEUsefulLifeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r315
      r800
      r801
      r802
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for long-lived, physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, work of art, historical treasure, and similar asset classified as collections.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNET
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPPEUsefulLifeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r67
      r309
      r800
      r801
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived, physical asset used in normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, work of art, historical treasure, and similar asset classified as collections.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r48
      r309
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, balances by class of assets, depreciation and depletion expense and method used, including composite depreciation, and accumulated deprecation.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment [Table Text Block]
        verboseLabel: Summary of Property, Plant, and Equipment, Net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r48
      r307
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Listing of long-lived, physical assets that are used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include land, buildings, machinery and equipment, and other types of furniture and equipment including, but not limited to, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment and software.
        label: Long-Lived Tangible Asset [Domain]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment, Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPPEUsefulLifeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Useful life of long lived, physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. Examples include, but not limited to, land, buildings, machinery and equipment, office equipment, furniture and fixtures, and computer equipment.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment, Useful Life
        terseLabel: Property, plant, and equipment, useful life (in years)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: PropertyPlantAndEquipmentUsefulLife
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPPEUsefulLifeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAociCurrentPeriodBeforeTaxAttributableToParent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r99
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount before tax of reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to parent.
        label: Reclassification from AOCI, Current Period, before Tax, Attributable to Parent
        terseLabel: Reclassification from AOCI, before tax
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReclassificationFromAociCurrentPeriodBeforeTaxAttributableToParent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ReclassificationFromAociCurrentPeriodNetOfTaxAttributableToParent: {
     auth_ref: [
      r99
      r113
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OtherComprehensiveIncomeLossNetOfTaxPortionAttributableToParent
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount after tax of reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss) attributable to parent.
        label: Reclassification from AOCI, Current Period, Net of Tax, Attributable to Parent
        negatedTerseLabel: Amounts reclassified into income (expense)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReclassificationFromAociCurrentPeriodNetOfTaxAttributableToParent
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r112
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by item reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).
        label: Reclassification out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income [Axis]
        terseLabel: Reclassification out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESCashFlowHedgesandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESPreTaxEffectofDerivativeFinancialInstrumentsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r112
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Item reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).
        label: Reclassification out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income [Domain]
        terseLabel: Reclassification out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESCashFlowHedgesandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESPreTaxEffectofDerivativeFinancialInstrumentsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r112
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identifies item reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).
        label: Reclassification out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income [Member]
        terseLabel: Reclassification out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESCashFlowHedgesandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESPreTaxEffectofDerivativeFinancialInstrumentsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of information about items reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).
        label: Reclassification out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Pre-Tax Effect of Cash Flow Hedge Accounting on Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReclassificationOutOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsExcludingAmountsPertainingToExaminedTaxReturnsRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Reconciliation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Excluding Amounts Pertaining to Examined Tax Returns [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Reconciliation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Excluding Amounts Pertaining to Examined Tax Returns [Roll Forward]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ReconciliationOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsExcludingAmountsPertainingToExaminedTaxReturnsRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r450
      r697
      r698
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Related parties include affiliates; other entities for which investments are accounted for by the equity method by the entity; trusts for benefit of employees; and principal owners, management, and members of immediate families. It also may include other parties with which the entity may control or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.
        label: Related Party [Domain]
        terseLabel: Related Party [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RelatedPartyDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/RELATEDPARTYTRANSACTIONSDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty: {
     auth_ref: [
      r697
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Expenses recognized resulting from transactions (excluding transactions that are eliminated in consolidated or combined financial statements) with related party.
        label: Related Party Transaction, Expenses from Transactions with Related Party
        terseLabel: Expenses from transactions with related party
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionExpensesFromTransactionsWithRelatedParty
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/RELATEDPARTYTRANSACTIONSDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Related Party Transaction [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Related Party Transaction [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/RELATEDPARTYTRANSACTIONSDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Related Party Transactions [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r450
      r697
      r701
      r731
      r732
      r733
      r734
      r735
      r736
      r737
      r738
      r739
      r740
      r741
      r742
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of related party. Related parties include, but not limited to, affiliates; other entities for which investments are accounted for by the equity method by the entity; trusts for benefit of employees; and principal owners, management, and members of immediate families. It also may include other parties with which the entity may control or can significantly influence the management or operating policies of the other to an extent that one of the transacting parties might be prevented from fully pursuing its own separate interests.
        label: Related Party [Axis]
        terseLabel: Related Party [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/RELATEDPARTYTRANSACTIONSDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r695
      r696
      r698
      r702
      r703
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners; and (d) affiliates.
        label: Related Party Transactions Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RelatedPartyTransactionsDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/RELATEDPARTYTRANSACTIONS
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RepaymentsOfLongTermLinesOfCredit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r135
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow for the settlement of obligation drawn from a contractual arrangement with the lender, including letter of credit, standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements, under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with maturities due beyond one year or the operating cycle, if longer.
        label: Repayments of Long-term Lines of Credit
        negatedTerseLabel: Repayments under bank revolving credit facility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RepaymentsOfLongTermLinesOfCredit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RepaymentsOfMediumTermNotes: {
     auth_ref: [
      r135
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cash outflow to pay off borrowing used to receive debt funding on a regular basis with maturities ranging from 5-10 years.
        label: Repayments of Medium-term Notes
        negatedTerseLabel: Repayments under term loan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RepaymentsOfMediumTermNotes
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RepaymentsOfOtherDebt: {
     auth_ref: [
      r135
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInFinancingActivitiesContinuingOperations
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cash outflow for the payment of debt classified as other.
        label: Repayments of Other Debt
        negatedLabel: Repayments of other debt, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RepaymentsOfOtherDebt
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r510
      r725
      r815
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service, a new process or technique, or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use, during the reporting period charged to research and development projects, including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility, and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.
        label: Research and Development Expense
        terseLabel: Research and development costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ResearchAndDevelopmentExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r510
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service, a new process or technique, or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.
        label: Research and Development Expense, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Research and Development Costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ResearchAndDevelopmentExpensePolicy
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestrictedStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r190
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Stock including a provision that prohibits sale or substantive sale of an equity instrument for a specified period of time or until specified performance conditions are met.
        label: Restricted Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Restricted Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestrictedStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNonVestedRestrictedStockAndRestrictedShareUnitAwardsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSRestrictedStockGrantInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Restructuring and Related Activities [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r317
      r319
      r322
      r331
      r332
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for restructuring and related activities. Description of restructuring activities such as exit and disposal activities, include facts and circumstances leading to the plan, the expected plan completion date, the major types of costs associated with the plan activities, total expected costs, the accrual balance at the end of the period, and the periods over which the remaining accrual will be settled.
        label: Restructuring and Related Activities Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: TERMINATION BENEFITS RELATED TO PRODUCTIVITY AND TRANSFORMATION INITIATIVES
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringAndRelatedActivitiesDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/TERMINATIONBENEFITSRELATEDTOPRODUCTIVITYANDTRANSFORMATIONINITIATIVES
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringCharges: {
     auth_ref: [
      r142
      r316
      r325
      r328
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expenses associated with exit or disposal activities pursuant to an authorized plan. Excludes expenses related to a discontinued operation or an asset retirement obligation.
        label: Restructuring Charges
        terseLabel: Charges, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringCharges
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/TERMINATIONBENEFITSRELATEDTOPRODUCTIVITYANDTRANSFORMATIONINITIATIVESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r318
      r319
      r328
      r329
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of restructuring cost.
        label: Restructuring Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Restructuring Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringCostAndReserveAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/TERMINATIONBENEFITSRELATEDTOPRODUCTIVITYANDTRANSFORMATIONINITIATIVESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Restructuring Cost and Reserve [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Restructuring Cost and Reserve [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringCostAndReserveLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/TERMINATIONBENEFITSRELATEDTOPRODUCTIVITYANDTRANSFORMATIONINITIATIVESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringPlanAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by individual restructuring plan.
        label: Restructuring Plan [Axis]
        terseLabel: Restructuring Plan [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringPlanAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/TERMINATIONBENEFITSRELATEDTOPRODUCTIVITYANDTRANSFORMATIONINITIATIVESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringPlanDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identification of the individual restructuring plans.
        label: Restructuring Plan [Domain]
        terseLabel: Restructuring Plan [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringPlanDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/TERMINATIONBENEFITSRELATEDTOPRODUCTIVITYANDTRANSFORMATIONINITIATIVESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringReserve: {
     auth_ref: [
      r319
      r326
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Carrying amount (including both current and noncurrent portions of the accrual) as of the balance sheet date pertaining to a specified type of cost associated with exit from or disposal of business activities or restructuring pursuant to a duly authorized plan.
        label: Restructuring Reserve
        periodEndLabel: Restructuring Reserve, Ending Balance
        periodStartLabel: Restructuring Reserve, Beginning Balance
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringReserve
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/TERMINATIONBENEFITSRELATEDTOPRODUCTIVITYANDTRANSFORMATIONINITIATIVESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringReserveRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Restructuring Reserve [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Restructuring Reserve [Roll Forward]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringReserveRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/TERMINATIONBENEFITSRELATEDTOPRODUCTIVITYANDTRANSFORMATIONINITIATIVESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RestructuringReserveTranslationAndOtherAdjustment: {
     auth_ref: [
      r319
      r326
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in the restructuring reserve related to foreign currency translation (gain) loss and other increases (decreases).
        label: Restructuring Reserve, Translation and Other Adjustment
        terseLabel: Foreign Currency Translation &amp; Other Adjustments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RestructuringReserveTranslationAndOtherAdjustment
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/TERMINATIONBENEFITSRELATEDTOPRODUCTIVITYANDTRANSFORMATIONINITIATIVESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r56
      r416
      r502
      r706
      r764
      r787
      r792
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 4.0
       parentTag: hain_TotalStockholdersEquityIncludingTreasuryStock
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.
        label: Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit)
        terseLabel: Retained earnings
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RetainedEarningsAccumulatedDeficit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RetainedEarningsMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r2
      r161
      r162
      r163
      r166
      r175
      r177
      r270
      r499
      r500
      r501
      r545
      r546
      r622
      r783
      r785
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The cumulative amount of the reporting entity's undistributed earnings or deficit.
        label: Retained Earnings [Member]
        terseLabel: Retained Earnings
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RetainedEarningsMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESRecentlyIssuedandAdoptedAdoptedAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax: {
     auth_ref: [
      r218
      r219
      r232
      r238
      r239
      r246
      r247
      r251
      r431
      r432
      r726
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_GrossProfit
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount, excluding tax collected from customer, of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction, including, but not limited to, sales, use, value added and excise.
        label: Revenue from Contract with Customer, Excluding Assessed Tax
        terseLabel: Net sales
        verboseLabel: Net Sales
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevenueFromContractWithCustomerExcludingAssessedTax
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONNetSalesDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r149
      r423
      r424
      r425
      r426
      r427
      r428
      r429
      r430
      r437
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for revenue from contract with customer.
        label: Revenue from Contract with Customer [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Revenue Recognition
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevenueFromContractWithCustomerPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevenueFromExternalCustomersByGeographicAreasTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r249
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of revenue from external customers by geographic areas attributed to the entity's country of domicile and to foreign countries from which the entity derives revenue.
        label: Revenue from External Customers by Geographic Areas [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of Net Sales by Geographic Areas
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevenueFromExternalCustomersByGeographicAreasTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevenuePerformanceObligationDescriptionOfTiming: {
     auth_ref: [
      r422
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Description of timing for satisfying performance obligation in contract with customer. Includes, but is not limited to, as services are rendered, and upon shipment, delivery or completion of service.
        label: Revenue, Performance Obligation, Description of Timing
        terseLabel: Credit term period (in days)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevenuePerformanceObligationDescriptionOfTiming
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESRevenueRecognitionDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RevolvingCreditFacilityMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Arrangement in which loan proceeds can continuously be obtained following repayments, but the total amount borrowed cannot exceed a specified maximum amount.
        label: Revolving Credit Facility [Member]
        verboseLabel: Revolving credit facility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RevolvingCreditFacilityMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSComponentsofDebtDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSCreditAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForFinanceLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r687
      r692
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for finance lease liability.
        label: Right-of-Use Asset Obtained in Exchange for Finance Lease Liability
        terseLabel: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations, Finance leases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForFinanceLeaseLiability
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESOtherInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForOperatingLeaseLiability: {
     auth_ref: [
      r687
      r692
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for operating lease liability.
        label: Right-of-Use Asset Obtained in Exchange for Operating Lease Liability
        terseLabel: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations, Operating leases
       }
      }
     }
     localname: RightOfUseAssetObtainedInExchangeForOperatingLeaseLiability
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESOtherInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SalariesAndWages: {
     auth_ref: [
      r122
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of expense for salary and wage arising from service rendered by nonofficer employee. Excludes allocated cost, labor-related nonsalary expense, and direct and overhead labor cost included in cost of good and service sold.
        label: Salary and Wage, NonOfficer, Excluding Cost of Good and Service Sold
        terseLabel: Consulting fee
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SalariesAndWages
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FORMERCHIEFEXECUTIVEOFFICERSUCCESSIONPLANDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SalesRevenueNetMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r207
      r251
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Revenue from sale of product and rendering of service and other sources of income, when it serves as benchmark in concentration of risk calculation.
        label: Revenue Benchmark [Member]
        terseLabel: Sales
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SalesRevenueNetMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESValuationofAccountsandChargebacksReceivableandConcentrationofCreditRiskDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of accrued liabilities.
        label: Schedule of Accrued Liabilities [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfAccruedLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/ACCRUEDEXPENSESANDOTHERCURRENTLIABILITIESTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r99
      r659
      r661
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).
        label: Schedule of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r190
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule for securities (including those issuable pursuant to contingent stock agreements) that could potentially dilute basic earnings per share (EPS) in the future that were not included in the computation of diluted EPS because to do so would increase EPS amounts or decrease loss per share amounts for the period presented, by Antidilutive Securities.
        label: Schedule of Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Antidilutive Securities Excluded from Computation of Earnings Per Share [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfAntidilutiveSecuritiesExcludedFromComputationOfEarningsPerShareTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/EARNINGSLOSSPERSHARENarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfBusinessAcquisitionsByAcquisitionTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r564
      r565
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule reflecting each material business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations) completed during the period, including background, timing, and recognized assets and liabilities.
        label: Schedule of Business Acquisitions, by Acquisition [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Business Acquisitions, by Acquisition [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfBusinessAcquisitionsByAcquisitionTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FINANCIALINSTRUMENTSMEASUREDATFAIRVALUENarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfCashFlowHedgingInstrumentsStatementsOfFinancialPerformanceAndFinancialPositionLocationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r595
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure for cash flow hedging instruments of (a) the location and amount of gains and losses reported in the statement of financial performance and (b) the location and fair value amounts of the instruments reported in the statement of financial position.
        label: Schedule of Cash Flow Hedging Instruments, Statements of Financial Performance and Financial Position, Location [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Pre-Tax Effect of Derivative Financial Instruments Electing Cash Flow Hedge Accounting on Consolidated Statements of Operations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfCashFlowHedgingInstrumentsStatementsOfFinancialPerformanceAndFinancialPositionLocationTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r491
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of cost recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement by plan. Includes, but is not limited to, related tax benefit.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Cost by Plan [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Cost by Plan
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfCompensationCostForShareBasedPaymentArrangementsAllocationOfShareBasedCompensationCostsByPlanTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r541
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including, but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit), deferred tax expense (benefit), investment tax credits, government grants, the benefits of operating loss carryforwards, tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity, adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity, and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.
        label: Schedule of Components of Income Tax Expense (Benefit) [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of the Provision for Income Taxes
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfComponentsOfIncomeTaxExpenseBenefitTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r76
      r159
      r392
      r394
      r412
      r413
      r414
      r415
      r665
      r666
      r669
      r757
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of long-debt instruments or arrangements, including identification, terms, features, collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity, if longer.
        label: Schedule of Long-term Debt Instruments [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of Debt and Borrowings
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfDebtInstrumentsTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r532
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position, including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities, the total of all deferred tax assets, the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.
        label: Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfDeferredTaxAssetsAndLiabilitiesTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r578
      r580
      r581
      r584
      r585
      r593
      r599
      r607
      r609
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of pertinent information about a derivative or group of derivatives on a disaggregated basis, such as for individual instruments, or small groups of similar instruments. May include a combination of the type of instrument, risks being hedged, notional amount, hedge designation, related hedged item, inception date, maturity date, or other relevant item.
        label: Schedule of Derivative Instruments [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Derivative Instruments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfDerivativeInstrumentsTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDerivativesInstrumentsStatementsOfFinancialPerformanceAndFinancialPositionLocationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r589
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of derivative instruments (including nonderivative instruments that are designated and qualify as hedging instruments) of (a) the location and amount of gains and losses reported in the statement of financial performance and (b) the location and fair value amounts of the instruments reported in the statement of financial position.
        label: Schedule of Derivatives Instruments Statements of Financial Performance and Financial Position, Location [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Derivative Financial Instruments and Classification on Consolidated Balance Sheets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfDerivativesInstrumentsStatementsOfFinancialPerformanceAndFinancialPositionLocationTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsIncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r6
      r18
      r19
      r20
      r21
      r22
      r23
      r28
      r31
      r32
      r33
      r313
      r314
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of information related to a disposal group. Includes, but is not limited to, a discontinued operation, disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.
        label: Disposal Groups, Including Discontinued Operations [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Disposal Groups, Including Discontinued Operations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfDisposalGroupsIncludingDiscontinuedOperationsIncomeStatementBalanceSheetAndAdditionalDisclosuresTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r189
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations, including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.
        label: Schedule of Earnings Per Share, Basic and Diluted [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Computation of Basic and Diluted Earnings (Loss) Per Share
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfEarningsPerShareBasicAndDilutedTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/EARNINGSLOSSPERSHARETables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r519
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the reconciliation using percentage or dollar amounts of the reported amount of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for the year to the amount of income tax expense that would result from applying domestic federal statutory tax rates to pretax income from continuing operations.
        label: Schedule of Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Reconciliation of Expected Income Taxes to Actual
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfEffectiveIncomeTaxRateReconciliationTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r468
      r491
      r504
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about amount recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes, but is not limited to, amount expensed in statement of income or comprehensive income, amount capitalized in statement of financial position, and corresponding reporting line item in financial statements.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Expensed and Capitalized, Amount [Table]
        terseLabel: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Expensed and Capitalized, Amount [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfEmployeeServiceShareBasedCompensationAllocationOfRecognizedPeriodCostsTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSCompensationCostAndRelatedIncomeTaxBenefitsRecognizedDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEntityWideDisclosureOnGeographicAreasLongLivedAssetsInIndividualForeignCountriesByCountryTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r248
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the names of foreign countries in which material long-lived assets other than financial instruments, long-term customer relationships of a financial institution, mortgage and other servicing rights, deferred policy acquisition costs, and deferred tax assets are located, and amount of such long-lived assets located in that country or foreign geographic area.
        label: Schedule of Disclosure on Geographic Areas, Long-Lived Assets in Individual Foreign Countries by Country [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Long Lived Assets, by Geographic Region
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfEntityWideDisclosureOnGeographicAreasLongLivedAssetsInIndividualForeignCountriesByCountryTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r246
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular presentation of the description and amount of revenues from a product or service, or a group of similar products or similar services, reported from external customers during the period, if the information is not provided as part of the reportable operating segment information.
        label: Revenue from External Customers by Products and Services [Table]
        terseLabel: Revenue from External Customers by Products and Services [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONNetSalesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r246
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of entity-wide revenues from external customers for each product or service or each group of similar products or services if the information is not provided as part of the reportable operating segment information.
        label: Revenue from External Customers by Products and Services [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of Revenue by Product Category
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfEntityWideInformationRevenueFromExternalCustomersByProductsAndServicesTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Schedule of Equity Method Investments [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Equity Method Investments [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INVESTMENTSDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r33
      r153
      r263
      r264
      r638
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Summarization of information required and determined to be disclosed concerning equity method investments in common stock. The summarized information includes: (a) the name of each investee or group of investees for which combined disclosure is appropriate, (2) the percentage ownership of common stock, (3) the difference, if any, between the carrying amount of an investment and the value of the underlying equity in the net assets and the accounting treatment of difference, if any, and (4) the aggregate value of each identified investment based on its quoted market price, if available.
        label: Schedule of Equity Method Investments [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Equity Method Investments [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfEquityMethodInvestmentsTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INVESTMENTSDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r626
      r627
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of assets and liabilities, including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity, if any, that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall, segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1), significant other observable inputs (Level 2), and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).
        label: Schedule of Fair Value, Assets and Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfFairValueAssetsAndLiabilitiesMeasuredOnRecurringBasisTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FINANCIALINSTRUMENTSMEASUREDATFAIRVALUETables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r291
      r295
      r727
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life.
        label: Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSComponentsofOtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r291
      r295
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance with a finite life, by either major class or business segment.
        label: Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Other Intangible Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r286
      r288
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of goodwill and the changes during the year due to acquisition, sale, impairment or for other reasons.
        label: Schedule of Goodwill [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Goodwill [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfGoodwillTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSChangesinCarryingAmountofGoodwillDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r286
      r288
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of goodwill by reportable segment and in total which includes a rollforward schedule.
        label: Schedule of Goodwill [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Changes in Carrying Amount of Goodwill
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfGoodwillTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r154
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of income before income tax between domestic and foreign jurisdictions.
        label: Schedule of Income before Income Tax, Domestic and Foreign [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of Components of Income Before Taxes and Equity in Earnings of Equity-Method Investments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfIncomeBeforeIncomeTaxDomesticAndForeignTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r299
      r301
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of assets, excluding financial assets and goodwill, lacking physical substance and exist in perpetuity, by either major class or business segment.
        label: Schedule of Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Other Intangible Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfIndefiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r46
      r62
      r63
      r64
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise, goods, commodities, or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing, servicing or production process.
        label: Schedule of Inventory, Current [Table Text Block]
        verboseLabel: Components of Inventories
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfInventoryCurrentTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INVENTORIESTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r347
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of maturity and sinking fund requirement for long-term debt.
        label: Schedule of Maturities of Long-term Debt [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of Maturities of Debt Instruments
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfMaturitiesOfLongTermDebtTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfNetInvestmentHedgesStatementsOfFinancialPerformanceAndFinancialPositionLocationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r595
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure for net investment hedges of (a) the location and amount of gains and losses reported in the statement of financial performance and (b) the location and fair value amounts of the instruments reported in the statement of financial position.
        label: Schedule of Net Investment Hedges, Statements of Financial Performance and Financial Position, Location [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Pre-Tax Effect of Net Investment Hedges on Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss and the Consolidated Statements of Operations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfNetInvestmentHedgesStatementsOfFinancialPerformanceAndFinancialPositionLocationTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfOtherDerivativesNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsStatementsOfFinancialPerformanceAndFinancialPositionLocationTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r598
      r600
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of derivative instrument not designated or qualifying as hedging instrument.
        label: Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Pre-Tax Effect of Derivative Financial Instruments Not Designated as Hedging Instruments on the Consolidated Statements of Operations
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfOtherDerivativesNotDesignatedAsHedgingInstrumentsStatementsOfFinancialPerformanceAndFinancialPositionLocationTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r68
      r309
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes, but is not limited to, balances by class of assets, depreciation and depletion expense and method used, including composite depreciation, and accumulated deprecation.
        label: Property, Plant and Equipment [Table]
        terseLabel: Property, Plant and Equipment [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfPropertyPlantAndEquipmentTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/PROPERTYPLANTANDEQUIPMENTNETNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPPEUsefulLifeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r699
      r701
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule of quantitative and qualitative information pertaining to related party transactions. Examples of related party transactions include transactions between (a) a parent company and its subsidiary; (b) subsidiaries of a common parent; (c) and entity and its principal owners; and (d) affiliates.
        label: Schedule of Related Party Transactions, by Related Party [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Related Party Transactions, by Related Party [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfRelatedPartyTransactionsByRelatedPartyTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/RELATEDPARTYTRANSACTIONSDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r318
      r319
      r320
      r321
      r328
      r329
      r330
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Table presenting the description of the restructuring costs, such as the expected cost; the costs incurred during the period; the cumulative costs incurred as of the balance sheet date; the income statement caption within which the restructuring charges recognized for the period are included; and the amount of and periodic changes to an entity's restructuring reserve that occurred during the period associated with the exit from or disposal of business activities or restructurings for each major type of cost by type of restructuring.
        label: Schedule of Restructuring and Related Costs [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Restructuring and Related Costs [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/TERMINATIONBENEFITSRELATEDTOPRODUCTIVITYANDTRANSFORMATIONINITIATIVESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r323
      r324
      r327
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of costs incurred for restructuring including, but not limited to, exit and disposal activities, remediation, implementation, integration, asset impairment, and charges against earnings from the write-down of assets.
        label: Restructuring and Related Costs [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Restructuring Activity and Liability Balances
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfRestructuringAndRelatedCostsTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/TERMINATIONBENEFITSRELATEDTOPRODUCTIVITYANDTRANSFORMATIONINITIATIVESTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r227
      r230
      r236
      r286
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A table disclosing the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment of the entity. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker, even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.
        label: Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONLonglivedAssetsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r227
      r230
      r236
      r286
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker, even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.
        label: Schedule of Segment Reporting Information, by Segment [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Segment Reporting Information
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfSegmentReportingInformationBySegmentTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r470
      r494
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of information about share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Schedule of Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award [Table]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Share-based Compensation Arrangements by Share-based Payment Award [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FORMERCHIEFEXECUTIVEOFFICERSUCCESSIONPLANDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNonVestedRestrictedStockAndRestrictedShareUnitAwardsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSRestrictedStockGrantInformationDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSWeightedAverageAssumptionsCEOInducementGrantDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSWeightedAverageAssumptionsLongTermIncentiveProgramDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of the number and weighted-average grant date fair value for restricted stock and restricted stock units that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year, and the number of restricted stock and restricted stock units that were granted, vested, or forfeited during the year.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Unit, Activity [Table Text Block]
        verboseLabel: Non-Vested Restricted Stock and Restricted Share Unit Awards
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfSharebasedCompensationRestrictedStockAndRestrictedStockUnitsActivityTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r528
      r542
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the change in unrecognized tax benefits.
        label: Schedule of Unrecognized Tax Benefits Roll Forward [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Schedule of Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Including Interest and Penalties Activity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleOfUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsRollForwardTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r295
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of the amount of amortization expense expected to be recorded in succeeding fiscal years for finite-lived intangible assets.
        label: Schedule of Finite-Lived Intangible Assets, Future Amortization Expense [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of Expected Amortization Expense Over the Next Five Years
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ScheduleofFiniteLivedIntangibleAssetsFutureAmortizationExpenseTableTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SegmentDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r214
      r218
      r219
      r220
      r221
      r222
      r223
      r224
      r225
      r226
      r227
      r228
      r229
      r232
      r233
      r234
      r235
      r237
      r238
      r239
      r240
      r241
      r243
      r251
      r321
      r330
      r775
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Components of an entity that engage in business activities from which they may earn revenue and incur expenses, including transactions with other components of the same entity.
        label: Segments [Domain]
        terseLabel: Segments [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SegmentDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSChangesinCarryingAmountofGoodwillDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SegmentReportingAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Segment Reporting [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Segment Reporting [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SegmentReportingAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r214
      r216
      r217
      r227
      r231
      r237
      r241
      r242
      r243
      r244
      r246
      r250
      r251
      r252
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue, including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue, internal and external, of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater, in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.
        label: Segment Reporting Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: SEGMENT INFORMATION
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SegmentReportingDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATION
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SegmentReportingInformationLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Segment Reporting Information [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Segment Reporting Information [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SegmentReportingInformationLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONLonglivedAssetsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense: {
     auth_ref: [
      r126
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS: {
       order: 3.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_OperatingIncomeLoss
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services, as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example, credit, warranty, and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products, for example telephone expenses, Internet, and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel, rent, utilities, communication, etc.
        label: Selling, General and Administrative Expense
        terseLabel: Selling, general and administrative expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpense
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Primary financial statement caption encompassing selling, general and administrative expense.
        label: Selling, General and Administrative Expenses [Member]
        terseLabel: Selling, general and administrative expense
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSCompensationCostAndRelatedIncomeTaxBenefitsRecognizedDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesPolicyTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r508
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for inclusion of significant items in the selling, general and administrative (or similar) expense report caption.
        label: Selling, General and Administrative Expenses, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SellingGeneralAndAdministrativeExpensesPolicyTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r141
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS: {
       order: 14.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_NetCashProvidedByUsedInOperatingActivitiesContinuingOperations
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of noncash expense for share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Noncash Expense
        terseLabel: Stock-based compensation, net
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFCASHFLOWS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r471
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Period over which grantee's right to exercise award under share-based payment arrangement is no longer contingent on satisfaction of service or performance condition, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days. Includes, but is not limited to, combination of market, performance or service condition.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Award Vesting Period
        terseLabel: Vesting period
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardVestingPeriod1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r478
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of equity-based payment instruments, excluding stock (or unit) options, that were forfeited during the reporting period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Forfeited in Period
        negatedLabel: Forfeited (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeitedInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNonVestedRestrictedStockAndRestrictedShareUnitAwardsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r482
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average fair value as of the grant date of equity-based award plans other than stock (unit) option plans that were not exercised or put into effect as a result of the occurrence of a terminating event.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Forfeitures, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        verboseLabel: Forfeited (USD per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsForfeituresWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNonVestedRestrictedStockAndRestrictedShareUnitAwardsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r480
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example, phantom stock or unit plan, stock or unit appreciation rights plan, performance target plan).
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Grants in Period
        terseLabel: Equity instruments other than options granted in the period (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r480
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example, phantom stock or unit plan, stock or unit appreciation rights plan, performance target plan).
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Grants in Period, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        verboseLabel: Granted (USD per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsGrantsInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNonVestedRestrictedStockAndRestrictedShareUnitAwardsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r479
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments, excluding stock (or unit) options, that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested, Number
        periodEndLabel: Non-vested restricted stock, restricted share units, and performance units, ending balance (shares)
        periodStartLabel: Non-vested restricted stock, restricted share units, and performance units, beginning balance (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedNumber
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNonVestedRestrictedStockAndRestrictedShareUnitAwardsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested, Number of Shares [Roll Forward]
        terseLabel: Number of Shares and Units
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNonVestedRestrictedStockAndRestrictedShareUnitAwardsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r479
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Per share or unit weighted-average fair value of nonvested award under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes share and unit options.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        periodEndLabel: Non-vested restricted stock, restricted share units, and performance units ending balance (USD per share)
        periodStartLabel: Non-vested restricted stock, restricted share units, and performance units beginning balance (USD per share)
        terseLabel: Grant date fair value (USD per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNonVestedRestrictedStockAndRestrictedShareUnitAwardsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSWeightedAverageAssumptionsCEOInducementGrantDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSWeightedAverageAssumptionsLongTermIncentiveProgramDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A roll forward is a reconciliation of a concept from the beginning of a period to the end of a period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Nonvested, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Weighted Average\u00a0Grant Date\u00a0Fair Value (per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsNonvestedWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValueRollForward
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNonVestedRestrictedStockAndRestrictedShareUnitAwardsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r481
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of equity-based payment instruments, excluding stock (or unit) options, that vested during the reporting period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Vested in Period
        negatedLabel: Vested (shares)
        terseLabel: Vested restricted stock, restricted share units, and performance units (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNonVestedRestrictedStockAndRestrictedShareUnitAwardsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r484
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Fair value of share-based awards for which the grantee gained the right by satisfying service and performance requirements, to receive or retain shares or units, other instruments, or cash.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Vested in Period, Fair Value
        verboseLabel: Fair value of restricted stock vested
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodTotalFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSRestrictedStockGrantInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r481
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period, by satisfying service and performance requirements, to receive or retain shares or units, other instruments, or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Equity Instruments Other than Options, Vested in Period, Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value
        verboseLabel: Vested (USD per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardEquityInstrumentsOtherThanOptionsVestedInPeriodWeightedAverageGrantDateFairValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNonVestedRestrictedStockAndRestrictedShareUnitAwardsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r488
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The estimated dividend rate (a percentage of the share price) to be paid (expected dividends) to holders of the underlying shares over the option's term.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Dividend Rate
        terseLabel: Expected dividend yield
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedDividendRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSWeightedAverageAssumptionsCEOInducementGrantDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSWeightedAverageAssumptionsLongTermIncentiveProgramDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r487
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The estimated measure of the percentage by which a share price is expected to fluctuate during a period. Volatility also may be defined as a probability-weighted measure of the dispersion of returns about the mean. The volatility of a share price is the standard deviation of the continuously compounded rates of return on the share over a specified period. That is the same as the standard deviation of the differences in the natural logarithms of the stock prices plus dividends, if any, over the period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Volatility Rate
        terseLabel: Expected volatility
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedVolatilityRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSWeightedAverageAssumptionsCEOInducementGrantDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSWeightedAverageAssumptionsLongTermIncentiveProgramDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r489
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The risk-free interest rate assumption that is used in valuing an option on its own shares.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Risk Free Interest Rate
        terseLabel: Risk-free interest rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsRiskFreeInterestRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSWeightedAverageAssumptionsCEOInducementGrantDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSWeightedAverageAssumptionsLongTermIncentiveProgramDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: percentItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/FORMERCHIEFEXECUTIVEOFFICERSUCCESSIONPLANDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNonVestedRestrictedStockAndRestrictedShareUnitAwardsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSRestrictedStockGrantInformationDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSWeightedAverageAssumptionsCEOInducementGrantDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSWeightedAverageAssumptionsLongTermIncentiveProgramDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r474
      r475
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of equity instruments other than options outstanding, including both vested and non-vested instruments.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Non-Option Equity Instruments, Outstanding, Number
        terseLabel: Number of awards outstanding (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNonOptionEquityInstrumentsOutstandingNumber
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant: {
     auth_ref: [
      r494
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments), and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards, net of cancellations and forfeitures, if applicable.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Number of Shares Available for Grant
        terseLabel: Number of shares available for grant (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardNumberOfSharesAvailableForGrant
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber: {
     auth_ref: [
      r476
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The number of shares into which fully or partially vested stock options outstanding as of the balance sheet date can be currently converted under the option plan.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercisable, Number
        terseLabel: Options exercisable at year end (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsExercisableNumber
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Gross number of share options (or share units) granted during the period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Grants in Period, Gross
        terseLabel: Options granted in the period (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsGrantsInPeriodGross
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r494
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount by which the current fair value of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise price of options outstanding.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Intrinsic Value
        terseLabel: Aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding options
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingIntrinsicValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice: {
     auth_ref: [
      r474
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average price at which grantees can acquire the shares reserved for issuance under the stock option plan.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Exercise Price
        terseLabel: Outstanding options weighted average exercise price (USD per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageExercisePrice
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesIssuedInPeriod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r494
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares issued under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Shares Issued in Period
        verboseLabel: Granted (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementByShareBasedPaymentAwardSharesIssuedInPeriod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNonVestedRestrictedStockAndRestrictedShareUnitAwardsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardTypeAndPlanNameDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r467
      r472
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Award Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Award Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationArrangementsByShareBasedPaymentAwardAwardTypeAndPlanNameDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNonVestedRestrictedStockAndRestrictedShareUnitAwardsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSRestrictedStockGrantInformationDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSWeightedAverageAssumptionsCEOInducementGrantDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSWeightedAverageAssumptionsLongTermIncentiveProgramDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r470
      r473
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes, but is not limited to, methodology and assumption used in measuring cost.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Stock-Based Compensation
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShareBasedCompensationOptionAndIncentivePlansPolicy
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r491
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSCompensationCostAndRelatedIncomeTaxBenefitsRecognizedDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of cost expensed and capitalized for award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Expensed and Capitalized, Amount
        terseLabel: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Expensed and Capitalized, Amount
        totalLabel: Compensation cost recognized
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardCompensationCost1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSCompensationCostAndRelatedIncomeTaxBenefitsRecognizedDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1: {
     auth_ref: [
      r486
      r503
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Expected term of award under share-based payment arrangement, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Fair Value Assumptions, Expected Term
        terseLabel: Expected term
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardFairValueAssumptionsExpectedTerm1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSWeightedAverageAssumptionsCEOInducementGrantDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSWeightedAverageAssumptionsLongTermIncentiveProgramDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2: {
     auth_ref: [
      r485
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding, in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format, for example, 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year, five months, and thirteen days.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Outstanding, Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term
        terseLabel: Weighted average remaining contractual life
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharebasedCompensationArrangementBySharebasedPaymentAwardOptionsOutstandingWeightedAverageRemainingContractualTerm2
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: durationItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SharesPaidForTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares used to settle grantee's tax withholding obligation for award under share-based payment arrangement.
        label: Share-based Payment Arrangement, Shares Withheld for Tax Withholding Obligation
        terseLabel: Shares withheld for payment of employee payroll taxes due on shares issued under stock-based compensation plans (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SharesPaidForTaxWithholdingForShareBasedCompensation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShortMember: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Indicates the sale of a borrowed security or written option.
        label: Short [Member]
        terseLabel: Short
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShortMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESDerivativeInformationDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ShortTermLeaseCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r684
      r692
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESLeaseExpenseDetails: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LeaseCost
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of short-term lease cost, excluding expense for lease with term of one month or less.
        label: Short-term Lease, Cost
        terseLabel: Short-term lease expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ShortTermLeaseCost
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESLeaseExpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r17
      r214
      r218
      r219
      r220
      r221
      r222
      r223
      r224
      r225
      r226
      r227
      r228
      r229
      r232
      r233
      r234
      r235
      r237
      r238
      r239
      r240
      r241
      r243
      r251
      r286
      r312
      r321
      r330
      r775
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by business segments.
        label: Segments [Axis]
        terseLabel: Segments [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementBusinessSegmentsAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DISPOSITIONSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSChangesinCarryingAmountofGoodwillDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementEquityComponentsAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r2
      r80
      r110
      r111
      r112
      r161
      r162
      r163
      r166
      r175
      r177
      r197
      r270
      r411
      r416
      r499
      r500
      r501
      r545
      r546
      r622
      r654
      r655
      r656
      r657
      r658
      r661
      r783
      r784
      r785
      r829
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by component of equity.
        label: Equity Components [Axis]
        terseLabel: Equity Components [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementEquityComponentsAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESCashFlowHedgesandAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DERIVATIVESANDHEDGINGACTIVITIESPreTaxEffectofDerivativeFinancialInstrumentsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYAccumulatedOtherComprehensiveLossDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESRecentlyIssuedandAdoptedAdoptedAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Statement [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Statement [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Statement of Cash Flows [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementOfCashFlowsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Financial Position [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Statement of Financial Position [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementOfFinancialPositionAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Comprehensive Income [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Statement of Comprehensive Income [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementOfIncomeAndComprehensiveIncomeAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Statement of Stockholders' Equity [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Statement of Stockholders' Equity [Abstract]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementOfStockholdersEquityAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StatementTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r161
      r162
      r163
      r197
      r726
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Schedule reflecting a Statement of Income, Statement of Cash Flows, Statement of Financial Position, Statement of Shareholders' Equity and Other Comprehensive Income, or other statement as needed.
        label: Statement [Table]
        terseLabel: Statement [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StatementTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r52
      r53
      r411
      r416
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number, after forfeiture, of shares or units issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes shares or units issued under employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).
        label: Shares Issued, Shares, Share-based Payment Arrangement, after Forfeiture
        verboseLabel: Issuance of common stock pursuant to compensation plans (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesShareBasedCompensation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised: {
     auth_ref: [
      r52
      r53
      r411
      r416
      r477
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of share options (or share units) exercised during the current period.
        label: Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award, Options, Exercises in Period
        terseLabel: Exercised (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodSharesStockOptionsExercised
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKBASEDCOMPENSATIONANDINCENTIVEPERFORMANCEPLANSNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation: {
     auth_ref: [
      r52
      r53
      r416
      r469
      r483
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Value, after forfeiture, of shares issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).
        label: Shares Issued, Value, Share-based Payment Arrangement, after Forfeiture
        terseLabel: Issuance of common stock pursuant to stock-based compensation plans
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockIssuedDuringPeriodValueShareBasedCompensation
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramAuthorizedAmount1: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of stock repurchase plan authorized.
        label: Stock Repurchase Program, Authorized Amount
        terseLabel: Authorized amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockRepurchaseProgramAuthorizedAmount1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockRepurchaseProgramRemainingAuthorizedRepurchaseAmount1: {
     auth_ref: []
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount remaining of a stock repurchase plan authorized.
        label: Stock Repurchase Program, Remaining Authorized Repurchase Amount
        terseLabel: Remaining authorized repurchase amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockRepurchaseProgramRemainingAuthorizedRepurchaseAmount1
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares: {
     auth_ref: [
      r52
      r53
      r411
      r416
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares that have been repurchased during the period and have not been retired and are not held in treasury. Some state laws may govern the circumstances under which an entity may acquire its own stock and prescribe the accounting treatment therefore. This element is used when state law does not recognize treasury stock.
        label: Stock Repurchased During Period, Shares
        terseLabel: Repurchases of common stock (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodShares
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r52
      r53
      r411
      r416
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equity impact of the value of stock that has been repurchased during the period and has not been retired and is not held in treasury. Some state laws may mandate the circumstances under which an entity may acquire its own stock and prescribe the accounting treatment therefore. This element is used when state law does not recognize treasury stock.
        label: Stock Repurchased During Period, Value
        negatedTerseLabel: Repurchases of common stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockRepurchasedDuringPeriodValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquity: {
     auth_ref: [
      r53
      r58
      r59
      r153
      r257
      r264
      r638
      r706
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LiabilitiesAndStockholdersEquity
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items, net of receivables from officers, directors, owners, and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest, minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
        label: Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent
        periodEndLabel: Ending balance
        periodStartLabel: Beginning balance
        terseLabel: Adjustment for accounting standard update
        totalLabel: Total stockholders\u2019 equity
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockholdersEquity
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESRecentlyIssuedandAdoptedAdoptedAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Stockholders' Equity Attributable to Parent [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Stockholders\u2019 equity:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockholdersEquityAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r151
      r398
      r400
      r401
      r402
      r403
      r404
      r405
      r406
      r407
      r408
      r409
      r410
      r416
      r421
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest, including other comprehensive income. Includes, but is not limited to, balances of common stock, preferred stock, additional paid-in capital, other capital and retained earnings, accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.
        label: Stockholders' Equity Note Disclosure [Text Block]
        terseLabel: STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
       }
      }
     }
     localname: StockholdersEquityNoteDisclosureTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r662
      r707
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identifies event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.
        label: Subsequent Event [Member]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r662
      r707
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.
        label: Subsequent Event Type [Axis]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event Type [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventTypeAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SubsequentEventTypeDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r662
      r707
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Event that occurred after the balance sheet date but before financial statements are issued or available to be issued.
        label: Subsequent Event Type [Domain]
        terseLabel: Subsequent Event Type [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SubsequentEventTypeDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_SummaryOfValuationAllowanceTextBlock: {
     auth_ref: [
      r531
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Tabular disclosure of valuation allowances to reduce deferred tax assets to net realizable value, including identification of the deferred tax asset more likely than not will not be fully realized and the corresponding amount of the valuation allowance.
        label: Summary of Valuation Allowance [Table Text Block]
        terseLabel: Summary of Changes in Valuation Allowances
       }
      }
     }
     localname: SummaryOfValuationAllowanceTextBlock
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESTables
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017MeasurementPeriodAdjustmentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit: {
     auth_ref: [
      r555
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of income tax expense (benefit) for measurement period adjustment from accounting for tax effect pursuant to Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.
        label: Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Measurement Period Adjustment, Income Tax Expense (Benefit)
        terseLabel: Tax expense upon finalizing analysis of the impact from the Tax Act
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TaxCutsAndJobsActOf2017MeasurementPeriodAdjustmentIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TradeNamesMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r566
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Rights acquired through registration of a business name to gain or protect exclusive use thereof.
        label: Trade Names [Member]
        terseLabel: Trade Names
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TradeNamesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TrademarksAndTradeNamesMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r566
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Rights acquired through registration of a trademark to gain or protect exclusive use of a business name, symbol or other device or style, or rights either acquired through registration of a business name to gain or protect exclusive use thereof.
        label: Trademarks and Trade Names [Member]
        terseLabel: Trademarks and trade names
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TrademarksAndTradeNamesMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/GOODWILLANDOTHERINTANGIBLEASSETSComponentsofOtherIntangibleAssetsDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SEGMENTINFORMATIONSegmentDataDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TransfersAndServicingOfFinancialAssetsTransfersOfFinancialAssetsPolicy: {
     auth_ref: [
      r709
      r716
      r717
      r722
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for transfers of financial assets, including securitization transactions. The disclosure is generally expected to include how the entity determines whether a transaction is accounted for as a sale or financing, and the initial and subsequent accounting for such a transaction. The disclosure also may address how interests that are obtained and sold, or those that continue to be held, in such transactions are measured and accounted for, and the methodology and significant assumptions used to value such interests, and the gains or losses resulting from the sale.
        label: Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets, Transfers of Financial Assets, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Transfer of Financial Assets
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TransfersAndServicingOfFinancialAssetsTransfersOfFinancialAssetsPolicy
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockAcquiredAverageCostPerShare: {
     auth_ref: [
      r417
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Total cost of shares repurchased divided by the total number of shares repurchased.
        label: Treasury Stock Acquired, Average Cost Per Share
        terseLabel: Average cost (USD per share)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TreasuryStockAcquiredAverageCostPerShare
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: perShareItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r79
      r417
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Shares of an entity that have been repurchased by the entity. This stock has no voting rights and receives no dividends. Note that treasury stock may be recorded at its total cost or separately as par (or stated) value and additional paid in capital. Classified within stockholders' equity if nonredeemable or redeemable solely at the option of the issuer. Classified within temporary equity if redemption is outside the control of the issuer.
        label: Treasury Stock [Member]
        terseLabel: Treasury Stock
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TreasuryStockMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockShares: {
     auth_ref: [
      r79
      r417
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of common and preferred shares that were previously issued and that were repurchased by the issuing entity and held in treasury on the financial statement date. This stock has no voting rights and receives no dividends.
        label: Treasury Stock, Shares
        terseLabel: Treasury stock, shares (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TreasuryStockShares
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETSParenthetical
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockSharesAcquired: {
     auth_ref: [
      r53
      r411
      r416
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of shares that have been repurchased during the period and are being held in treasury.
        label: Treasury Stock, Shares, Acquired
        terseLabel: Number of shares repurchased (in shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TreasuryStockSharesAcquired
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockValue: {
     auth_ref: [
      r79
      r417
      r420
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS: {
       order: 2.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_StockholdersEquity
       weight: -1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued, repurchased by the entity, and are held in its treasury.
        label: Treasury Stock, Value
        negatedLabel: Less: Treasury stock, at cost, 10,438 and 7,238 shares, respectively
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TreasuryStockValue
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDBALANCESHEETS
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TreasuryStockValueAcquiredParValueMethod: {
     auth_ref: [
      r411
      r416
      r417
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Equity impact of the cost of common and preferred stock that were repurchased during the period. Recorded using the par value method.
        label: Treasury Stock, Value, Acquired, Par Value Method
        terseLabel: Shares repurchased
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TreasuryStockValueAcquiredParValueMethod
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/STOCKHOLDERSEQUITYNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TypeOfAdoptionMember: {
     auth_ref: [
      r0
      r1
      r2
      r3
      r4
      r165
      r166
      r167
      r168
      r178
      r258
      r259
      r267
      r268
      r269
      r270
      r271
      r272
      r348
      r495
      r496
      r497
      r498
      r499
      r500
      r501
      r502
      r543
      r544
      r545
      r546
      r614
      r615
      r616
      r617
      r618
      r619
      r620
      r621
      r622
      r623
      r624
      r640
      r641
      r642
      r643
      r644
      r645
      r646
      r647
      r694
      r728
      r729
      r730
      r781
      r782
      r783
      r784
      r785
      r786
      r787
      r788
      r789
      r790
      r791
      r792
      r825
      r826
      r827
      r828
      r829
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amendment to accounting standards.
        label: Accounting Standards Update [Domain]
        terseLabel: Type of Adoption [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TypeOfAdoptionMember
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTOFSTOCKHOLDERSEQUITY
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESRecentlyIssuedandAdoptedAdoptedAccountingPronouncementsDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_TypeOfRestructuringDomain: {
     auth_ref: [
      r318
      r319
      r328
      r329
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Identification of the types of restructuring costs.
        label: Type of Restructuring [Domain]
        terseLabel: Type of Restructuring [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: TypeOfRestructuringDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/TERMINATIONBENEFITSRELATEDTOPRODUCTIVITYANDTRANSFORMATIONINITIATIVESDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UndistributedEarningsOfForeignSubsidiaries: {
     auth_ref: [
      r511
      r562
      r758
      r793
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries intended to be permanently reinvested outside the country of domicile.
        label: Undistributed Earnings of Foreign Subsidiaries
        terseLabel: Undistributed earnings of foreign subsidiaries
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UndistributedEarningsOfForeignSubsidiaries
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefits: {
     auth_ref: [
      r512
      r523
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of unrecognized tax benefits.
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits
        periodEndLabel: Balance at end of year
        periodStartLabel: Balance at beginning of year
        terseLabel: Unrecognized tax benefits
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefits
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESNarrativeDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued: {
     auth_ref: [
      r521
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount accrued for interest on an underpayment of income taxes and penalties related to a tax position claimed or expected to be claimed in the tax return.
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Income Tax Penalties and Interest Accrued
        terseLabel: Interest and penalties, accrued
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncomeTaxPenaltiesAndInterestAccrued
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r525
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions that have been or will be taken in current period tax return.
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Increase Resulting from Current Period Tax Positions
        terseLabel: Additions based on tax positions related to the current year
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromCurrentPeriodTaxPositions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions: {
     auth_ref: [
      r524
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from tax positions taken in prior period tax returns.
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Increase Resulting from Prior Period Tax Positions
        terseLabel: Additions based on tax positions related to prior years
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsIncreasesResultingFromPriorPeriodTaxPositions
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations: {
     auth_ref: [
      r526
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of decrease in unrecognized tax benefits resulting from lapses of applicable statutes of limitations.
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits, Reduction Resulting from Lapse of Applicable Statute of Limitations
        negatedTerseLabel: Reductions due to lapse in statute of limitations and settlements
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsReductionsResultingFromLapseOfApplicableStatuteOfLimitations
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESUnrecognizedTaxBenefitsActivityDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate: {
     auth_ref: [
      r527
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate.
        label: Unrecognized Tax Benefits that Would Impact Effective Tax Rate
        terseLabel: Unrecognized tax benefits that would impact effective tax rate
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UnrecognizedTaxBenefitsThatWouldImpactEffectiveTaxRate
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESNarrativeDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_UseOfEstimates: {
     auth_ref: [
      r199
      r200
      r202
      r203
      r210
      r211
      r212
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Disclosure of accounting policy for the use of estimates in the preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles.
        label: Use of Estimates, Policy [Policy Text Block]
        terseLabel: Use of Estimates
       }
      }
     }
     localname: UseOfEstimates
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/SUMMARYOFSIGNIFICANTACCOUNTINGPOLICIESANDPRACTICESPolicies
     ]
     xbrltype: textBlockItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceByDeferredTaxAssetAxis: {
     auth_ref: [
      r531
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of deferred tax consequences attributable to deductible temporary differences.
        label: Valuation Allowance by Deferred Tax Asset [Axis]
        terseLabel: Valuation Allowance by Deferred Tax Asset [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAllowanceByDeferredTaxAssetAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESChangesinValuationAllowancesDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount: {
     auth_ref: [
      r532
     ]
     crdr: credit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of increase (decrease) in the valuation allowance for a specified deferred tax asset.
        label: Valuation Allowance, Deferred Tax Asset, Increase (Decrease), Amount
        terseLabel: Change in valuation allowance
        verboseLabel: Valuation allowance, deferred tax asset, increase (decrease), amount
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAllowanceDeferredTaxAssetChangeInAmount
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESChangesinValuationAllowancesDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceLineItems: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Line items represent financial concepts included in a table. These concepts are used to disclose reportable information associated with domain members defined in one or many axes to the table.
        label: Valuation Allowance [Line Items]
        terseLabel: Valuation Allowance [Line Items]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAllowanceLineItems
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESChangesinValuationAllowancesDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_ValuationAllowanceTable: {
     auth_ref: [
      r531
     ]
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: A listing of an entity's valuation allowances to reduce deferred tax assets to amounts which it is more likely than not will not be realized, including a description of the deferred tax assets for which the valuation allowance has been recorded and the amount of the valuation allowance.
        label: Valuation Allowance [Table]
        terseLabel: Valuation Allowance [Table]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: ValuationAllowanceTable
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESChangesinValuationAllowancesDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESComponentsofDeferredTaxAssetsandLiabilitiesDetails
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/INCOMETAXESReconciliationofExpectedIncomeTaxesDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_VariableLeaseCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r685
      r692
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESLeaseExpenseDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_LeaseCost
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Amount of variable lease cost, excluded from lease liability, recognized when obligation for payment is incurred for finance and operating leases.
        label: Variable Lease, Cost
        terseLabel: Variable lease expenses
       }
      }
     }
     localname: VariableLeaseCost
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/LEASESLeaseExpenseDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
    us-gaap_VariableRateAxis: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Information by type of variable rate.
        label: Variable Rate [Axis]
        terseLabel: Variable Rate [Axis]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: VariableRateAxis
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSCreditAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_VariableRateDomain: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Interest rate that fluctuates over time as a result of an underlying benchmark interest rate or index.
        label: Variable Rate [Domain]
        terseLabel: Variable Rate [Domain]
       }
      }
     }
     localname: VariableRateDomain
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSCreditAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: domainItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding: {
     auth_ref: [
      r180
      r189
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/EARNINGSLOSSPERSHAREComputationofBasicandDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails: {
       order: null
       parentTag: null
       root: true
       weight: null
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU), determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
        label: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Diluted
        terseLabel: Diluted (shares)
        totalLabel: Diluted weighted average shares outstanding (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/EARNINGSLOSSPERSHAREComputationofBasicandDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Diluted [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Shares used in the calculation of net income (loss) per common share:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic: {
     auth_ref: [
      r179
      r189
     ]
     calculation: {
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/EARNINGSLOSSPERSHAREComputationofBasicandDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails: {
       order: 1.0
       parentTag: us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfDilutedSharesOutstanding
       weight: 1.0
      }
     }
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Number of [basic] shares or units, after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding, determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.
        label: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding, Basic
        terseLabel: Basic (shares)
        verboseLabel: Basic weighted average shares outstanding (shares)
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingBasic
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/CONSOLIDATEDSTATEMENTSOFOPERATIONS
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/EARNINGSLOSSPERSHAREComputationofBasicandDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: sharesItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingDilutedDisclosureItemsAbstract: {
     auth_ref: []
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        label: Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding Reconciliation [Abstract]
        terseLabel: Denominator:
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WeightedAverageNumberOfSharesOutstandingDilutedDisclosureItemsAbstract
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/EARNINGSLOSSPERSHAREComputationofBasicandDilutedEarningsPerShareDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: stringItemType
    }
    us-gaap_WriteOffOfDeferredDebtIssuanceCost: {
     auth_ref: [
      r127
     ]
     crdr: debit
     lang: {
      en-us: {
       role: {
        documentation: Write-off of amounts previously capitalized as debt issuance cost in an extinguishment of debt.
        label: Write off of Deferred Debt Issuance Cost
        terseLabel: Write off of unamortized issuance costs
       }
      }
     }
     localname: WriteOffOfDeferredDebtIssuanceCost
     nsuri: http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2021-01-31
     presentation: [
      http://www.hain-celestial.com/role/DEBTANDBORROWINGSCreditAgreementDetails
     ]
     xbrltype: monetaryItemType
    }
   }
   unitCount: 11
  }
 }
 std_ref: {
  r0: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 105
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124434974&loc=SL124442142-165695
  }
  r1: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 105
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124434974&loc=SL124442142-165695
  }
  r10: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222160&loc=d3e957-107759
  }
  r100: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124509347&loc=d3e689-108580
  }
  r101: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 16
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124509347&loc=d3e709-108580
  }
  r102: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124509347&loc=SL34724391-108580
  }
  r103: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124509347&loc=SL7669619-108580
  }
  r104: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124509347&loc=SL7669619-108580
  }
  r105: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124509347&loc=SL7669619-108580
  }
  r106: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124509347&loc=SL7669625-108580
  }
  r107: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124509347&loc=SL7669625-108580
  }
  r108: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124509347&loc=d3e557-108580
  }
  r109: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431353&loc=SL116659661-227067
  }
  r11: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222160&loc=SL51721523-107759
  }
  r110: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431353&loc=SL124442407-227067
  }
  r111: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431353&loc=SL124442411-227067
  }
  r112: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431353&loc=SL124452729-227067
  }
  r113: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124507222&loc=d3e1436-108581
  }
  r114: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(13))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123367319&loc=SL114868656-224227
  }
  r115: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (210.5-03(11))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123367319&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r116: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(12))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123367319&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r117: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(14))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123367319&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r118: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(20))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123367319&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r119: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(21))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123367319&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r12: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222160&loc=SL51721525-107759
  }
  r120: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(24))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123367319&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r121: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(25))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123367319&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r122: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03(4))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123367319&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r123: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.1,2)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123367319&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r124: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.13)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123367319&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r125: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.2(a),(d))
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123367319&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r126: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.4)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123367319&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r127: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.8)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123367319&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r128: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-03.9)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123367319&loc=SL114868664-224227
  }
  r129: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114868897&loc=SL114872001-224240
  }
  r13: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222160&loc=d3e1012-107759
  }
  r130: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123570139&loc=d3e3179-108585
  }
  r131: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123570139&loc=d3e3179-108585
  }
  r132: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123570139&loc=d3e3213-108585
  }
  r133: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123570139&loc=d3e3255-108585
  }
  r134: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123570139&loc=d3e3291-108585
  }
  r135: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123570139&loc=d3e3291-108585
  }
  r136: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123570139&loc=d3e3367-108585
  }
  r137: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123570139&loc=d3e3367-108585
  }
  r138: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 24
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123570139&loc=d3e3521-108585
  }
  r139: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123570139&loc=d3e3536-108585
  }
  r14: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222160&loc=d3e1060-107759
  }
  r140: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123570139&loc=d3e3536-108585
  }
  r141: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123570139&loc=d3e3602-108585
  }
  r142: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123570139&loc=d3e3602-108585
  }
  r143: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123570139&loc=d3e3602-108585
  }
  r144: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123570139&loc=d3e3044-108585
  }
  r145: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123431023&loc=d3e4273-108586
  }
  r146: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123431023&loc=d3e4297-108586
  }
  r147: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 230
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123431023&loc=SL98516268-108586
  }
  r148: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123372394&loc=d3e18823-107790
  }
  r149: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123372394&loc=d3e18823-107790
  }
  r15: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222160&loc=d3e1063-107759
  }
  r150: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(c))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r151: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(e)(1))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r152: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(f))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r153: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(g)(1)(ii))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r154: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(h)(1)(Note 1))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r155: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(h)(1))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r156: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(h)(2))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r157: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(h))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r158: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.4-08(n))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e23780-122690
  }
  r159: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-04(a))
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120395691&loc=d3e24072-122690
  }
  r16: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=d3e1361-107760
  }
  r160: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 235
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122369
  }
  r161: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 23
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124436220&loc=d3e21914-107793
  }
  r162: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 24
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124436220&loc=d3e21930-107793
  }
  r163: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124436220&loc=d3e21711-107793
  }
  r164: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124436220&loc=d3e21728-107793
  }
  r165: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)(2)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22499-107794
  }
  r166: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)(3)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22499-107794
  }
  r167: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)(4)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22499-107794
  }
  r168: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22499-107794
  }
  r169: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22499-107794
  }
  r17: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=d3e1361-107760
  }
  r170: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22694-107794
  }
  r171: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22694-107794
  }
  r172: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22583-107794
  }
  r173: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22595-107794
  }
  r174: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22644-107794
  }
  r175: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22644-107794
  }
  r176: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22658-107794
  }
  r177: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124431687&loc=d3e22663-107794
  }
  r178: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 11.M.Q2)
   Topic: 250
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122038215&loc=d3e31137-122693
  }
  r179: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125511455&loc=d3e1448-109256
  }
  r18: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=d3e1361-107760
  }
  r180: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 16
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125511455&loc=d3e1505-109256
  }
  r181: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125511455&loc=d3e1252-109256
  }
  r182: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125511455&loc=d3e1707-109256
  }
  r183: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 23
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125511455&loc=d3e1757-109256
  }
  r184: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125511455&loc=d3e1500-109256
  }
  r185: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125511455&loc=d3e1278-109256
  }
  r186: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 60B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125511455&loc=SL5780133-109256
  }
  r187: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 60B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125511455&loc=SL5780133-109256
  }
  r188: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125511455&loc=d3e1337-109256
  }
  r189: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124432515&loc=d3e3550-109257
  }
  r19: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=d3e1474-107760
  }
  r190: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124432515&loc=d3e3550-109257
  }
  r191: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124432515&loc=d3e3630-109257
  }
  r192: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109243012&loc=SL65017193-207537
  }
  r193: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125512782&loc=d3e3842-109258
  }
  r194: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 52
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125512782&loc=d3e4984-109258
  }
  r195: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 260
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144383
  }
  r196: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 270
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124437754&loc=d3e543-108305
  }
  r197: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 272
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125520817&loc=d3e70191-108054
  }
  r198: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  }
  r199: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  }
  r2: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 105
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124434974&loc=SL124442142-165695
  }
  r20: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721659-107760
  }
  r200: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  }
  r201: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e5967-108592
  }
  r202: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6161-108592
  }
  r203: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6191-108592
  }
  r204: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 16
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6327-108592
  }
  r205: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6351-108592
  }
  r206: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6351-108592
  }
  r207: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6351-108592
  }
  r208: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6404-108592
  }
  r209: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 21
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6442-108592
  }
  r21: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721663-107760
  }
  r210: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6061-108592
  }
  r211: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6132-108592
  }
  r212: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393423&loc=d3e6143-108592
  }
  r213: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 275
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2134479
  }
  r214: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8657-108599
  }
  r215: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8672-108599
  }
  r216: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 21
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8721-108599
  }
  r217: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 21
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8721-108599
  }
  r218: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r219: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r22: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721665-107760
  }
  r220: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r221: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r222: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r223: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r224: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (g)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r225: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (h)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r226: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (j)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r227: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8736-108599
  }
  r228: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8813-108599
  }
  r229: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8813-108599
  }
  r23: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721671-107760
  }
  r230: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8813-108599
  }
  r231: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 26
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8844-108599
  }
  r232: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 30
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8906-108599
  }
  r233: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 30
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8906-108599
  }
  r234: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 30
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8906-108599
  }
  r235: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 30
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8906-108599
  }
  r236: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 30
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8906-108599
  }
  r237: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 31
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8924-108599
  }
  r238: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 32
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8933-108599
  }
  r239: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 32
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8933-108599
  }
  r24: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721673-107760
  }
  r240: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 32
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8933-108599
  }
  r241: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 32
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8933-108599
  }
  r242: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 32
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8933-108599
  }
  r243: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 32
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8933-108599
  }
  r244: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 34
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8981-108599
  }
  r245: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e8475-108599
  }
  r246: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 40
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e9031-108599
  }
  r247: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 41
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e9038-108599
  }
  r248: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 41
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e9038-108599
  }
  r249: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 41
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: a
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e9038-108599
  }
  r25: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721673-107760
  }
  r250: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 41
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e9038-108599
  }
  r251: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 42
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123359005&loc=d3e9054-108599
  }
  r252: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 280
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2134510
  }
  r253: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124259787&loc=d3e4647-111522
  }
  r254: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124259787&loc=d3e4428-111522
  }
  r255: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124259787&loc=d3e4531-111522
  }
  r256: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123577603&loc=d3e5074-111524
  }
  r257: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 4.E)
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122038336&loc=d3e74512-122707
  }
  r258: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124402435&loc=SL124402458-218513
  }
  r259: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 310
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124402435&loc=SL124402458-218513
  }
  r26: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721673-107760
  }
  r260: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 323
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109237563&loc=d3e33749-111570
  }
  r261: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 323
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109237563&loc=d3e33775-111570
  }
  r262: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 323
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114001798&loc=d3e33918-111571
  }
  r263: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(b)
   Topic: 323
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114001798&loc=d3e33918-111571
  }
  r264: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 323
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114001798&loc=d3e33918-111571
  }
  r265: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 323
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2196965
  }
  r266: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122640432&loc=SL82887624-210437
  }
  r267: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122640432&loc=SL121648383-210437
  }
  r268: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122640432&loc=SL121648383-210437
  }
  r269: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122640432&loc=SL121648383-210437
  }
  r27: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721673-107760
  }
  r270: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122640432&loc=SL121648383-210437
  }
  r271: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)(3)
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122640432&loc=SL121648383-210437
  }
  r272: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)(4)
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122640432&loc=SL121648383-210437
  }
  r273: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 326
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124255206&loc=SL82895884-210446
  }
  r274: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4492-108314
  }
  r275: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4542-108314
  }
  r276: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116847112&loc=d3e4556-108314
  }
  r277: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 330
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2126998
  }
  r278: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 05
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 340
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123349782&loc=d3e5879-108316
  }
  r279: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 340
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6387103&loc=d3e6435-108320
  }
  r28: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721673-107760
  }
  r280: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99380562&loc=d3e13770-109266
  }
  r281: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99380562&loc=d3e13777-109266
  }
  r282: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120320667&loc=SL49117168-202975
  }
  r283: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121556970&loc=d3e13816-109267
  }
  r284: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121556970&loc=d3e13816-109267
  }
  r285: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121556970&loc=d3e13816-109267
  }
  r286: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121556970&loc=d3e13816-109267
  }
  r287: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121556970&loc=d3e13854-109267
  }
  r288: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121556970&loc=d3e13854-109267
  }
  r289: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6388964&loc=d3e16212-109274
  }
  r29: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5C
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)(2)
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721675-107760
  }
  r290: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6388964&loc=d3e16225-109274
  }
  r291: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16265-109275
  }
  r292: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16265-109275
  }
  r293: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16265-109275
  }
  r294: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: ((a)(1),(b))
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  }
  r295: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  }
  r296: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  }
  r297: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)(2)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  }
  r298: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)(3)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  }
  r299: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16323-109275
  }
  r3: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 105
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124434974&loc=SL124442142-165695
  }
  r30: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5C
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)(2)
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721675-107760
  }
  r300: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16373-109275
  }
  r301: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (b),(d)
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=66006027&loc=d3e16373-109275
  }
  r302: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 350
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144416
  }
  r303: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351718&loc=d3e2599-110228
  }
  r304: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351718&loc=d3e2611-110228
  }
  r305: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351718&loc=d3e2473-110228
  }
  r306: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  }
  r307: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  }
  r308: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  }
  r309: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6391035&loc=d3e2868-110229
  }
  r31: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5C
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721675-107760
  }
  r310: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  }
  r311: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  }
  r312: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  }
  r313: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=d3e2941-110230
  }
  r314: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109226691&loc=SL51724579-110230
  }
  r315: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 360
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2155823
  }
  r316: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109237686&loc=d3e17752-110868
  }
  r317: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  }
  r318: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)(1)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  }
  r319: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)(2)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  }
  r32: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5D
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721677-107760
  }
  r320: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  }
  r321: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  }
  r322: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  }
  r323: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6394359&loc=d3e17939-110869
  }
  r324: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 5.P.3)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140864-122747
  }
  r325: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.P.3)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140864-122747
  }
  r326: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 5.P.4(b)(2))
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  }
  r327: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 5.P.4)
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  }
  r328: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.P.4(b)(1))
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  }
  r329: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.P.4(b)(2))
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  }
  r33: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222650&loc=SL51721683-107760
  }
  r330: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.P.4(d))
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  }
  r331: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.P.4(e))
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=115931487&loc=d3e140904-122747
  }
  r332: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 420
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2175745
  }
  r333: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 440
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123406679&loc=d3e25336-109308
  }
  r334: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 440
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123406679&loc=d3e25336-109308
  }
  r335: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 440
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144648
  }
  r336: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121557415&loc=d3e14326-108349
  }
  r337: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121557415&loc=d3e14615-108349
  }
  r338: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121557415&loc=d3e14394-108349
  }
  r339: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121557415&loc=d3e14435-108349
  }
  r34: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=26872618&loc=d3e7436-122677
  }
  r340: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121557415&loc=d3e14435-108349
  }
  r341: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121557415&loc=d3e14453-108349
  }
  r342: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121557415&loc=d3e14472-108349
  }
  r343: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121557415&loc=d3e14557-108349
  }
  r344: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 450
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2127136
  }
  r345: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 460
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124440162&loc=d3e12021-110248
  }
  r346: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 460
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124440162&loc=d3e12053-110248
  }
  r347: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123465755&loc=d3e1835-112601
  }
  r348: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S65
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124359872&loc=SL124427846-239511
  }
  r349: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(i))
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124359900&loc=SL124442526-122756
  }
  r35: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=2122178
  }
  r350: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(ii))
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124359900&loc=SL124442526-122756
  }
  r351: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(iii)(A))
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124359900&loc=SL124442526-122756
  }
  r352: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(iii)(B))
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124359900&loc=SL124442526-122756
  }
  r353: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(iii))
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124359900&loc=SL124442526-122756
  }
  r354: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.13-01(a)(4)(iv))
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124359900&loc=SL124442526-122756
  }
  r355: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.13-01(a)(5))
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124359900&loc=SL124442526-122756
  }
  r356: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(i))
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124359900&loc=SL124442552-122756
  }
  r357: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(iii)(A)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124359900&loc=SL124442552-122756
  }
  r358: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(iii)(A))
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124359900&loc=SL124442552-122756
  }
  r359: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(iii)(B)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124359900&loc=SL124442552-122756
  }
  r36: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124098289&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r360: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(iii)(B))
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124359900&loc=SL124442552-122756
  }
  r361: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(iii)(C))
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124359900&loc=SL124442552-122756
  }
  r362: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.13-02(a)(4)(iv))
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124359900&loc=SL124442552-122756
  }
  r363: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.13-02(a)(5))
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124359900&loc=SL124442552-122756
  }
  r364: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495323-112611
  }
  r365: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495323-112611
  }
  r366: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495323-112611
  }
  r367: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495323-112611
  }
  r368: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495323-112611
  }
  r369: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495323-112611
  }
  r37: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124098289&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r370: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (g)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495323-112611
  }
  r371: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (h)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495323-112611
  }
  r372: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (i)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495323-112611
  }
  r373: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495323-112611
  }
  r374: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1C
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495334-112611
  }
  r375: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1C
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495334-112611
  }
  r376: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1C
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495334-112611
  }
  r377: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1D
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495340-112611
  }
  r378: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1D
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495340-112611
  }
  r379: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1D
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495340-112611
  }
  r38: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124098289&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r380: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1E
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495348-112611
  }
  r381: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1E
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495348-112611
  }
  r382: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1E
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495348-112611
  }
  r383: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1E
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495348-112611
  }
  r384: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1F
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495355-112611
  }
  r385: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1F
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495355-112611
  }
  r386: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1F
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)(1)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495355-112611
  }
  r387: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1F
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)(2)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495355-112611
  }
  r388: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1I
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495371-112611
  }
  r389: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1I
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495371-112611
  }
  r39: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (g)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124098289&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r390: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1I
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466505&loc=SL123495371-112611
  }
  r391: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)(3)
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466204&loc=SL6031897-161870
  }
  r392: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 69B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466577&loc=SL123495735-112612
  }
  r393: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 69C
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466577&loc=SL123495737-112612
  }
  r394: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 69E
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466577&loc=SL123495743-112612
  }
  r395: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 69F
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123466577&loc=SL123495745-112612
  }
  r396: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 470
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2208564
  }
  r397: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=SL123496158-112644
  }
  r398: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=SL123496158-112644
  }
  r399: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=SL123496158-112644
  }
  r4: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 105
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124434974&loc=SL124442142-165695
  }
  r40: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124098289&loc=d3e6676-107765
  }
  r400: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (g)
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=SL123496158-112644
  }
  r401: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (h)
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=SL123496158-112644
  }
  r402: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (i)
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=SL123496158-112644
  }
  r403: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=SL123496158-112644
  }
  r404: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=SL123496171-112644
  }
  r405: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=SL123496171-112644
  }
  r406: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=SL123496171-112644
  }
  r407: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 16
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=SL123496180-112644
  }
  r408: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=SL123496189-112644
  }
  r409: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=SL123496189-112644
  }
  r41: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124098289&loc=d3e6787-107765
  }
  r410: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=SL123496189-112644
  }
  r411: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=d3e21463-112644
  }
  r412: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=d3e21475-112644
  }
  r413: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=d3e21506-112644
  }
  r414: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=d3e21521-112644
  }
  r415: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123467817&loc=d3e21538-112644
  }
  r416: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.3-04)
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120397183&loc=d3e187085-122770
  }
  r417: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405813&loc=d3e23239-112655
  }
  r418: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23285-112656
  }
  r419: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23309-112656
  }
  r42: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124098289&loc=d3e6801-107765
  }
  r420: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6405834&loc=d3e23315-112656
  }
  r421: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 505
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2208762
  }
  r422: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351226&loc=SL49130554-203045
  }
  r423: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351226&loc=SL49130561-203045
  }
  r424: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351226&loc=SL49130563-203045
  }
  r425: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351226&loc=SL49130563-203045
  }
  r426: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 19
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351226&loc=SL49130564-203045
  }
  r427: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351226&loc=SL49130566-203045
  }
  r428: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351226&loc=SL49130566-203045
  }
  r429: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351226&loc=SL49130566-203045
  }
  r43: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124098289&loc=d3e6911-107765
  }
  r430: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351226&loc=SL49130566-203045
  }
  r431: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351226&loc=SL49130543-203045
  }
  r432: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123351226&loc=SL49130545-203045
  }
  r433: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 91
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123410239&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  }
  r434: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 91
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123410239&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  }
  r435: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 91
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123410239&loc=SL49130690-203046-203046
  }
  r436: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123338486&loc=SL49131195-203048
  }
  r437: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 606
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=49130388
  }
  r438: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 710
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6409950&loc=d3e20396-108366
  }
  r439: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 710
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2127225
  }
  r44: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124098289&loc=d3e6935-107765
  }
  r440: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)(i)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r441: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)(ii)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r442: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)(iii)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r443: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)(iv)(01)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r444: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)(iv)(02)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r445: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)(iv)(02)(A)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r446: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)(iv)(02)(B)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r447: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)(iv)(02)(C)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r448: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)(iv)(03)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r449: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (l)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r45: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124098289&loc=d3e7018-107765
  }
  r450: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (n)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r451: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (o)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r452: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (p)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r453: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (q)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r454: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (r)(1)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r455: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (r)(2)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123447040&loc=d3e1928-114920
  }
  r456: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123450688&loc=d3e4179-114921
  }
  r457: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=21916913&loc=d3e273930-122802
  }
  r458: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 60
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6414203&loc=d3e39689-114964
  }
  r459: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 70
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=49170846&loc=d3e28014-114942
  }
  r46: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6361739&loc=d3e7789-107766
  }
  r460: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 80
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877416&loc=SL14450702-114947
  }
  r461: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 80
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877416&loc=SL14450657-114947
  }
  r462: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 80
   Subparagraph: (f)(3)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877416&loc=SL14450657-114947
  }
  r463: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 80
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=65877416&loc=SL14450673-114947
  }
  r464: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 80
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=35742348&loc=SL14450788-114948
  }
  r465: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 715
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2235017
  }
  r466: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 35
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123468992&loc=d3e4534-113899
  }
  r467: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5047-113901
  }
  r468: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5047-113901
  }
  r469: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5047-113901
  }
  r47: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(1))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r470: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5047-113901
  }
  r471: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r472: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a),(g)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r473: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b),(f)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r474: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(i)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r475: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(ii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r476: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r477: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r478: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)(iv)(3)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r479: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(i)-(ii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r48: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(13))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r480: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r481: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r482: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)(iii)(3)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r483: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r484: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r485: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r486: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(i)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r487: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(ii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r488: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(iii)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r489: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)(iv)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r49: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(19))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r490: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (g)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r491: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (h)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r492: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (h)(1)(i)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r493: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (i)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r494: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120381028&loc=d3e5070-113901
  }
  r495: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  }
  r496: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  }
  r497: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  }
  r498: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  }
  r499: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  }
  r5: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222160&loc=d3e1107-107759
  }
  r50: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(20))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r500: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(1)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  }
  r501: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  }
  r502: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (g)(2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121322162&loc=SL121327923-165333
  }
  r503: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 14.D.2)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122041274&loc=d3e301413-122809
  }
  r504: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 14.F)
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122041274&loc=d3e301413-122809
  }
  r505: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122142933&loc=d3e11149-113907
  }
  r506: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122142933&loc=d3e11178-113907
  }
  r507: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 718
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2228938
  }
  r508: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 35
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 720
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420018&loc=d3e36677-107848
  }
  r509: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 35
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 720
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420018&loc=d3e36677-107848
  }
  r51: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(22))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r510: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 730
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6420194&loc=d3e21568-108373
  }
  r511: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123452999&loc=d3e28200-109314
  }
  r512: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123427490&loc=SL37586934-109318
  }
  r513: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123427490&loc=d3e32059-109318
  }
  r514: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123427490&loc=d3e32247-109318
  }
  r515: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123427490&loc=d3e32280-109318
  }
  r516: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123427490&loc=d3e31917-109318
  }
  r517: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123427490&loc=d3e31931-109318
  }
  r518: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32672-109319
  }
  r519: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32687-109319
  }
  r52: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(28))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r520: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32705-109319
  }
  r521: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32718-109319
  }
  r522: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32718-109319
  }
  r523: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=SL6600010-109319
  }
  r524: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=SL6600010-109319
  }
  r525: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(2)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=SL6600010-109319
  }
  r526: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(4)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=SL6600010-109319
  }
  r527: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=SL6600010-109319
  }
  r528: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=SL6600010-109319
  }
  r529: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32809-109319
  }
  r53: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(29))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r530: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 19
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32840-109319
  }
  r531: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32537-109319
  }
  r532: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32537-109319
  }
  r533: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32847-109319
  }
  r534: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 21
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32857-109319
  }
  r535: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32559-109319
  }
  r536: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32559-109319
  }
  r537: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32621-109319
  }
  r538: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32632-109319
  }
  r539: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32639-109319
  }
  r54: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(3))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r540: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32639-109319
  }
  r541: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121826272&loc=d3e32639-109319
  }
  r542: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 217
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124434304&loc=d3e36027-109320
  }
  r543: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123459177&loc=SL121830611-158277
  }
  r544: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123459177&loc=SL121830611-158277
  }
  r545: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)(2)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123459177&loc=SL121830611-158277
  }
  r546: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)(3)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123459177&loc=SL121830611-158277
  }
  r547: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 6.I.5.Q1)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122134291&loc=d3e330036-122817
  }
  r548: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB TOPIC 6.I.7)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122134291&loc=d3e330036-122817
  }
  r549: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 6.I.7)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122134291&loc=d3e330036-122817
  }
  r55: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(1))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r550: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 6.I.Fact.1)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122134291&loc=d3e330036-122817
  }
  r551: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 6.I.Fact.2)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122134291&loc=d3e330036-122817
  }
  r552: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 6.I.Fact.3)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122134291&loc=d3e330036-122817
  }
  r553: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 6.I.Fact.4)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122134291&loc=d3e330036-122817
  }
  r554: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 11.C)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122134291&loc=d3e330215-122817
  }
  r555: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.EE.Q2(f))
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122134291&loc=SL116722634-122817
  }
  r556: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123586238&loc=d3e39076-109324
  }
  r557: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123586238&loc=d3e38679-109324
  }
  r558: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123586238&loc=d3e38679-109324
  }
  r559: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123586238&loc=d3e38679-109324
  }
  r56: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(3))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r560: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 270
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6424409&loc=d3e44925-109338
  }
  r561: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6424122&loc=d3e41874-109331
  }
  r562: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6424122&loc=d3e41874-109331
  }
  r563: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 740
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2144680
  }
  r564: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=79982066&loc=d3e1392-128463
  }
  r565: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=79982066&loc=d3e1486-128463
  }
  r566: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 805
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123410050&loc=d3e5263-128473
  }
  r567: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 18
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123454820&loc=SL4613673-111683
  }
  r568: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 19
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123454820&loc=SL4569616-111683
  }
  r569: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123454820&loc=SL4569643-111683
  }
  r57: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30)(a)(4))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r570: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116870748&loc=SL6758485-165988
  }
  r571: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 25
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116870748&loc=SL6758485-165988
  }
  r572: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(3)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  }
  r573: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c),(3)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4573702-111684
  }
  r574: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109239629&loc=SL4582445-111684
  }
  r575: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (bb)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123419778&loc=d3e5710-111685
  }
  r576: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123419778&loc=d3e5710-111685
  }
  r577: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 5.E)
   Topic: 810
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398118&loc=d3e355146-122828
  }
  r578: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5579240-113959
  }
  r579: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5579245-113959
  }
  r58: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(30))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r580: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5579245-113959
  }
  r581: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5580258-113959
  }
  r582: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)(ii)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=d3e41620-113959
  }
  r583: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)(iii)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=d3e41620-113959
  }
  r584: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=d3e41620-113959
  }
  r585: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=d3e41638-113959
  }
  r586: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5618551-113959
  }
  r587: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5618551-113959
  }
  r588: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)(2)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5618551-113959
  }
  r589: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5618551-113959
  }
  r59: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(31))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r590: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a),(c)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5624163-113959
  }
  r591: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5624163-113959
  }
  r592: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5624163-113959
  }
  r593: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5624163-113959
  }
  r594: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4C
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5624171-113959
  }
  r595: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4C
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5624171-113959
  }
  r596: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4C
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (bb)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5624171-113959
  }
  r597: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4C
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5624171-113959
  }
  r598: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4C
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5624171-113959
  }
  r599: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4C
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5624171-113959
  }
  r6: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222160&loc=SL51721533-107759
  }
  r60: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(32))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r600: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4CC
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL109998890-113959
  }
  r601: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4CCC
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL109998896-113959
  }
  r602: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4CCC
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL109998896-113959
  }
  r603: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4D
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5624177-113959
  }
  r604: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4D
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5624177-113959
  }
  r605: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4D
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5624177-113959
  }
  r606: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4E
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=SL5624181-113959
  }
  r607: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=d3e41641-113959
  }
  r608: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=d3e41675-113959
  }
  r609: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125515794&loc=d3e41678-113959
  }
  r61: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(4)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r610: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 182
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123421605&loc=SL5629052-113961
  }
  r611: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121577181&loc=SL110061190-113977
  }
  r612: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121549185&loc=d3e80784-113994
  }
  r613: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123477628&loc=d3e90205-114008
  }
  r614: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123482062&loc=SL123482106-238011
  }
  r615: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (a)(2)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123482062&loc=SL123482106-238011
  }
  r616: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (a)(3)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123482062&loc=SL123482106-238011
  }
  r617: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (b)(1)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123482062&loc=SL123482106-238011
  }
  r618: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (b)(2)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123482062&loc=SL123482106-238011
  }
  r619: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123482062&loc=SL123482106-238011
  }
  r62: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r620: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123482062&loc=SL123482106-238011
  }
  r621: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (e)(2)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123482062&loc=SL123482106-238011
  }
  r622: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (e)(3)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123482062&loc=SL123482106-238011
  }
  r623: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (e)(4)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123482062&loc=SL123482106-238011
  }
  r624: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123482062&loc=SL123482106-238011
  }
  r625: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 815
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2229140
  }
  r626: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123874694&loc=d3e19207-110258
  }
  r627: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123874694&loc=d3e19207-110258
  }
  r628: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (bb)
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123874694&loc=d3e19207-110258
  }
  r629: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123874694&loc=d3e19207-110258
  }
  r63: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r630: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123874694&loc=d3e19279-110258
  }
  r631: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 60
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 820
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=7493716&loc=d3e21868-110260
  }
  r632: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123594786&loc=SL75136599-209740
  }
  r633: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123594938&loc=d3e13279-108611
  }
  r634: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123594938&loc=d3e13433-108611
  }
  r635: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123594938&loc=d3e13531-108611
  }
  r636: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 21
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123594938&loc=d3e13537-108611
  }
  r637: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 21
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123594938&loc=d3e13537-108611
  }
  r638: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (f)
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123596393&loc=d3e14064-108612
  }
  r639: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123597120&loc=SL75039408-165497
  }
  r64: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02(6)(c))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r640: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123597120&loc=SL120254526-165497
  }
  r641: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123597120&loc=SL120254526-165497
  }
  r642: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123597120&loc=SL121967933-165497
  }
  r643: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123597120&loc=SL121967933-165497
  }
  r644: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123597120&loc=SL121967933-165497
  }
  r645: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123597120&loc=SL121967933-165497
  }
  r646: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123597120&loc=SL122642865-165497
  }
  r647: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 825
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123597120&loc=SL122642865-165497
  }
  r648: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 9
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120253306&loc=d3e28129-110885
  }
  r649: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 35
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123602790&loc=d3e30304-110892
  }
  r65: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.1)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r650: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=125521441&loc=d3e30755-110894
  }
  r651: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 230
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123444420&loc=d3e33268-110906
  }
  r652: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 40
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116633155&loc=d3e31531-110899
  }
  r653: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32022-110900
  }
  r654: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 17
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32136-110900
  }
  r655: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900
  }
  r656: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900
  }
  r657: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900
  }
  r658: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900
  }
  r659: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32211-110900
  }
  r66: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.12)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r660: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 21
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=118261656&loc=d3e32262-110900
  }
  r661: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450520&loc=d3e32583-110901
  }
  r662: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450520&loc=d3e32618-110901
  }
  r663: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 830
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2175825
  }
  r664: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6450988&loc=d3e26243-108391
  }
  r665: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124435984&loc=d3e28541-108399
  }
  r666: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124435984&loc=d3e28551-108399
  }
  r667: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124435984&loc=d3e28555-108399
  }
  r668: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124429444&loc=SL124452920-239629
  }
  r669: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 835
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=114775985&loc=d3e28878-108400
  }
  r67: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.13(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r670: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123341672&loc=SL77916155-209984
  }
  r671: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123399704&loc=SL77918425-209957
  }
  r672: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123399704&loc=SL77918431-209957
  }
  r673: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123391704&loc=SL77918627-209977
  }
  r674: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123391704&loc=SL77918627-209977
  }
  r675: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123391704&loc=SL77918631-209977
  }
  r676: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123391704&loc=SL77918638-209977
  }
  r677: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123391704&loc=SL77918643-209977
  }
  r678: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123391704&loc=SL77918643-209977
  }
  r679: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123391704&loc=SL77918643-209977
  }
  r68: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.14)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r680: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123408670&loc=SL77918666-209980
  }
  r681: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123408670&loc=SL77918673-209980
  }
  r682: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123408670&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r683: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123408670&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r684: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123408670&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r685: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123408670&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r686: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (g)(1)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123408670&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r687: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (g)(2)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123408670&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r688: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (g)(3)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123408670&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r689: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (g)(4)
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123408670&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r69: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.17)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r690: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123408670&loc=SL77918686-209980
  }
  r691: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123408670&loc=SL77918701-209980
  }
  r692: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 53
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123414884&loc=SL77918982-209971
  }
  r693: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 842
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/subtopic&trid=77888251
  }
  r694: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 848
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=122150657&loc=SL122150809-237846
  }
  r695: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864
  }
  r696: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864
  }
  r697: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864
  }
  r698: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864
  }
  r699: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39549-107864
  }
  r7: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222160&loc=SL51721494-107759
  }
  r70: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r700: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39599-107864
  }
  r701: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39603-107864
  }
  r702: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6457730&loc=d3e39691-107864
  }
  r703: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Publisher: FASB
   Topic: 850
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/topic&trid=2122745
  }
  r704: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 852
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124433192&loc=SL2890621-112765
  }
  r705: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 852
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124433192&loc=SL2890621-112765
  }
  r706: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 852
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=84165509&loc=d3e56426-112766
  }
  r707: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 855
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6842918&loc=SL6314017-165662
  }
  r708: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 855
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6842918&loc=SL6314020-165662
  }
  r709: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109221007&loc=SL6226446-111709
  }
  r71: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19(b),22(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r710: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (bb)(1)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719
  }
  r711: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (bb)(2)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719
  }
  r712: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (bb)(3)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719
  }
  r713: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719
  }
  r714: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719
  }
  r715: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)(3)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719
  }
  r716: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107207-111719
  }
  r717: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107314-111719
  }
  r718: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)(1)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107314-111719
  }
  r719: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)(2)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107314-111719
  }
  r72: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19,20)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r720: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)(3)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=d3e107314-111719
  }
  r721: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4D
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=121570589&loc=SL51823488-111719
  }
  r722: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 30
   Topic: 860
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109249708&loc=d3e113105-111724
  }
  r723: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 910
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123353855&loc=SL119991595-234733
  }
  r724: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 330
   Topic: 912
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6471895&loc=d3e55923-109411
  }
  r725: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 25
   SubTopic: 730
   Topic: 912
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6472174&loc=d3e58812-109433
  }
  r726: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SAB Topic 11.L)
   Topic: 924
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6472922&loc=d3e499488-122856
  }
  r727: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 5
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 926
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120154696&loc=d3e54445-107959
  }
  r728: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 926
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120154821&loc=SL120154904-197079
  }
  r729: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 926
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120154821&loc=SL120154904-197079
  }
  r73: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.19-26)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r730: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 926
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120154821&loc=SL120154904-197079
  }
  r731: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123377692&loc=d3e61929-109447
  }
  r732: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 15
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123377692&loc=d3e61929-109447
  }
  r733: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123377692&loc=d3e62059-109447
  }
  r734: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 20
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123377692&loc=d3e62059-109447
  }
  r735: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123377692&loc=d3e62395-109447
  }
  r736: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 28
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123377692&loc=d3e62395-109447
  }
  r737: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 33
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123377692&loc=d3e62479-109447
  }
  r738: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 33
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123377692&loc=d3e62479-109447
  }
  r739: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 35A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123377692&loc=SL6807758-109447
  }
  r74: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.20)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r740: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 35A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123377692&loc=SL6807758-109447
  }
  r741: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (c)(1)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123377692&loc=d3e61872-109447
  }
  r742: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 8
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 235
   Subparagraph: (c)(2)
   Topic: 932
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123377692&loc=d3e61872-109447
  }
  r743: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(10)(1))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r744: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(11))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r745: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(13))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r746: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(16))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r747: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03(23))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r748: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-03.17)
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120398452&loc=d3e534808-122878
  }
  r749: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(19))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r75: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.21)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r750: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(13)(f))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r751: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(20))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r752: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(22))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r753: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(23))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r754: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(26))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r755: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04(27))
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r756: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.9-04.9)
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120399700&loc=SL114874048-224260
  }
  r757: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 470
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123599511&loc=d3e64711-112823
  }
  r758: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 740
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6479915&loc=d3e66715-112838
  }
  r759: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 825
   Topic: 942
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123345438&loc=d3e61044-112788
  }
  r76: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.22)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r760: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(16))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r761: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(12))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r762: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(16))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r763: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(23)(a)(3))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r764: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(23)(a)(4))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r765: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03(a)(25))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r766: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 210
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-03.(a),19)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400017&loc=d3e572229-122910
  }
  r767: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(10))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r768: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(11))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r769: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(12))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r77: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.24)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r770: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(18))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r771: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(19))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r772: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(22))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r773: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(23))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r774: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.7-04(9))
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120400993&loc=SL114874131-224263
  }
  r775: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 4H
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 40
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=116884468&loc=SL65671331-158438
  }
  r776: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124506351&loc=SL117782755-158439
  }
  r777: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13H
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124504033&loc=SL117783719-158441
  }
  r778: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13H
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124504033&loc=SL117783719-158441
  }
  r779: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 13H
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124504033&loc=SL117783719-158441
  }
  r78: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.25)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r780: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 29F
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 40
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124504033&loc=SL117819544-158441
  }
  r781: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124501264&loc=SL117420844-207641
  }
  r782: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124501264&loc=SL117420844-207641
  }
  r783: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (e)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124501264&loc=SL117420844-207641
  }
  r784: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (f)(1)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124501264&loc=SL117420844-207641
  }
  r785: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (f)(2)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124501264&loc=SL117420844-207641
  }
  r786: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (g)(1)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124501264&loc=SL117420844-207641
  }
  r787: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (g)(2)(i)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124501264&loc=SL117420844-207641
  }
  r788: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (g)(2)(ii)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124501264&loc=SL117420844-207641
  }
  r789: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (g)(2)(iii)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124501264&loc=SL117420844-207641
  }
  r79: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.29,30)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r790: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (g)(2)(iv)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124501264&loc=SL117420844-207641
  }
  r791: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (h)(1)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124501264&loc=SL117420844-207641
  }
  r792: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 40
   Subparagraph: (h)(2)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124501264&loc=SL117420844-207641
  }
  r793: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 740
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6487024&loc=d3e29054-158556
  }
  r794: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 825
   Topic: 944
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123600520&loc=SL75241803-196195
  }
  r795: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (k)
   Topic: 946
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124433917&loc=SL114874205-224268
  }
  r796: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 220
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.6-07.2(a),(b),(c),(d))
   Topic: 946
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120401555&loc=SL114874292-224272
  }
  r797: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 310
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-29(Footnote 4))
   Topic: 948
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402547&loc=d3e617274-123014
  }
  r798: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 310
   Topic: 954
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123364037&loc=d3e3115-115594
  }
  r799: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 440
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 954
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6491277&loc=d3e6429-115629
  }
  r8: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1B
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222160&loc=SL51721494-107759
  }
  r80: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.29-31)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r800: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 360
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 958
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120429125&loc=d3e99779-112916
  }
  r801: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 6
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 360
   Topic: 958
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120429125&loc=d3e99893-112916
  }
  r802: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 360
   Topic: 958
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120429125&loc=SL120174063-112916
  }
  r803: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 360
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Column B))
   Topic: 970
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  }
  r804: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 360
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Column C))
   Topic: 970
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  }
  r805: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 360
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Column D))
   Topic: 970
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  }
  r806: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 360
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Column E))
   Topic: 970
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  }
  r807: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 360
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Column F))
   Topic: 970
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  }
  r808: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 360
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Column G))
   Topic: 970
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  }
  r809: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 360
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Column H))
   Topic: 970
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  }
  r81: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(1))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r810: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 360
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Column I))
   Topic: 970
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  }
  r811: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 360
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Footnote 2))
   Topic: 970
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  }
  r812: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 360
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.12-28(Footnote 4))
   Topic: 970
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120402810&loc=d3e638233-123024
  }
  r813: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 310
   Subparagraph: (c)
   Topic: 976
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6497875&loc=d3e22274-108663
  }
  r814: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 310
   Subparagraph: (b)
   Topic: 978
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=123360121&loc=d3e27327-108691
  }
  r815: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 985
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=6501960&loc=d3e128462-111756
  }
  r816: {
   Name: Exchange Act
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: b
  }
  r817: {
   Name: Exchange Act
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: b-23
  }
  r818: {
   Name: Exchange Act
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: d1-1
  }
  r819: {
   Name: Form 10-K
   Number: 249
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 310
  }
  r82: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(3),(4))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r820: {
   Name: Form 20-F
   Number: 249
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 220
   Subsection: f
  }
  r821: {
   Name: Form 40-F
   Number: 249
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 240
   Subsection: f
  }
  r822: {
   Name: Forms 10-K, 10-Q, 20-F
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 13
   Subsection: a-1
  }
  r823: {
   Name: Regulation 12B
   Number: 240
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 12
   Subsection: b-2
  }
  r824: {
   Name: Regulation S-T
   Number: 232
   Publisher: SEC
   Section: 405
  }
  r825: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 848
  }
  r826: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(1)
   Topic: 848
  }
  r827: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(2)
   Topic: 848
  }
  r828: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(3)(iii)(01)
   Topic: 848
  }
  r829: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 2
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 65
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)(3)(iii)(03)
   Topic: 848
  }
  r83: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(a))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r84: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.6(b))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r85: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX 210.5-02.9)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r86: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: S99
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (SX210.5-02(13))
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=120391452&loc=d3e13212-122682
  }
  r87: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 3
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 50
   SubTopic: 20
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=51824906&loc=SL20225862-175312
  }
  r88: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 22
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393222&loc=SL20226052-175313
  }
  r89: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 7
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 55
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 210
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=99393222&loc=SL20226000-175313
  }
  r9: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 1D
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 20
   Topic: 205
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=109222160&loc=SL51721503-107759
  }
  r90: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124509347&loc=SL7669646-108580
  }
  r91: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a),(b),(c)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124509347&loc=SL7669646-108580
  }
  r92: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (a-c)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124509347&loc=SL7669646-108580
  }
  r93: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (d)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124509347&loc=SL7669646-108580
  }
  r94: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Subparagraph: (dd)
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124509347&loc=SL7669646-108580
  }
  r95: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 10A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124509347&loc=SL7669646-108580
  }
  r96: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 11
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124509347&loc=d3e637-108580
  }
  r97: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 12
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124509347&loc=d3e640-108580
  }
  r98: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124509347&loc=d3e681-108580
  }
  r99: {
   Name: Accounting Standards Codification
   Paragraph: 14A
   Publisher: FASB
   Section: 45
   SubTopic: 10
   Topic: 220
   URI: http://asc.fasb.org/extlink&oid=124509347&loc=SL7669686-108580
  }
 }
 version: 2.1
}








begin 644 0000910406-21-000033-xbrl.zip

3 Y+6IW;VQF97-E





4WDY^'J5QFCW]



MR!R&FD?Y1

X\



M(;\F\(IT[C'[S@M+=69(D699 *N.M*=*F#JFB9O$!HC


 N
M4
Y( 9J!Z/XQFL*#L

M$2E)-5'EG#=Y[+R4U5'Q6 .D5A&0+MC^WKZ:PK@)$#S8:X&G/09%@E[+'X^9
M(/)+;05(8L=P=:@_@YJ LL\+F _'!I=I%!KJ%Z;E$&@N_GW%7O@:DK10^N-(

M1MX5T5NBV6)C@*FR%
%!R*^]3*'VZY7TS6:=N#D\
X?E@4P#T)]7G!2.+]
C

I'
&:AX911-/947A*[5&1OT:2\RQ'6&2_^^$$O

('YYYTDC. P)=I5!1:-V[1





P5MDYTR'LA&=P



M/%0H#Z9C1Q@

M2% ;P@4WAM8]OD6TK@



^!_9/40*8\)$HMG.@EB


('..Z
E#B\;Q(%

MRW66%AZ6HZ9
? /O61=%3

3NA
(13

MC(PLCXQ





M.?
S\O6 .*! Z 9
Q(##1&9-V^BC1'B#VZ1$-]?ED6OVLJTMFJF*:-DM#K


H%B)-#BB/^*TF:N0;@%1I-IU 5H5D=:X(=A/?3B
MDE@?B0Y 2IPAE&0D1(P@VE!!L]S%!A()!W)-T<38:8$<A 3VYMRS.VU5(







N'8?4JNP4JSH5]6P?@K'J

*3D9/K+9TR\(0[GVXY=P\W!+I(GKT



#@W 

N$0JEB^E-9Z&LIUP M'^IMIV.-

MJ0UFR4#41Z&EB^&?QGX.4U2/]M 
(A/D2A(AU%F6%N(DJ8U^P7H^SOY:XEY/

M&



M-D*=7(;.K50YJ68(:\VK _N;006RJ6.H53#G$;V\8YBQ$\D?&(LED'\/IU

F%(*YJZ%K9*
<$W2@GZ*V*
MH#O<, 'YJ@BZ=D6BC1[T#@D49?%+M.T;\CU3_SVAN8#UC6J;U;Z[/%MB1*\


BJVK;
M7+J
Y:#

M( /(-R1'V-3ZX; 43@P*AED$NAKG3[TP]NESCDNQ!FH*_\TJ39=
VDXE0ED+


[EFCU

M=0';ZQVCYMPSZHN$DTA=;MC!51?&6I-]^P1O! :0C%N/%@E0+;-YN3B)8T9M
MQH@X0K[&0K@VN@0+=ZQL%.) _BA(\'C381$()P%I5Q?4RV-)AC7
AJ[4.4-Q

+YD3%5G(ZG=9:E,RZ!+L=
M!SD_-$OS1$[:]L V#.DM .+E\L];2J:X=(JI_H ERI)2%-/U!)2UP0^:+T


M# ?

M5]P %0EMKN^V2V!(LR(K&VEG4A1PZ9BEFE%
(B#%



B1<3P#+'(GX^G00VS9-



MPE:WD!8ITJ
V2Q


LASENOJ\


MO\34%V:/B]UXDXM1IJS9N@M%WV73Z#'IC$UV*_NX5\P5Y1PWQ4H%]E.)H]!S




MXH$MB
FRY?8RMB5D5C6J-924'Z-JR9(?8AP.F'3




8T;/R?J^
.5.1I

C2HU6VJ8U*OOWX37&8S\ 2^5'5H


SGJJ'

?2DUJ20$K27'



3T[<:4]=ELG^MQFJUM&H037V#';%,[VZ3@,^UN=!&K$LD=
MCT95ZJ*J=&JK95Q0^L0DFEJN2.\^PVH@G&!%COL$;:S!17-HRJ2]L640K
]

#7IJ
M\
[O#MYO][H^]R




M6%*OWYP/U'.8X
WSUYW!P#_Q$%;?]3L#6
=#&/^K!T +X_K]]GM/^?_VC]\

2!6[P5@$X \EGP!I!CX

&WOA8+GX2#.V@+ZU4'A3]]0/ G;Y_
MX#5#M]KT[\4]A[GRFG^V:(J[ C&(!'Z<
VX0^O



*$079\E0=
/JEL[?C E]^6,<T6DQ\


]\.'[L\^XN!E\MP$


5BZE&H\$R.


M]3@G!3X_6&]


MU/9V=@^J!_L![/8KE!Y4:&^W_[;?I_M[M1K[=]4ULNP.GYUC[%3 N\*(RV((





^
M?R(7?




M7+9RC
9)W*



MI'T+ND[%A$Y-X5FI6'_GFI@#%'. 9N'Y3TSB?$AV=9M?.]@$


M1*]H-M;!:
/\,H%S&RD20(4-R2T5 J:+?+_Y!0.-Q9(,;JR2I#,!L*03
M^?2,.'#%6:\-3-KM%CG'V&DT&ZL\/!N(+(CV^E5UKW*X94(ANO?13398C92V
MR:HRQ#@C0B'&R^ FOZ_+?[\+4!9$W4J4<9YS%6852H=SFLOJ@P83IE_8#R2
M!:&W$FL
M

U_[9



M)5JG6


M8$:



W7#2$&KXZ:

?.6&:[(X'['[]JY?9D
M*A

#-OXY5JO3QLP;]=X)O=@=\+-/9




?#U3B.
M!+OD

T!S

6

&K:9DQ\&D7[:2*0J0:;
M)#(+LHL^1BFC1$



.-PRZ
M$+$8XZA7- B&AI=H#4!+7&:A^F@$8'GVFBL7.I:3=Q2K2:.PFUQ#4!3B]@N
MCGGIQCP0=KC8P Z@QTHZ;F0E:6S
-00[21X2D-=_DF&(U.V3GV2NURKB32P


M$X
!










?\QZT1S\.]HR82HL/!7#IA6]KSCBZ3*PJK+'PYJ\,L,MD9XRYBGYN? ,
MQ#L7,9:RLTIE1F&ERM6LJ%0UP7F)F:^3<TF%27255ZMX<(%3#$YQ.8/1;%@%
M37<Y'59;,[T*/@2\N(R5+BBFX#?GLW$UW_=LUE_F]CLX)#8[%

M]G\%3D$7#+PQB*2HQ]$P\0D[4DPZ8T/-
Y_ZQ^

#%32^^KS@$&4
ME'(]1^

N4]Y/A2L6 _&=&#Z7 (9/
M+8D)9H%P





M5.-[:UR* -
N$
3)G%OR7U7N[F+-K1




WR
M)GZR3WMHYSNXWPT.5)(2V
Z57]A[WM*SYM[*43

A
 6]F&'\




08=@&.0$1%@, 85)'#@/\=RY ?@N$4K3JT(R GC[J*G&
M/ &2HOB4^^^9OC%1^6F?:


M2TBBT.$4]*2;-B4,_ 1ZGPAA=

MG1_&

#.3WUTKWU=?$GK)S6Z8/NW!(X\RY;U7WZ)Y2X[6N






M8/9Z*PB_YN/!LWLVN)O\$D952T


$%     @




ZW[;NRQ$Y1=&)T%K,^Z[MQH5&B4QPC99(G+G^6R_PUS*/2MR96M/?M45R
M-N7]*AK:=?#B<B%[.\$U6]@1JR

MI/7_Q25\

](PXXF0A9#$W %@L@1)

MP$KT0N
6-[M4F4-4?(H
:(YE1I1G+X*$59M#&$B0V$IW!13A1+&9&
JMV=







IIH=D-A'TFD-0UA



\+91ZL=5
MGM


MAS\&L_T?7A!/W_Y0)^.#'UZ
)V\'[W!K:_Z=N^/#X\G@]?[L!Z.
_N3@Y%8)

6:
M

M3T[]ZY

'4VW7B



MSF


^3_WF@*K((_\43D6

[






M$PGIP*2








&$L&
IX


J!I


<H!*T/#IO+S?XN5+\O+U R@HF,YN

.B]_*


MMJ;-*[@M


M$[XC


M#8!RF8]
_N9TW;P64\OLO[JN=
M@P<KM^<1/?'NWNO]?:'W]SV/0';WOW_:#9M3=MN$5/= ILDKO)1;U$FG:*W
MOK19RR?ZSVOG/UU



T_1/ WHB

!7

MV9^^WSZ\QZ/Q@1#6SUSVLDI]X1(_7;S[+UO3XA@M)$0#V6EQ8I0Y6'*6B2U_

MH



%ND2?Q @X
3#6T5<G;<PLCQ


TG;4O31^




&DD*N((]24 \N'UMY(6_)E6:^J+=E0P3FJC4TE6VY;
M.1-D5]AB@+QJ'*)B?T&U;U]:K JEH&;;



+#5V6H.
MA

MVZ:0)8]*=$)E]*4JQ+K





MRD=!]BI5I8T]$74DC1U%PL2&R1UD8^U[8FL4P;U_:W^%Q4(0+A_LD;88EB
MWDBCKMJMC7 Z7I-8HLBR1&P!3




M!;:Y]HCTWAV/BGQC
F^5]70P?7OG^ Z/ROX!3MXNX#H?][T)$C_EPH-WF(=+



$R4P-4!%+3U4;B;U\J(;7:




D01[/;(VJ+
M&X?M&I]#\YVC@5QU]%K..WWYZ.!P

!@='!^OH




U#-GXY;NGJ5N]IQ2TOJM^VR=3)@1F)W8%
0

OOD




MG
5O&*=BQJLBE7;$#37C1_I&A:=.)&(R6%D[PWX'3(GH+6AC*$I%GQ:=T/




K-S!(8X*/]MG;NN'RLMM;L:CEL%C.F=XPO/,I5+*(%NI^_

M@]F=H^E@Q-
K+S.IM[1=AJT4\PC%N!**$UZI4R03G

M'@YH+I-'(NQ/XM








MS/S?7\9#ND1;^Q75NR5X^/
;[+Z(V8^G?D\NE IH+(F7CQ9
S3G89&IP6(H$
M_74316TPNW)VMK2N@9PPPT%:VUF$XUA#1C8&].G4N6;R/]&[(E 6A(1L=B

W*NJD8DTF62

M2-KG$-9
G;H4VO(TS=I@4F&;R2.(BXH5LC. D4(V:3$OO4::]BV-T59%OUS(
MB3UI]!@@V(JLD:IWFK5K-0S73+^N7U3+TRH52K8AM1*2'I++*6I2+/$U:&+O

M=( L+(. '8J0%)--ZQ9!?4
?%3:Z93U]0'\$J4RE9KG/T(:/P/HCR
M7RCH
TG%R$09;':)UJF34-2A:
[7J0%;+TZO@BP^
M.EG5YM!=J@7MO


0 JXZ/1;')\Z^&=]<(015T8=$E6
M%RC61@


-2
M\


L(2HR!?KD!%='

U0):AV  8!VQ'WH8[1RFK0$_6V

MC!VF[*L$W]3Z1IB3;CSZM


MY;1KV'+A+H]3MZ3@BY+7EF





M!$S8IZS



U!-KBP)48/E*\-QVUB=8F#ZIPX-6?A+SI6%ABT5-EP%H72W$*
M

'S&
LAT6SXE)AS14YXV\D=?!\_O







MUU?HGQZ:RM_C
FAFY
5@MG^:QKZ.0D^50K2E*/ 5-*9L %M\02E#/MFC=B.%

M^5IVX46E4] Z1)
#9




M$TP(6A555U];5DDNR].7B-6BXZA:3[#J8Z:0G&A/D/\YJ-1_?7DPGO#@]:A?



T#NQ






#$:+

[01






'Y9\KKYZW&JPF(Z:J9%/1FM-U8;6
BO5++ PR9K@

F=7J;[B=#_R?IU!;-;7)H
R8GLW&Y6U/-MIZ
M-R\(26C(@&V;RK32$+*0:=



MW=

E4BY#OEE0=L.H$.HNOR\X ^\2M.W4?NAQU[]V6&295

M6#65HC(QH+*,YE4K,\]*-O5M2R6%Q,Y2SZFG!(6!@HVLB%750Q).PF58$'



M
QQO=,DE, L:K:5P#B='&LR(3N352F^QZ'9#4%%]S&:A23L HI[:$F+U&^
MM5!F5THMD^5F380ZJB^,GVVN564!E2LLA(.2@7/4DXI6O_%Q=O$H0Z6=HT


DU;)24G.7BLX/:V_S7FP.&Y67?6O9MWZ;7C.45*
)42(]1Q'%
M3)#93!NN.AB6.6VH@S$NUF)L!J@NJ93;EBNG
@:E^K I_&:CHOLPWQ=Q(I#)
M

M6?1ZL9E\ ;&M#=96+8?PDUFDYCXNUCHDU._IW5(UHXP*E4K0M(^IL#!HXGD
M%4?@#7Q6VE1=RPQ2)\TK)
8



$AU/)GB\$M-8'MI
MP


5I3


M+=

?2@H^ RI&5[(BT-7+$W920+LLHI(_


J6$N89B2DJ&0\@K/
W:+2+_


MY% 9$4)1V69MLT/Q0

+0@(E(L6^H(A5=!5




-PRG=N6X%(F1TR/!Y@'0Z$H']58

A3CT(;[Z
UF\V*1N



M* ;:%F 0P4RVV23LB$&']&YY'K #E;+HJX$6UC9U9_EX9:R5H5U16*1
NM
M28-B5@:C+\[W85?6*MC6#5JO!ZTE9*HUV.)#!:TQMLI
46GTF15'M?IHO0F^

'M(78063ND?E]RF6(

M7A2=:\\Y'LG;Z9\XT.EX[/#L-
G\P61\\#'$VYW\=H3#03T6#G=^ ]=Z]J^I

\DTB-=\$T)M$;SI:
MK=86V4*R)11 
8_


M\EI9DQV0A@)R943A65&Y6 6_QH8-R]H@N1\
1YM:$I94


MZ?

Z/ UZ?!\'8%
M9'*L58UI7]GH\VKHL\N.4C 9<9[_'-PL@FR<E:QBFDSS['1YPVG7MW9'=:N

MRKO1X8T.;SAUC_29#:ALE15&#89RC
%#T3677%3.=1
CKZ0^7\4FCHT_[F%


7%+

M^P;H/0%Z)]O M$O&!U!BOCT89Y.20$0K\B4$4@N@]X2Z=-(F;U7FT5:W3%9'

M5$

M'4W:G-=X.KL](OF

M)Y




M!@[!



M;@S:KAU@-V7^)61340NP8JI@=1$68H+.L3H5R+H^E(%M_.
DU7%W\HPG[P;E

9^.HLB/XJ.FOBL
MB:Y2=;J*^]
:0A^FKU9'@MU

4
TVDJ@VV+QEX70JNHT ]8@B)BR_*  45-<9<








MJ5HM!C1Z\*!53#IJTLZ XF2RZ4

MOX+R?K-?4B5Y1.I.=E/EV$[BF?B8V)D\Y]6K%$B$FV*U/PK?SUK[L!\-#A




M



M[K:ZG(.#8(#PM]JB;S=-\
.=1K/1:+:YM0;1E/58WN4$6%I-RVI:HM]H&)U6
M@_?ZICQL:#8


;H
[W(!?VE;;L7I&

5SZ
M3&7SDZ_NDMHEF[QC=47+:3FP=QO]?K?==!L=D\
^;C3-[C
5S4^_NH\OF7_W

MU^C_


MNC#V?HHW/7@%_78I7PLL^=;W J&'89B-W][BY.N.L$/IF+U) Y@R7@5#XJLR
M%#:


NV#_?W]XZ/]PX/EC@%\U93^
;C


4@P:0PV_YY8.^'%



[IZ/=G]]/_KK\OG-NG'[[VCK8

 _


M_*WR:I]'Y^PP$*]O&KD5)DDXHL&7YP(C3T@QJ^NM

M%X]]/GGC!30.NNGMA8@2/90Q(!G*N.IW]_LM9MH/R5@J6.?KPRK3;)M/H]

MWYCC*V;
XX5IHHP\Q_'%[3GD&SP=WQ#?5MO-



M3J/3[[0WWOV1!H)A&*PLM&L
5V/Z4W8;B_1IA
SM?.PPJBS1RA)=-4N4XN:4


W#S^4K5'0/+S;
M%V;=!LE6;PD!@JW?Z-7;G7[+@
\


)4P9



+*-5Z'M02QP% NS'%^;Y..M$JI+/E1\[__U3.-
M[MN8)<(7XV$8!90W+#&/(V'Q7@D.*R?(]ZP5X\HBM$<WX)7K:WP_97C[_/+







_ZJ[4_^NORPCG


MHM8V


*H4(OCQ8RS2^'[]?




B3Z;%?\GA6MM/-:@ZOP4X
'/;*E'.TA(#52*TS



M$J4'(Z1ER0@:H0/ B0* PRF^Q,F+D0T87OHDV-'E O!=GC)6C1E!#-GU$T



MXZV^[






_4%H6C4-/E1T]C9*(M8
MJ^
:S9YE.SW;:AF\RZV^T^D91KOK=MM&M_]C#X=MF$UC U2[8VX'_]W8ZJG
M=9.ZDY(%89XP:R0/2*;\X





+WOO =B],PH![T_IA
M-9NVZ+? GR'WQK ;(&MZ%FK==J,CS!XB;#$!0GB,[!*E8N/=$8;?5.HM6GF?
M.#C!V\(7P$!@:WT$13BN,:#V)EAY,E'W0KC*+R:

+RIQ@KK?)6-;09#
MK?M)$I

ME
]9IFNC$K\\KOZM3(%?[$W\6$40]T8S-HS-3O-V^



ML+W'R6N=1[-J11][1?? H6#&YAV6]!Y]*!_8
/QE ?* EN&OCN7VIJ'1V7BG


M-E^*U#$KH;/Z'-EM;+P[BL(QDEE44N;9K*GY4IRH9B5EUH CFQOO/HL!]_'0


ME6U989IH( [


M3:AS7B6(GLVJMXT7(HCZE2!:?98TL9W0-L'Z(K0LB1\PB?@@$DH@$:SPEH1[



8#3
%V*K&Q5RVUHP97_C72Z*L!^4.(J0O\
M%O@%29T*[60=F+)C;KQ3M4P3=G@9@/4S]
8$60VDQ[8#[T4@PSHUGY/5E'

M1BJ'GN6I8I
Y52CLV!X*)_4K??:
%OT%6=6W@CNI)-&RF;*[\2YK.LJ.T]&(

N/7FBE6XF7I+& T;L!I

H02B(W(-'


MD6 6CV&\%B\#5X78?C4$KXG7,Q6B.-T-%:I^(**[*X_@W6&#A)P(\P'F'S
M6
/IC\<^L,'TA_FJS'Q%$N-B]O-<2DR_0$J)F<\]
M5,W.G,L%UHG.?AZB)H<5R[X (:Z^0R'L!:DHLD7L =NC7+^)TK6JS$E]P
Q
MD)*M) AT+APU28[&0KXZ&:V!M$UE&84ZT]RO@!O@.ELA2K^+ZB+%TLO;&'
22@.!(I6*TPY%ZFIX[[MZ*PBOBJ.8/F<J-P5&8/@8-%REY+@4UV

M)C&=H$H.@*4M7ZM)N-N5HV;IF(: 8R?1E@TXVX^X\J3A0;2#%HCMR+
DK56_

38(!=@
@GX_J7='J%$

M2^2$[H2'I+A3P#+%MW



D:*@


M%#$*N]


6-8
M*7@9IQ&I1U)

 ';QP OJ23BF\\&W-YH43Q4*F#6)
M?G6J+_%LHOD@9Q/-ZFRB.IMX^K
)
T^!O_-APU



M83H&D178FS5P)G? 


: S0+Z?)2B0/R2B

.
M0\#QDVUDRKXY7!WC2N3'%F

96']*HVC' T;([@Z^'_QYO1V0:+&M+ 9B9(A


P]2;=/97]BDDVTCT%SNNV
MWBYI0Q!OS$A!$

!OCW*$T$&C11GS5Y Y--
!8JQT. KC'
M4:%Q'8Z[  




=#YOKA

X84]3E:@ 9N)N=J+G*1['@2ZVS
M(X&
LA6EQ'8.*V^G)VU+,FPNG3,\4*PC
-





MRG6WL)*P\AX5Z(NDUC/RD[1T&.R#ACNB!7R4\D&V63'B&;05*J%P[YA2A
M

++/0 P$I1]]58$ ;U'!=-W2=K!AT4181.A9!A2M^.0-Z.N \/@2^7Z$T
M3U,F!WI[GBQ!=:LE532'!HB-Y?LL!X1-2C6?$Q9CM!HH%MH'$J\8%TNK4H^

&(;




:U]B
*[DI=V /7G#_.2F[
MI=

M
QXU9&-+.E6VLN.H61<?%^6AKV/^!3DBR

$7
M

%$DE9F/6D4CU\?BZ

!1%*RI;




M=H';


N$K


I-U2W49Y)-:2!340&9_9_=GL51IA3 ?

M_S+&XV&G5EB($ .)QT*P WC\:L:9VW



(-
M*M@\DJWD
/O'!HP]0F0&)(TTG%D;8






UT;)@H)/&0:Q
M[)0LS5XWU)%$4MQ\1.D0A6



@#S U/9\
V%

O57\IB$1:$(%?!?@FA =/A.MM8D@W$! 3%!


&&O4


8

MC=GG\.^0
6;%YH0;Y[;DK&Q7G;6<J(


M^S?VR4
<&X:7


U

CSZZI

%2D%J_6$\O
M7BILX!&



7

K%
M$2X'A@XRE[%H

MKM2O2+V(U%]$XBG$EF.%-$15 D(V7




)V$JK&




M; B##:SG@(%YILY+/+E?84-:*.
0'C*H
0NS(6M955J-16'H66&LB[ \E%V;


K\?1Q-PTG&/.Z1JRN'3F. [!+0YIIR3L0@Q$CG
HSW7%



M,I?DQV0ZC*%U**6% .QFH;84C%M7\4I-EW HH)F
%'&'0_%$8.K6
M!-LT35Y3P-7Q5&LH.PS/=1:SG<*3,<LK]'S\2D0]JS%$6[4YD& I2EX[.FC
M/(A$/(3GQV*

2


MSN#M=-?)X.WTYQJ\7?


M?7?]T;4:0FT=7*$?EGY)XNB/!M3 )C*)-#HF+JH3[62*J8%7 HJA[3K+$(




;V7L-AR:KMI# L-



('H%O
MEXT %2$]

M;YR7+JYWT.-:+OTFL$59MG!E%9ZO&H)ZC&1ZD4ZFF*:;:I%IM0#A

M;*V40=

S
MN*5F*&WM=5$

39!YJ#F\%$*;8Z
N!$S[][^
M3N-MCII6.G5@K_A(]GLGUS%

M@_F\7IP25V[^B^*KT#&W7:[AR196S53K =1A&!OT^3@6;_0/;[&IH
\G;SRJ



MH[DQ573WIL$
JJ73S\LN-5L;4SM5[76XGE% FVGIJI]ECJ_P:;-;?WKWCCP\
M'GOZ)'0RK3Y(P7J*N'V[F5Q%(
I
V#T$_3K3Y$/!N.ZT0YU3HM)\XMQJQB^.

M@1;_\WCS+\Z;&H:LU
2-FM%HU0RS)XW^1R







M%






MC
MW4V
9]^ $NV.A4TH3ZDE88V]Y]9$IBC@9CGB&

MXIQ]#)W*/;F/:TWDDYM0-;S
&T
^7X;*]\^B/J^R?XML[3K5\U7U%:4VG5&$
MV47X-(QSUO(?V3A
;=E&F4*]Q2:@U[:



M6ATH?P(;8G()?%H1]AZ$115U3POS)?9B[)6I4?5BK'HQKE!


M%DG/H#H

TI[*-J2/#R0I8FG@^4QM[GD5
?
M\RB99#6/E\-P7NF@5
+][',K#1&66M([RR4_V$G8_467GI/3DCJ9GX2-6P

 :=
MD8/M62NGZU[F%JBMR!L@E853C

S&
FI0K(/


M;R\_#7R=:;@P@WGERH@6GA;
1Y@L=:);C#Y/M.\)\+DGV P.^%HP036);:[
M5PJ/JSG5*+X[:R5(]W?L@[ZOXUZ3T4@*0[K@T!6L!1X3#A3!$HXL#Z/
Q!0




M\9#

M0


?TTUBFCEV$$WZE(UUU2A*]EE-H+L%Q809E3 RG?YY*
M'*;^*LD0ZV#S%B[EC.%UC%=?CD


O'64UU'
Q!*9J^TMOJG32
M?0^(YF3DC\(XT6(+)$]64)#O6;U.A3Y+MQ!PNVD$QMB:=]5Y. % U%AK6MR(


?


M.VF5F&#N@M8*.-\1=7L!%JBQD$O#&OPS/Y$+46G2AUD&3=\:T5NV+DWUNCC@
M@R.


M2P!+FV\N-8%@_DQ30LS0

3V??UG@C+W WG%R&NH=[




MCI($


0C)7
MDU.-MA1EW!M1WBFV_L=ATR:DN)+VCU$P^[
MGHY#+TBT?O

 B+@C]$&C&HQ#H;580Y*!#!B%$IGS1%Z]Z(+2V9I-

KPXG/;' LU+$
M3L-0"G&QVJHLG1FVKYQL3'
(VEJ6:EGJ^0I!B_Y)&@A%1*._TG]9()(M+B

$J64)!\EIQWDVE$X'


9V.9<!);%U%


8



*C#E:Z7J&.IGU+P@J^:Z!J1F D0T1J8)T8M$^;R,@&^@=,&J*@-P\;
MY4$\@^YBS^I' !\S)'25WL@_CQBTIB=* CW+T+I;%S)'5@9/QSC1GR^P8^]



!$6D^0XZN
M!0Q@!(-.).HZ_&.?8T^#
'*0%KP(G#T6:HF8NB)



+AHV7!&!42U[
M=DE&TRY*(NQA@


0AG17@
4RISM;

*EAQO/ML4X48\IBGZY00G)C?@+QD5GVFR:C+


7)Y]DOS(HP2M-W6C-TZ61%-4;&9GB;7@
M;TOD
EH81]EX]SY



?7B/S_!TU0+BH3CJH8D#]- HQ(



O%%L


M9C;K3;GUH]I2+9UE=LE89T8K0-TN;CPS'RS\;667/:9F.K1$= D65XUMI0A2
M-9N[(@_VUU? +OU(OQ(:#Y#MDZ
F%)H;Z?8XA
AV3H !^





X

!=NOD
M?DVA2$K8I0P])L-U2^


M\OPV2@*5F*P9+-5-&)_;0 &(C0LBPA$#77%S:964X21)K9IP!H\#+QG(0
MM#+P&W&]PK)3P_1RR*!I[*P)P=P@JR0!5F7&OA&07XA#AG!!)4@C0C/!E=1




_2G0\SE/OVU5






MQ






5@)J

H:&.B-$21X629LI@Q15)%(KOE-*;=YP!TNSP%W4\P:@J6!



M#)6]0KW#$J(NTDPW@

F[457I
M=9$MS/1 J*F:K
95YU'YO/

M?W





AK[/'0$1%RA2/;1,3XD=(?

N
'







PA \TPCM

N0-E

IZX(E&=5/369+=H+@%A5$V)I(AO+N*


H+A\9-
M L30L@41CMBH[8?+3[7VY\T?96&%





YPS$:<*G)
(
MB#.F.9G\G$7+8#!J
\RE'M@9I*[U10
GQ30#C19'
B$$55J@'33?F'TX6$CE
@#'9]!
M,\VU3!?,306#T9YQ2*\ YNGE)W!W0;'_!Y7NN1Y==8$Z$+T*L=UX.IPY43^?
M7UP8ZY5F;

LL*N HG]M\'IKK0P8?D B!PE-TUS.$
M]J8AMJJU16^&)XWX-


M6M$-R0X*BO5PUKD]R19#ZBBBO-*6546,8_):WGY:SH[^'8HG_;YC-H(KH9
M+6C-924R2)1LS\Q4MG(&M@X9D=+APO8Y8M
1#6/43Q0+YI%YP148Y*B
=K%4





(LP


M984R%V!6*\

?$8O5%8G@M6C0XSQ@GH

M
;?.



^^SN%I)^NP-A*]49U

Y-5Q$A!56:XO:$,[J2.C 9L;@J

M(=!

B8

Y+0_G(Z.- Z!Y

X
MV&2LU%TQ.NJ[Z)F2I$.;*
/!\AAHTC/G

%

G8QIDJQ;% S88C4!ZJHCL)7)FPJ!0[%(A











MID*V,@@WP-VFPJ"&*M\M]PFI-$T8%V0TPW+!CM2!)_PH1 U/BD9HP6=/M

[.:$J+B2X] 3!GI;U

+^CC7*4S3*)@S82*ZF@$


9%+%



M84(KUV#8&7WA&



MLID4U-G06=
@S#

M[BU]$WIF[UUJB##H(N\HR!G^
F[DDJG
K0YLK^C4OUO@/SM'W?:A
4HVDNH5
MBHG'15[-'+:SKVW9E_8T\T(7?[NWX\XR53E)9D:BIA3CFE @F/+?B&\)1(I-

&0Q%LJN)59&8W]\:^6KE#=A.SBGI;*1%#%3^3;A

M?$1*64N\#2#;2]1P_J\LV*SHXHZSL1A/8_!G#AGHO@GOD?%VR(48 FE]@5
MNF&HCKF:-$G %K6D%Y-XI#AY@[@]$O[(J@)%9)9BBL647J8


M!Q-VA!!VB#QV1&'FFGU=19+@+2 
%#
.FFJ \P$70[B
E.%H ==@5@F[4
M#2T VQ;UI69%!X8VZ!5I#



 R=4/0V^U+V]&H3*



M'GB$5'.49.$67

_=(M.6QN5@[5.G\3T9T

4J_#\NBE/
MX&_KW#.8RE2!


!0


MFZB-I%/=L.2D)

+


.%P-D




MXHD.*W(P9^0P&+-09\C!](?[K22ODG!P=BI+9[=EFF9T([ZMBX+U* LM!V

&N10U&MT@S??3&9 HEF'@%BC)@K!?NP*O

(HQ8$A 1/$L
L











MW*JLD18X\H9UKQL5
Z%UPK/FDAUA-=1+;9N@97E5)_EOJ;6JIYDYL5[L_
BK



C22@


-NPHECC&[H8KJ.8
M^F#(LJ7;*:D:$5VA,3/A_(ZJTS.&EIA/&J*H



HW^B81M7*S#D
(
@IH'

YV3
MK9'E0/=43!@W%\#NBDU102A-DNWFK14-\]]5L_Y#QK
411:R$\P
2.Z7A4IL
MA1UM5

60#P52
''1 Z
8FSHQ])T@W?
V( & Y#.

]K%=W;;!K

 /HX4%8XK3D$0YZFOQM-!
MIO
^+QI=$<8A9LYM&2-V*
MRSNTF(,E]NL786D:ZS@^F-1!JD=HT8V8H+9LVN#M7LWF9$6 MD;Y_PJ5+!



MTE%L'GJ9V@(_UCMRR/Q^11


D1G)&N

K!H




M]JI0UNT)6\EL@D(\F$BUE


MA.A%;KHDJ02[UD@''C5^82Z0TUW1EG9X3P@8S?KK-/:*?1DC72(_$_]D48
MB\Y^(149P/FY



2*\(\*FE]3.-.


8L)HI^Z/BFU)B:I1%V

^\.P^8@_D;@
MC6=/F&]O$PD-FZ QQ8/'IJ!U1VH).#2)_Z-_8\OX1?+$UM5FCB./!;.5KN[-



=.^'H'2R)

M*:3?V%T!]N+-SUI-2YF


MK )G#7JLL%)EZY:323+3B2?E\6

MK-M#=;R2@5'BO]%4&T2 0R&X,;0LU]?OH7+I*C:1]'4/C9EYW#N#*E+K$2






^!8'0OFHTJREL+ML T
P 2L
M64CN(\XEN2BJFJ=]U$.MZL@94I6A-A&O_J:N4W1D5


M

Y_EUIPE)_RLX7'<'/--G;%D84=$9I1Y]5K@V_-$AJS!X
[5LS]Z-:F
MB&JM52!!: 3)_+@\?@L!VW;/5AE3P-B%587WX$=V









Q@O@K]E@
WQY/

+B_VV\!_F\?H] ^G

MZHX68@3%$\-O,U0E==P?C1H/:-3LF4H1$4!AW!S*]DLR7#1*TJG-'%8@CU

M;4X]\.T)D;IS@;/Y5O=2L]7ACIZ@X7S/A2R=(=K=MD/L.DW=J5MMP[46]W/(

M-Z3-(]@(
WP*_TXJ4_9UCSZ!$;3Z7
=$045;Q-;SC!Q+2ZF*L-!

1!;Z'D
9
M@:B+0]/J3AJ+41P1OU0


M)

)2YFU1)EOP4@:[





M:1GMC*4[H1DA;0#+&+5#FPM\$[VO]K)MYM!UGQ)Y#+PDR



!!PC^U!M0C8S*U

M




*63XUQ)&PH/#?
MO .GAW53][2&X&3IZA'-LI87AO;+PY*DB[2U' $=36-W?@75$4SY+2X1).-
MBR^:Q2

4N4SGKRE0V82D;6J;RT.P8QGE8
M33'TP=GQFTS/?\F:


GCX!=C$#F88J*/-/0#5G C7Y37P.ZXQLUSLLJ#.I8^H\
MAS5ZU\&5&3/P*0BQ/H#'!UPK*K3@.?!
M=J49CR[0=2CNL9\0+I%!U+!*UNT.ANMU2ZFL0KG0.9*@&X CUF9O#DC)1;



M76@A;;


EB-1+)AK.%J'^=J/QW& LP0'
M9 BN%N4[X4

 ]ZL9A/639_-*JG;I=&-T.#-8=@GOWWM^;E)SO

MOPN[W^.-
8
HI
@O(24[1/-WF$$Y-1

MUW  L1C5?R*W4/(:-8!&M61Q[CN
LF$P9X/MA#E#OO&P?&4$4MP+-: -.!
M13E0I=;


O[T +!K4\UWDCW2[*J(!D-AC):T%O


MLCZU1-$_ZBB-P7KWV;(HXZ(]=ZNAXBRKU]I!JO2PH^AS#K6E+9EO









MU83D&[#LOXK5-;A-[B01C

9P]


A!TE%!$G)0W4F2F2G ??R;?O?Y7(CA4


33.7S9H
%2=!9$%/NC$@Z^R(Y



;

MC
TY+X_!B DU![:A*9L5T)V:R721)D[XV-U_*P;H;N[3%2QSDAK'%JY2)HW9
MD0N:.^6=:X#6K2;
JNB2(%_!Q N0A7@V*]7*
$4
9*UM_KA!M!I+ZDGP4[NB

MXO$WKRC1[@
] $LCRW!D!;





UH40O4P@S&MIBZ
.

M)%+958

MDU]Z'ITU1TJ 

M'6CC2




M7&9C1?J'





AI._2J\P4L] V:(



T.^BM0*81
_

M2










^-6F3VH+ Q;#2@A1+R =6#3


MV84AZA4*

B4

D.^Z E!B4718P DFQ]D&Q'H2(F;5*I.W
M

2@[00*'AU

-0S778VX6H+Z 5FP[(L4(=T-S:2A8&:CF1!RT;5T

WR=(LIW81:B&AG!\*6!X;E:(ABT%$


V@W*V6*K1%7?&O.'Z& ND5H


7L]W^D-?ZMWKL[UH2UOGH$#44$&!D)$\
CG(LM.3=2=D$QP63]




!G





M47TZY+A#%
R7;8:A4F#PB=9#+0E$\

M
'BQ!*LL)









MJ' #BWL7V++

I2O$FN
M1G][]E]+'&_P0M$.1TD#8K-$

*W*+'#U978


M5F

7P5IB:Y@_^2GPD


M4ZM ZO@8%O6N@J12WE_V>_M]G$3.O_




383!#9QS8%G1D
&3BC8Q+


]6

MFK;


M/'E['O]]L






M6%!$5UC\ 3^K9MCL])?!T;XN%]. ?








*!



M-?#7(CR/3P]G7U'2WA
:R[=AZ0P.^OOSP&EWNN8/UEB
6#K'JX.F_7^?P1+)


!0)!5:/]?S1()ML-I;!BE.DW1 G]



MA@@[8OK

B88 J#.^C0RUPGWUZKYB=58=]:/@2G43[]



![A_$L*/6

M



MQ$R^!

A5
MI26-8Z*95^#^J5ZCD.))ZDI]]NK#P+PHG&JX6
X
GX46X5*?#3;HACE_.=48




M=@KDV])='#E
J82_AOC$6)G[*<4MD=6==A

5J




\/G@'.HTAX#:5&&(XE88Y9C09T =]&
M9#JP&:(4Q$'B-JI)^R&9N34@!U3-[0^B]P?@=XK-2#677,TT?PC<X1A0,

FLS8 T$46)3
M!02380(R0 H!=G3
]5% ER::*^8L,4-^2 Q)T&=PH5?A\07EJ4B8S8 9/F4<9=1


M-2:



M)S5=]#I$$$:-5 3#I48C1I?TKH(P1
W





M9 1K.?@)W1XXUFBR6_F26L+6$]






MP!@T'T&L9K





M.(P8+5GL/3'#*





M'BS@E7K WUTOAVG3=GOYD;(7'U/OO!K#$KS!B=]2(HXGY#7H+2G=N.R=][SG



31T2/5U
M&-?%

M4U2!3[KW!MCOC1KF%4YT[!^U


M#'-

JQY



EIE O
S^:31[;



 -%X^;


-!Y2E6C7!&18HM??3/ BNWAC&_H(AIDCF'






MBYU+T0S.SOS]DRY!L^';U#_JK5K ^E3B0AV#+$.S@\&A?W!RW)WCS=XF.

8G;F?(K#P/YC8.&#\
\J%F!C'*TR
BA!LKN;GC/_5/_].RLU-N^YU[2 =?]Q69W7J
MGYQVIWC#=VG0.^Q.<<<?MQBL9Z


M\%



M0KSE.$4+VTNRHL A+OSIWE25DPQ;**Y44:IOF^/RU')8_?U3_V3=:NR-25)V
MHV]O*8SJ1M]N1@CQJ7'6P8%_.E@S2]!)CLW?W]6K&SK)T7'6
@0].?3/CC=0



M?2O_;QR-_O+]WG^SC\/QL=_?7W

MX





MM$GOUC\[\\\Z$+%-%TMGZ\Z0[J12)Y6V3RJAK738@:)MN% :G*T
_?Y4I!*Y






@.\KS&^;KXI0K


M-[F!'Z $AE?HK_'Y4C2J7 6 


M_;J
HAQWVP98




MP00Y-XM5X 
W;B?.P,T@1I,A67 )@&E*116Q!WG9 XN7&CX#]
GZTKYP5Q
M?8^@4*3S:[-%BZLX%$; 3UY(,^;19QGM0@!NN1\X3ZCQ$XC2DA:(C@JXM]

AD;AU.

6V*=3]/Z$\JEYPB1FT/$8O[;Y@2'JA!=
P#8+2-




M!#O8&[$74.Q208.I_XL52$^2:

MP\&-!IE(. D)EK

M0/J6)
' F7Z;&/PE!@OE%TH^5RF:ITCY@@.G?*(6+J+B6
&SNTS$&VI87K9*
MR$7F?N/6/R53;]$:2CJX=9&P -)9U9VV\B_G/ 9X9H^%D+# B8RW
))&A./?
M *\!%]$H+))
6OAO'%)_3Q_PY

ME6
/=!B][TTQ^A'\;5!F0.+7&7S -!V(TS#WF8C\!!\J4X9.$.8?P4!4#/WB

Q]B%0J

25$573HV!;=A@N'
:7Y]#AI3KW_48

M!*)F[U*+AUF*

G/K


UB
 S1I9Y6&9F'XIA.
D%L2_P9K_
<DA'.CW&2Q'=H
!Z2OI_3Z]QL

M-N[F&/!JZ-6K/2R[)*/J;J;%3W_MH
5W95D:U2&(88G&
^9*/*M5'.YRH8
M3T9+IXAG\* RK9?EX8SU&[[T(9P7G;Q^\P4[A#1A:LW^$3+.$#'%=W5I?@

M?!*FK;

J9RDQ]KK][
3JF0

M53HVO%^7

.W^UAD/U)^=1-OH9@3E9_[O[7?-64RFA8YRB2.W-L@R5/E*O!5




MB
8&;NH;6!X42BC'06;3WY\DT:17A%-22U+][X626/MRRZR^(+]QN7H:*E





H$A-5LT UGL)D=)ABN)L


MD'J 1L+#TDA!1NR'V6J)G._T;0MSUXV9#$U3'L)7^'FCV$TVC^U#6
=8&L
(<!E#T\T6N=ZJ5I[<LCO)ZF%35@_W82L]K1[NC?!Y7_4K

H*S9MRU^!K$/INE5AM+25F




MHKX8-)B

MN99EI#U1@#6.)Z013%OH

?MTA0S=M
J+CJLX_[

H_#


MHRL4L$IQ A$PNG)0A;$C9


DYN$3


MQE!M1^PW0SFVZEA[7IWI4392$MV0B

M@I
$MY^4&ZOZ:

M^3AH^=R8J*;3O59'TK&DXSX=W+)5VW:D3):T/'Q:M@W5LO:\8=V_TMW!7@U[

W0E1D;
M+JPJKN(3+R%NRL95CX69VJHS]O:Y+6JS)-X*6P ?PG+3(IEZO.Q]6K\N@BK
MC6SW8D

MZ0#P


M^7)%9P?C1;X'P!FD $ $V65)]XME:^55BX
5(:H'=_4:Q-ZR-PCCE]:$;

1P$R\

M$QRFIW+84DY@P&X#
\=&G0H:8+G^^0\EX1
+@__0?ZA\*X@W ,DP4])&R#
MB X#9V].2$C_HLO'0 RP3BNN&S2#M *HSP($'&QGG@*Y ;)=9#[^&U@EC8#+


M_.0&/BYH2&#@OZ?%RX/;(+MG- BR
06!NF13R^E


M\VSS(VO#10]D/5E6(^XD_'=19I!7[@VYF '3_WGASF&SEVYXY]ZGK][4)Y@'



M8&GL2_ A.
U&!![#W:&O2WR!QD6+7S#OUSRV!8FVN)^G9-^_BY
5VD:$PO8S


(;Z[D@8XO^7
M^T)!5&P
Q0=((2;[YP2]^+GK!6& RZO-H*,+%,.:X]:K$^&E.D43U0?QLH
-U+2 K10;/%




=B7!

M#H=D?[6JS
E@U=))C6CC&H)?0PB-_(X.#K##Y EJ_;.9_@0V7*7$ PJSZB

M4#B_4_





/HOG_XA_]J7<=BO@#N#P&*9VE%)N7HJ<A10Q^I8WW/EKA2
MCDHY*N6HE*

MJ4LB^(G\T*G6U065LD.2UD[#8:J.3F20B)WQ;1
9:BXU23

M



H?07P3)


-7Q
N3QS/[#L40^)(WTG48D


$@N@%'P8N71#D/XS3]
M3GE



G%


?;ORC&;%+.:



^Q%0\8



BI^E#$?JTN'V9.(
M^
BHN)2.W0P?2[6
#K:/%(_#$8_3+IT^I'B4XE&*QT9ADFZJCM[#B9N]$Y&#
ME(_V6.N0%ND$@D%*1QX/*#91_-*FY/+4D:0=UA! ;0$\_3B?A62-A1[S!KE+


QU$=QY*-


M2.


M)
'9$5


M
M7[

M#0.0. @5H 4 8GP;^+AA G X27'V$Z7%+Q3EQWK^XI2


M3 Z![@XBD0U$


M;CB)#X+LRN+EI5X]XL[2.

0-P_GGA
MSF&SEVYXY]ZGK][4SK0
HHL&#)O'WWC(^7R?0TX;9YQT9/?OW;YL15DD9/Z/


MN1L1T0:F418G]\I= NK[PH_OJ$=Q9H!Y5T@ZYD+6Q9VJWT;P&F@4^=E(2








K^#J(

:(7\/!.Q -S=XM#?ZD

[@9ED2S'(6*.# <7&6+4(!SH( @-.G)ZGJKI8Q
MB#IN8  <K[R_\@C3Y\ 4]%-
#OJ &+S]&YQ^J Z/?.[#4

7\!3L(
]E9Z1JAZK$)Z<HGM^YP*3II5/DL80!;;UCO]-





MTEU5PF)52%B
F8@F@

M/'J\


 B6*5B/)\6


E;3%Y
M&;4F%6I-(HC!&












M!8E0%WTNIT

MM.46X^/ .13YP8$W8Z#DUGI6@I*4H$0RCXJAW3SWS+Z]6#*0!@5(ZQ5^A0-B
M6=5-K9H!4;H=-1=EJ]LAW($4G =V#?F SL.!(TT/U*W?LB#_^8\D(O
@^XZB




MB._@.4NJKXHW
([,Q;P\(+?D=NGD?L[LM5R&MN;HGR:Q %RWR)9IIRCIZO

Y#V3/FQ%WC.AY$AE8ZM@
M9

M?=3V6(+2
:5A

MUTA@RZRUW-7U.UW^H6A\PN17(GR^WE!@C&YYN;'5?L648.*U46H[7I#BY=



M$^U&4]?M0


#
M4CTD?



M^-NJN!2R[$]A/(


M%.P?3'O(
2!BMB:G5=_4\L2JFJ9S+1*Q(!/8\Y6ARADN3HNT#K=XJ7U;K!-4
M?1[JPFD!.R*AL

^PFM.O-\1QIMYZZ =;[PQN(@ZL/#&J6=$OWTH




VT

+C
5M[^J 0]MHX0*

MRDE6LTQE-4L?MB*K64HE4=F*&VHQUI1$$8GEX[5T\4H(;;EIF([F5-=WQ7@M

_E/4 FL2OBW&&^VU5Z'974*\T$U36CG  VN]]$4/W&W)KD8I]1
\

672S7A-#;@1^/P:A+XK5!O+(JB
M]2\A:5@].S)&/;3=M(98\F6!F5LV*LC7-QG@3QZ6/B+7@7=/%NYT-!%$/M+
MZ(+_2L1Y:.;+%G\[[^_?'DG7!%E]__%KO)44NB54=H4#Z67:?=M9


M.BE015)]7WQZT





V_RQC+P_9 \M1ASNNM[

K+G'M-?*_I*7K
VKR!#J?3\6ROC@@0

M6Y
:'CHP-YC0P(+S*A2:2K%W$1JZ





0-AV(3Q2]MBOD#
MN!IRC0&M\416)Y





MYW:78EY)&Z=$&Z:E'2:=(PED& 1R;DY

M4+^LL D








M5


[*OX@L +4/'+WQ
MU(I$:$W2Y5!E 8%X]177IQFE7))VP\G:*(8IX(6YPIN486E[BTL#6_E) =+
M(!G620^4VI\D*[;@^I2+4OR;?(/-I6SFZVH8 HXU)#P*55L3S\]GC/-.@%








'/X]E8AP.!B1D\YCV.?KC\C

);UBZW@+(+V'N/?DK#U8%%S-/<;NM5+



M
_6P1D#EJM0/9GAFSE.O<\


M%*;

M%R=_HAGI


U9;HTH(?G


%O /(8


G2F2B9E[)$OX'.F+1E0K%[EXEV=
M11RRK(W[C3_ZAW:M =#0U^%I&/9=@*\LRVEKZ^H?A/EQ51JH*3D[RQ/P.7)
M/

$KXQ1?!*^D*A;%





\Q7+EM:MQ



MF%.)H?YB:#Q5QZ.)G%#Y;'TK6U) 3RS A]Q
;6RJHU&' :G]
UJ/'D7Z2!V-
MQQ)%_461::K3T6$P=!I&.*__/2_NLW^'.2]VO^19;/''#1#L'X5:ANITGM/;
M%18#


M3:JNV

WDS!:\32_&7+S#L^M: <



MFZ+\JT]YV#XTM!!==*R$'V!GK93WMGH4Q=4PLS;FJ3D-6AA7Q3$[%F:1-?R2


%






QSD#(=#


'(11Y!3
M-0.
?%O #_3G'.;XHVZC@1=F(I$?#S2Q*R^!*(F <%&Y7GD=6
M2(]7+(&]/X%S!PO6(5N1HBHBA7H]&BV@0X-L:RW!
/F,8B0H;)UNBB*?
M3H##






M*=@RF^^

MV$9AW!!W((@[T^J

M0KWRMIF&LR0_=:S!;VM#7^\[4YK-3C0/;1J_V(HLOJ'=;$BK];D);KDP

M-

MI;Q[V-0'$+YNF



:





&2-3G8X.DS [+8_O:3
NG7W$

MEL8W'7MM*FE#TD;[Q2.M0]3T6&CC%+($GSJU3SNQ?
N
U@^2.2;_VC






03][=3R

)#D?

M'[39_9@1(T

M'N]8C$3I0.S63EP.XY+TL:6J5SM


XH/


(XNKD(P8YC$\Y@


P&=BPF\%_

$Y2)2$W;H*2
M0/& U7&2#@H&9N(J@$4W OB']*%9G@)64]@

].MD6\0=^HX[FQL
M3UQ_Y$\
Y]^35S]\I2


M

MKIQPLA2V1=55VE!D+9M

M*=](X@4IE1O_E_LWSJX%_6E.XOS3+E;!-ZB]=AX8@X?'W$&'[-_PPD+O#O
M-G9.ST7=!]QXR8%




M.)FHUGC/




MQMR'LI






EEEY:\5OJQ)^Q2-]BP$HE3^B
MA,N_X/QK6+(';%X0WG-VX08T1N^N2X5I5$WO/H4;2\'TQ=3^2%UQZCJ+S








)!$O18*?P!M/S&V0_4
EFB2:GL[%F^B]NZ0N

XKT#


LC@]-YV3)J(


MUF!^__*T2T_\*5+B/F**%;MTP9R=3E3NBYE1L@51HCBZ^$.[UI2?KJZ^
M*/



MLF;)$3_(X#VIIEP'M'T'_RZE7\%R\'Z2I@26AT^S6%FZV
H\B.BK /WEZ^!K


%-P/$![DZUZM'W!E@(
\V/R+ RB



/(^DIB'3LSV6'6
/2]B2F*6Q-RG@UN.:EF/R]4_'RV?0N'RESSQ%BY+
MA(!E!:92=J\J*WK-$;
EY*\\6.T]AWRXE97G$T.U;:M''1QD[6L#0V-=G3H2
M0SW&T

GL* /6;NPW3



SIT]?]^)H8\M^


D]6)T


 1W&D/3]FICM




5;=H@NK4U-%S1

VLLKJQ866?B2G=7
MG9_E$\L

3/;^R]'!Z_?J=L=+3F=]


MF?.I&9T5SPLXBJ*P82&@38$PQ?6F9D(T;
BMGZ0NSV Y&1)'N]DS_KC9XQ3'

ME8(;FD[%Y

M8R1Y9@T,1P-U-CBSGL1_'3C_PGI+4/ZF0^
M+AB/RW83/]; 0[I!4@ZU'V
M50$V 4F;MUJ(4-

0RTE$L('2XA2:0JDAPRJF16X6V(DHQ' R_5LS@!WI]
MWY FM[8'
OE?6QF/$C=))(UBAW%)E0BC2



TT7Q$QH-1\=OU7EEI)/Y(TY_Y^57KS]-I$[(X420&7OY*1 J+


MDE

)9H

M*X3E4DJSJUY9L^G9U1DJ5Z






1;IE9%_UTBWEG3-5PLM].-89WDVT:(%3'Q@;9SC

83-6T91LN:)+U-;0=POAJ?)HY:KQ^
M@$TUKM2##LVW?

Z8/&TJ?^6:N%? O17O.TWI3JLS^!)G\ W]PM6 V;Q
M5$DX:7:I9(.?2?L0T'
D&U(EHG.,&!UFDJ(]!(1AH/VTJ1?1(9=8'!HZ.G^ZW-EG&N(HFR 7+E_BP


@ 1
47W
6D7+DQ
M2^&]XU(@5N(UKX/U+8INIZF4NJ6Z3!2J&'KFI/Y\B[_,1ZI(ZG JU8<$D /




L7BT8S!'8JE]'U+B*/34WD




#2(WE#L]W2]KLZN-#H
U!K5$C



+W%=F(N
3&0;2M:0N/Z$E)#I@2I]-!K9Y-C6AA,+8)H)ZK< /

MI8EHUP(BL[8'M%^JS*A.Q'1ZA3]!DZ5V
ND7US(G-@+Z7$V-^/]S4CE=VT5L
MI5)3RN5Y&0=L'(]@E+?6K6TBS&;I_#0K.C'+W'S

M [8L&;)
OM=?KRK=T&C$A75XM#$.OL^D+^#*T;Q4M2.[#8KM^A(\N/D$S7QT
V^W.P+H





IK'BE





]\I U9
M?;_&6[0BD1%?J@FJM992!H[+1@[H\)<<XLZ#H$SS0I2U4 D4SVVOHJ;?0?U









M.KU
6S2=M*%KK!GL9(HQ!SRW*@9U
L70@TZK0\]]F6K0




UMV1=#.
M0/BE*?O5F1&R%4+PLQA]'BC5_HSL5YM1#=*&&[/9%E.L?(![8OSV;E-!'S


M[:(KW:+V-2.=K'AM:]:0[B EK

P T7GTE0+1KLRH\MJPN4]9



M
=23U_0TBT*UNTY5#VDU+$%3X2?4T(VQW/8X9(5IXZOT?(E7ZS_J
S2_L=N?





SMM6K8NH-N^^Q^XI&*NVSE6
MH;QE@NON)

MVXK\@1\PW25


MC:\&S


0


MQP9.;&MW/LW+65S882F#I;_-1R.=@G=4^_WR%N_KK*R6
)#*=!W2 _8ZE&3]
MX+%MMY:4^* ?6%


MND77D%@]I.B^Q6N?3-?V-RZ:RQ8P8


 6


+159M--184/?. ]8R$Y2/E)5
M5:AX.E
% %_@6]X#II3#F[__ZLZ\A)L\N:MY]!/\0V_;[P/VMUO$?+]3 H+W



_(65!?UOWKN


MJ87=5.FIBO.J&$G+R;50_;+RO/4T''
P=8[B@C^
.JQI(__Q
:M<N:4:RCQ(G#57340%#]



M6


[GVE[4F0+Y&.<<R$W&
MVH8I0




M6G*?V!U-J;.

M9B055DCICG3E89?*076W+27A$O\3VE;/RQDZ(&]/W[FYW#7W[J9 3_OSJ=




_2#5(-=VZ


6E/M3!W@J_2F0&Q+NJ8FAY#Y?C/^=1T3=5]9Y.E?;0
M7:,T&:[1DR+RID;/PANK/F+7SY!FA#;H2I@H-$7,G4O#0_7F2\]MN=JR=5\

/-Y



$!KYLNOF751GU
MIEJ\M_HB9*Y
^VHQ
)36HZXD?BK%OJK_\#-P-NN_5
MJVRB=ZN_]/-R0U;04C1@E&_1+S2_+FDDHMNN&R*9S*;P_[)Z<4E!VYJ_C63






5*AN2'M0;Z)%MBN[C E8U)THI@K^




/D1-J?
Q#-3

@P8_(D5JV*,O:Q,SF39
MJ]1ZT]1 SA;6M=0A@X[%U


ND\=8S$1CBI

!U?
MM!N[[K15MZ^J6* 

'V%0%M38




MT3JBP]\-5$9+'UWA


W=
%EBY^BH+8D?GC#634/WRYI($J7Z

DHCP






(E, YZ24#H^J PJ)@ TG#@JX& D

M7'L?KFV4!2'#R/%42E*/2\)#[I
H3 +B*^XJ+_1IFB+7\M &V.T1UZ[)1_LT
ME(7?I^I



MZU2-I [H8L'OX)!XW.B&OI+#]&U6G.5P'WH8RYYNQ0PG^Q:;VN@N6DK6$UX'



M;HQZG



X$I2%&7( (P]F?I^\F_![7&HHRM#?X\^J!%X%:7G

1YD!*W



MB3@;9;-






MI1L(PA-*292D?']* RYBE+E,-!.',=V[S^D:)C.MD8/2R?\8ELC512UE.&





W@I&][N-U$ -2D4B2
JX)#SE@L0\


 L' RDFX

G'XZPUV=Z4G)VH28*5




%$H!%K!^^

/.(W^)T5PU;R^5;F= PIL@

M?=R_./BXRSZ_W;\\@//X]%=XM7_Q=QRQ(/44(YX?

)#


M^_+; O


M?%;


2



X9

#]DQZ
_SK=__+AR_X_)\[GXSTX



M0ZD'\3H'/SQM^O%KN(T()[CQ81[?D(BY@I084(@Q83&493T,_@V$%0O4HQ


M9^=J=/7SYI
+[DN'JT)X S%NE!@O]]]^_=M/TR1RO A
Y[/!&4A$H [(F






DM4ZLQQ<IGTPRCR2:2$!ZC$4A*'
MG(*B$3F) W?KA.G6:S^BMKNVIG^#EZ*'S+P1O6)@Y@=@YI;?@N(-R8#(0 $S

];2/+QV52=JDF1G2MK

)R[A3A20



B D
C86&2RIC!'V+K-3H_V(JHRJ.P

E\[F



MQUV;AJ'-O7NWM.@-JFJ-_%\S 2^MXG.MO(FQF)YD$_WZ!6T[44#^TX?C3/W$
M5UA0G27?YE573PA7RIKD

/EG*6%[K&^]54C00&
W^^R.3LM *(UA?+*W2:KX@8%C&?7?^5#9[F


5GF15G


Z+MEW7O?;7

MUWNBWDTV932UQ]G6$F+K;;W+T.RS/BDQM79!+9#6;_.)0L#N;/7%W&/+-W0+
MXZG?=XR2=UT;OC:*^DP/SAD.[DX'1Z/;X


X
M=N$Z4XFQ



)4I($7.71S2-=0%!$-I^N%R?
M/'2M?C;LO%G;;&#G];%S8X(!)#.?R8#P)$H(Z)<!B13SB P(&!02%BL6T)Y


M@;_UFD6AS:-[NPJ'@
,6-OU@@9&/MA&/NJY3:-FO!*DE=[F+J

\C,9GM31VI#W#7IL?U#@_%Z/#=%\DI[9Z=7@+KD+SB6=
M_Q'.*[KQ$0E<4QX$DB<T)B2-)%^S#V*H^D YT([C/J4.SJX09^D'3(P^(88
MO#%
/!6RV D825(!#.Z'G(2



2+!


M1


5]X.O7T*8


'HII4E

MC)M#C-XI-21_W@ZE=B\T0I4CO*5PG41PCE$(@DO3$A(0T5YKE*)0GW$F=P
M7KX ]GWPH

V.C\+@R2
O)@$


_&\ C3('4C&1X

MC1(O%20
O81P+PE(G#)%_


M-B#!QI&@

$C9NA U1_S!?=4:*Z+;BL0[RKLGU$
?2/

M9.#DM7-R8XSX$F XY R
D1C86?J
1G8)@%G@0QH$ND)F32T76\8?/&,67F#
M;9X&5EXG*S?6A!,D4J6A0V)/ BL[PB,1!D+R/7B


8
M*7E:_IJ


A+&?3?(I7'OEIMF9R.Y3=C55[&NBV-
FZ20-3II7SP;+A^906'@-+
M8Z6)$%2YB+K$5V@<18R(CB%O_DJ=F)/2!''.CL^=-<5WQEPI?^X\@22S0:$


5 T0WB


M:PW0MU;H:]5921Y(YKN$!4(0SIV 1!&/2!I&RE6AQT4 T.=ZMG__47H#] W0



K@8


MXJ4^=@_W$A*%'FA//=!.X[8'I\ +8/7\XUN'6]Q8  ?42 7A@Y P)L$@':



MAE5^8Y4OTQ5SIJ:PV_$8L+LX%5/UZMK0\CKJ\8=GO(RJ:&/(M__\1119HC
8
MODU_ZRAMN&FHHW?'=G

M%IU!6;R)LM@9A

M'CL TS
'IGMZ[09@VC@P-0X[Z:E .8DBCH@=K!I(2$Q=ET1Q%/
T%([+ @0F

?1

U


0!BU.7(F.O<)8


@V_]FZ8W0-L ;4_5%A^@;3W0UFK!+8/(
M=14GOA<DA <N(\)S(Q)2/WE\I.(8Q?][6 Y6ZI_T+:6O/HU9N$^8
;ZL
H'





1@PF&8G@A*?
:F)9U18=H2:A3T[[+/')6F-\
Y2A<=4A9?O#87__-K?PYP.KY;?:F&GC*=6C=-<8;C)&.Y*LR15%/.
M$(=H94@,9RF8B4HF7Y-1P7)P#/#X28E-Y
HGQ2XGP;:7CCZ53CFE=E)A6.F
MQC$C2PE3)5W2BP%Q08$)PL$$+P$S12U2/AE2_
Q2TG3*!1(+QQ2.J9N=5CAF


DTQ_VT[P/WUQNU!T/?+XC6*;IC*U!_O?Y(R__
MVPY^6;YSG//)



OEWK:W5
MM


M?:]S:5!9FCN69DQM7B@*&'.



Z7;QNG[;6/Y$OG(HWIH/-Y_R-IG[J3]O:G;OOW/.Z7O<WM
M%MY<^THWMM?IQK=W?W_^]F7O\C,7:4S[?W:^K'VF[=,6;O^^@ZIGV%_G&]]V
MV&::V\:V.]GXZU.GO?]N_[^GK6&[2F%:'VZL[ H4) \:090XWQMU!JSEB3R
M6'-



\):.PAJ&XLE(;5<9WAS$MP?EI7SP_K=CZK9W-?

M



MGED K)%R2E*SMSPW OEZQ9CKI9$-^K-$RC02$$A 0*##
5E(% 1OD41(

M\=(GI9ZA8LXM@#DWYVI.





8H68 1$H2R!A3+M\R)3B9:U!$$8TE/YY%08J9FF!7*

V4

MZV41&&


M1V

M[7P?RT6GJ=.;&T]=8TPI:70$A95+[&8#:
$])




M4/=U _VEY'U1[VL']_$D*6J9





I0C:JH!0#)5C
5R-R 0B&05'J*474*)D+0.@GZS %UT6./QGL
MY5+#(Q$_EC2DK)68. U22 J
$ 1:

DQB_Z7@L8OPUP'W*
MU5Z*VEY#O(\DO$0Z43H*$%VN\RVB 4ML!)+CSA815QNV]04YFI007OM57;
M7R!AH*CMSP'JL4P@RH
72&K@VB=;/%G?H'U@X+RV)D0=
$%+RU*0HK;/%ZY?





LJ



, 8
M=S[P5$8O,RPS+#,L,WRU,YSU'1G?^?Z%V5NO2)3W9!I7 K::H;/4E[\%8SQ








MN];6:EKES^LKG[8:Z^VU] 1_[K37&S0IMXC@9OZ)JH7/6L_
)WT[F_VSU6L



MEC. YV9=









W
'__C8@[3H]73(? D<.
M
1&=MH@$92*Q

AE
JB+!(![.T




@@3I@WN4R.A@#)9XC1[4P

M%H.@(0#CR(!U48+UAC&K
6



I)
E%-TN4L5SC*)*JX



;M'!J'&B$)-A<<LG%H#Q'60NG
M38IO)L8\7 N?%K/K86_*HXJDRQL_XH;A:V?QK;C]LE/-D)'@DPS%E@FGM0
M* 3P1&(30S(N;9@GNE^ .RI7OC.-X:!S#'MI0J'WMAS^^P__25)QSE6=C1^;
MVZW=7$#2*2.321X#

MIQ(S;KSTZ5\/B)X4'^+4Z6H\W8URQ:T$S'#B*T$Y:*8)*)8IR:27@EY:IDP]

M49_VA0-G' 'SPH'R.H 2R3Y4T?

L04\@(HQQR8Y P,@JD


M 0QXBU/BK-C1VM$@+=V']!1]?U8$J?KY6]ZLU;&]*E0W&=7A*U6[TV9%;P1(

MB*

M8E4=85S&*&
L'





M%*.@N7! 




5[O&(LN
5[

M/&=!!Z:Y0ZZ&(F

@C:$J$&F1EBP$27E56.&I;%@Z.T^%Q/CX)084
MD]R21$! F@(SQ(+AW@&G0M


@T-$-$AQMM)XR
$D93$H@QJ D5F \=Y(IJK#.
M?H
F4M

Q1;BH/T1I*(N#$%/JLWV.W*X&
MX^!59(19,\1*IMTHUL+RP(4GF3XQ5TW9:'00J&%0I^QW[67--E]DA(M
M6$*C(L@K(03*-]VC4(5ZT*AHVJT@9+H$8[@@D@F/$O6N\I=1$6T+DB'-?-F



!6%5

M;*L1W^:$WHZ['\@D WDUO:/3RR5$$HI[:9J- _

H^#45H;


ML;K^?GUKN[7ROO'[I\V=#\U&J[WZIK'27FML[?RVU5IKK7QJK6_59-:KF^VM

M]9? _%WW26NRG.]:6ZMIXS^OKWS::JRWU]*B_KG37F_0I(LC@G-N.T'56;B2
MY#ZK2=^^IO]L]1K#O?Y1&L

M&(3OG?20MXO?2SE@!E^3*#B7BCQ]]?E?LDK$*SNN4EY&XK-2F-)3=LW!87A[

71-R3M[C; W


]O?;^Y_29=^EO?W8_?_N(TO?O
M;VZ[DS2?T\];UY* ]M-SD=;IYMH.V?Q]G7SY]O%DXZ_TM_W_=-IK^5D_\_9I

MIK'HYV\;/
V[TS[]]*V]]O4TK1_^LO_NVW]/-TXVM[_BC=./;'-MX[2]MK
K
M!1+

CH?



[XK3BG2@W/UP?^S9%ZPRUQ
6M978:%38+RQ66FV^6*Q4PYXWE-L9:





JT




D-4R



M=IC_BGAE;HXK,H898P7'^,!/LOYD\H3&6



@JQAH+JET;U2#
W@EGM&8'(JE1/

M596R^C&K];G+T&$V8AL'1X/\RK Q[)_]!:PY#+[2_1.DJKZGC8-N^N:?%+)\
+G^'L_N':T2 MW8?T%'U_
M=B^Q^OE;WJS5L;TJ=#<1W;DK1;14TE4LD83M (6(P:3I!<(J20104CNS-(R

F$\_#)$&C
 B
MHYE1'AI>5K7C N :^CMIPFJR 
M*XHD
78B;27H:!0P09/MX4@$C+3T@1N..+T-RB666L9X]6.\2I9_.3]3[!P'









M]KH#\U/XWU'GL#




(@-)84MEU,3&/+.(I0XNDF)D].#BQ-NVK
B:5I

M;5($:Y@%3%$

M QU4!C$KD(X($\2



9H

7
MUB'G/?.&:4$\]EPRCQ-*

MHIT*1$$4+I%;YC5+@P:F*78NO4I557R%


M?Q=1KGQG&L-!YQCVTH1[VT!P?T@.'V_O7*AXQRWU]PNU5QA8A6XH# PAS@8
M1B,@CA4B/+K$9$O+JT?[1UTSS%W+TV$)KJHX;WS_H.+']/O*UDZ#(P TTM(
&\06 A@TXBF^*;'25+K:HR1N'.9\NB\20:9)TG
M&9U.J 1'$U@F?J-(4[7X0[+^T=O+']\717
R$#53*9HH8!(R%G!.( G#(N

#*G5Q7)4QRA@O/L:B%]?A/A ?
MDHZL'6(2M##07UF'.(JJFZZ&L&UUG

M/11D/Z^*GD

M

HV#HT%^9=@8]AM/ZL#Z*GT.DUU0I%IY):B7+A 61%36!8R10R0*
MZ0E[  


F?62C

MG.
I=HZ#A]



MOPWZW6YC:([3V_U1:&1GU=F'.Q7X$AGX

*#


(QV4O


MN2@U0H$O+;



MJAFY+


MBM2HBPE0I$;MI


M36-]YI-/;RJ:

7TTC
8JYU)%0187WD:LL&A=6'3GHM&Z9R7
M& /UWB1MU!BP4FF(P1)K-#&!A\RB6,DFI]-*ZE
6IBT

M)4O1(LP%(EHKYG54NC!I79C476%2BR3E# L@6 1@P5LP4BIP(I(0D?1&FJ5E



3?K2BP*38_4W]\W@:Z=7?;VX2EXNI%
_.
?C



M6&_\L=)J-U;7WZ]O;;=6WC=^_[2Y\Z'9:+57WS16VFN-K9W?MEIKK95/K?6M


7??P*
=GK57*H/75<OTY@CJ?D&G4G.\YLVY^.?O_RF

'_)09PKWRSS6#7ZK'NM=)SL3&I^#&336DX+G+^^/77G4
MA=G'
0_C!-9XO??XWHN $S[P0^Y;OZ:%0V7A'K5P8UK3W%_!?1BQC(RJQKM/



M



_@ZO=PLMW\0SA(/#N_TFLQ9




M*R %_S7$_PO9)07_+X7_








MV9[;Q4-S'$JV;ET




M%L(%YX2P@'7DD
QB0P*W2:7@

S!.FF R* T
TJRZG8P;PK^9

QUB@)&I(;)FR:\U<EH4GV/M3(.U6?!ZDC[%X0I%70 Y35+6D/2
M_A57$H)F5/* D

MD0





+U+8XI\9!_\ZORT]
B;LT6%Z:[(H%JP
MT_P8%+^=[U!AJ,D8HU
B


C $3!D(UB/



/A
MH&./AL9V0^Y7Z/9
[VN^]- ;[U)892A5%R.Z'6
[W:IC865.5 E
^VE]\NL'

^G
M;[%

!
SP'NL+(#2U@I! <OH@7R3LBF'JR+



^C(5$@_11(CRP(Q;E&
M(4A(PM\G2'
+VG$

9VJ\BQ21.(L]<X=#0;IQ_D[?ZY
MZ%IXC: ^#
*!Z?B++JSG20$K/5]M9U6II##7A
Q%QXT


\)
X#6;;DJ0 ?49 'S
]B.

M4 2-? 3!.9/(.)E0O[3

!OX0E7R7&9]NNI&!\1A@?F2'
.I?PC$%7%02)



+[D5%8J&PR


M%+ _]A'1@H-G!!.%7#O$]A1$*)-

M
6.J&%E1Q@:F

[A'RN23<4O?!R*T\0K2UOI<
M=3VT8Q!)-J'I+M3(=C2LL1-?DOA]9)X^1K /5M3O8#[N<$]LLU9LJ.\CP*T


44HL]W

44#\#J

M2/N'@!FA0 4?(=$V5Y%*Z7QN





_OG'5L9IYN
MFQT=!I^;Z'9Z%67
X*;9)/E\\R


/ NB1!

M5X DD-F3_$/U2Z#$MCB6'0*?_J[5W7K9!D)@@'/.9,!8TFM[O5^_!8U UC
M9-'+NW6#[LITD-QAW/D)2XM[ NU82XM[RDEM'M
PEUFD&



MS5C?&_M[NHM\ H6@+\O)I#R'Q5:@B&![/











M?7





([*(D'- E9:W#LJNS(B,
M.XS8/F%YL5H3==;RXE?)B]:/TB&84H&@),JBE% 52,+B( TX8F6
7 $0WGA

RFC1R8!


M 7CN0COWAA&)4&11H@0)$7*'YB'&! 0C?BB$BJE(XOSN@/+656FK:ZW?4P9U
MS?F_E_
[CKV?:CQ%XO
H



:
MBT@FBH4X&3D=Q-EBLF#-[X^%W^_?


MD9! !7E

IUC6_KG

UCF3!\KJ#S1GLN;\7\?YK8.2Z)AQ




[(U(\H6O5
@M&09H0G8428
MSOV<15F6Z0D OL9+VKUTCR6N;






M\V7



@REJF8


MUUM+_%\J\7OCH\


M%=VPP-W4!(AR.BU'?T9P





S[<A\NVAUMZX
MG

MZYUX[_



M/CC:.XX3%B5!R3WP82C,@^(2)DB*4M\7V=YDCYS&O2A)MHC=-8:A'&W$_3




MW=/!/X&U%--3?.IP:O.7YWHXQ%/SA

F2\TO.X0
M5H]7C?CDBX97&

'!;S7S==GJRAJ!W\5OO=57L&Q=






V!G3J;3(S/P<(J0LG-?'P


QN=W+@RPWRKT7'\9#=+%*V-K).9 (;+

@4 5=V






;FV^=B?6'

M:*/&FX/O:^=\@=
DP'.:HK_$[15HS]8^W_*=&O?NYMP7FV
YTV-T/Y3-2+0+
M





M=M_1!ZY


CW$_!]1^#3Y_W/V-5

X4_-^[B^
L#U222[ P$#Z-AI(3+FE
MTCB3*8M\&G*]8&'$F!:D.HF5HI'


4NZ-H/Y@74K
M%LBX#][;N3A.$

M
9K
7KWN6'^#B-(L43['15.*1.*4U$

Z_
NVO3#B )43*B

M@S#Q !)WBB]J4F9MI!A39O8-MDIEXLCFL.L


MI

5;?F$

5=O#*BJ)PSK[;2N(J]/B
M[*SN?P3G5QDRL&GORI!%:Y0OD%3^<42Y7HN#*:&OSOSWO19PG6P]WC!R80[





M7-$6
EX-I_
0R/^6VOC?'.P
/.XM9[;PQQV) ^L.@:6




MK[19P0#$VWG-A5C


V*9TK 52$Z(
$O6H/.
%W3Z!66
ME0S3XZG
\WB-@]7PWCG&1&!GC'-E-J\]X0=M.=S2=MJJN?E &(H'2GMEK5N@




B4V#3JE6=5A0-ZT/%7*]_@9BH8ZNH!?6]P1'O# )

HYG*A&GP9/)*3UTH1BV_

;N
MC8M-$!=62G?\ NSH)VBJ.& !.-.3BV4=2J@UCL 5D5X4)JN6%WG55%ONCD$;

A78

M$0F.%;TK40GIC8E4M7(@M]OX=0,X7 \6CP4/-JB1X5ME&,.QQ/'L[*($9@
MC
X #J)!UT=R:7%AVC2-;IKS4!I-RF_&\0%BO;(*;FSJU.:'V_BIICS+HI2G
M-
;['2#_3#B0Z:$C@2/CDKK%<#Y^\?[1YK

)5ID*LDCZ?A[19R\6!S_^-[)VKVGL.X\Z4 D749))

M
\+S@!
14LV9XDR'Z;


/$U-'O&_5BR@5&:5:@I:V/QVUE9H78Q5\$54Q#0

:=$#N6JBLD:;FM@?
MGOEL7$



MVVD:B
.J:YFK6QKF 0U9*K.0JBBA090PGHHD\$
PUV/-$[XVS._&6OL8[VW+
MXR)@TCG.:&,3#&(T6R2(0DI)*)D

MSS1
M?:ZEU &G








/;7IHPG?GVP 
1!I^T^F1234D! M+^A*A6MK)D#L3*2:W*= 9K
MHLKSL:T-S+&B#YL'3PPD2U
/8+I^#1@L'A!1696X2J-P4*P]?M+:B*N@ZW

4(39RIX_!K;\

XBDG#4R[P1TR8U[Y\
*H-IO/LL5T:._GJ#W@/3^[




1#)O
MVW1EG_4'G
K)2RRV15GGU$8](









M2C.


M7VNF']!
J0@#YJLHR$*:!BK+L!\B37RI\CS5T5JHW+]0V;E:J'S^A/

M]8BD*E%)%D;P0?#L171+Q90&413X8-WPD%(JF

($R



^[QWB7J)12KVN<@(B[. 4#AY

MX
6;I?E=B_'9)I3KO'$-!-: .-:EEUZ!DZ 0^:+-'Y=7YIKS!J^AR9&FZ3





!QVA
N+F7 ?C6%GQL:LP#+

VA*E 9H
M=H19



K

1D?%K%SRXIA.CNFMH



QRH)Z4Z\&A-3]9*8JMVFE_O!^H:+1)#L)U!
M:\O'XG3GOM33C.IIQ;'YR \#-WAJ#M\!.I2-,1/=#/IUQ']-G:N3KPG1[-
M/O!6X.L!L;2VS0#9JC4#+'6/Y[SA^VVD
+;]V(;^C!H:M^:*'=52+[?JFIEN

M1I.
JEQ+BE'I7QPD/G*#+*O-L3K4DZ\%#EL]R!NT?RL*FV\M_
5&DI]D /G=
M^7$:


V2]UOP$5\&^NOX+WK^%M]$=ZL?@.\61-ZXN


T]
&_J!Z @%Z

D@2I01/
M:)#[P'

LW^.8-V^U2OML\FSIK4NCN


M!'


Q#_L !;8F6FSWV



M
MT9*'@ON)+V/J!^#X^$FJ&4T%3WFF%O 5W8D
ZH$.1@KT3\6KC^7)@][?N+D]
M?[+9VI/.UO+^UNIZ:TU/KC*0$4:^.\\.7
)1:;&(C6.'TMM
KE7@0
KIL
E2


M\





I]WPO)L6/'*]42 T5Z^T
MX+NDQE-. /L'VS(\SIB25*J J%QP0C.*XU^3E
29]B


6V^G.@R2.
M;B #F^&_#27\9(I_30EW10E'.Y?'J2\TU5%$! @#0F'[7S 22Y@X[7/0';


MU&=3=YNQ/J^?C

M'_NARH-(21+F*8B57'$0*QDC2O@
A'V@$[$0MZ*^S$*?13(. E 0D9 ^* B9



QD*H I;%0+TZPW$LH0_F!$V3
M* BGO+ 'Z+@1YM-L/[B8/S2C1,UU=N3F8'&: [PO86ANS@J7YJ?;9GTY8P
MGS?I


M6) R9!L#051SCD3.L4$%4XA;-G-?L6;6G=









M

MK=B= 9]

177@S-T6LD1U3/

MKFO/*HWH;==OK.O^;O:H;IUQ]5^];3/5908MORLIA*[_4#@


SM+V'=AX?O-IT.M1V
MA



[_6)7X7\)[;VI0 (K2%


&-VUBC2



0=M\
(Z'U57FB]


M

U:SFMB.VN.K&BP-;'Y8TW:S: P:1VLC$

\QQ
O[!PJ_UR+)EHF68X3]M;U[!C/8
&/W

M1

M%*





WMQD.IH5#H;
ML3;M3R8X&!6Q+;O56ATK#:TOA]I+;/+%EM0T0:7ZTW.

MEM=?^8V3^#*(59?UHXWSCT&QUQWH1M?ZE0D'=
3S2AF_)DD[2SCNC\5C6E

MWPA+&H&=NP

-^LNT (V4R+

MW37D8/? ZH#8H

K#/J@L!7=8W45
\X'

O47^
MUQC#:/L49$=Z_JC-JH:OE\_L:5ANQ8$#\7=V_'/JY39EMYSWN_V0+==JQ3







MF=M\6-N!R3QCYO&Z)0[
Q+9JWBOL]4W:+1D88W]\
4!UU=9]SQTZ:D:MJKF7

X; PM6N-NYW]GQ5EW



MAUKH;

M?'CVAY

K)NR9

M.?NNRFK!%IS#LH1H[


W!=9+&MJ=:UQO



M1=/JBAE]-XFC%R_!2Y&NL\**H:$10V!-V.(TXX2FIY-;4$O'QAC(?%:UR#

+9SPEQ8(B&@










_A5U%X=P6O2^OM
.];:^;EWE]L_



N1GH#=OMF'F .3
MS







MV

M9
V[T
SW;H/:]8#O)8P0$#]X@(QP*
NS^_4V'0G+(:A7HV=K#=D







M0$2




M(\J/_%3R7


-@
:C'/CBOVYM[5S@ !:/5H\.'?&Q&*4VT*TJ;
M3T

S/[HF ;)N@8&/BTF

#8BJC2J [\Q+[P.<K!7]:3JK%5*3]=Y$%]_IVG#&?F@9')2B(
M+#^($?<Q4R$(A*!\N%OH'WH(


M2.
N6
LYKVY%P*DOLB1B61+D*=6!YDP6$;S- ]SKD/M-A:9$&VK)1^+?]^







)+C\@MB_8T6<
MAY2;__SS=_E+VQV1=PK2IR_Q#C'G:7-__A)_J@/WTF'L+3

M7#8C
4PSM]!.2$Z
4




(_9ON@G+@+D

MFT=S*S/G\29'#SK)T619M @]WC9P


METJ_OJUO!AECQM7Z*CT1U*$)I-&Z] 4]J'R&I5=]!_YJDZUOL2V977P'QN)M

M12(_!@


;2;+V7U&PYYQW)D+%

MJLHGG\S*R_8C'F7=/.:I





<9)3B&I$SP;FC#T
M0=Y#*#+X+B@<\']U$].JXP*HEXH1#GI1;2

M*HAZRF?[:0&

1?\%B%
ET7%*[!Z2K#:'?
I

6/W\%#CU&MPOMS9LBW(=






Q$ O+P

MV


.T
=+P)/


MQ\V84H!?[Q[&W&U3VYZ[&GCT#(.R0KQMY8+CG7:I *X&JHU+^K\O&S-L=KNV


M3V*MI'ZY]ETEV$\MV&.[SF+/K.


MYJPIH;^ND
A71U6W








%






Z#\D4B







MCGAN$(JLC1EA&PH1-*7);!$,NN=;B$@1FQ7W)%716T+F

MA


MVW;V[C=^1/FG-^5[ERUGXS??&@3XQ?YQ'#?HC47/WEYNVKM0K]X;6MNN3[7R

W?@B'951E*



'3UB$DH(


 XYX
03








M

M
4+BF-2M^

$M&@ISM 5\8JOTQ+7E@:E%BX5%L]UL7



3B

M2<U)@ 4#+D6<E; TE7-+&:6KM4BB/M9WI?=05S;V-KY^'[OX\[^SM[NQYE3



.]]'VR4BM9^^E__J&!7?_Z[EWQ@OSZ


FMFL_%KZ[5]$&68_T*&04*;O7)?]'(01NV\



JAH]BXRUPAK*  3C:@Q?DV5M_E^E.%!CNYR]?#SX?B-U]
MC^%^YWOO/O OI[LG7_9W+G9/MLF7K:^X<3&3[O3] !CRE],_C[^<?6[WS^0




!R2+&R



MWN._V





PCJK0T(!BP2(A3VR5%)D;.)6


M#GG1=:%

7+KD3$[4R
M!$EP4+D\@9-2!JZ-2H)R1N30N.1$/$Z^855P9@[M^M;8]X?8,.M9\@[97.)





B2@6$

M17I9)Z@PN:R)]@OT-[Q3%A


=-C_





M+

_7
H+W




M3K:OGLC)^%_8:*%S6K
KF;
W3 ]I%B(Q'OL8(6[JKETOH*+;+#*TKA5[$$\'



&&\T$2RO
[P@\-UQM4Z+VF=/QT&YF-R

M 5

JDR/:+VQ_'5BC81D%



MYVLH$A4S'2NJVX#9 8;&P
?BM[WM=B_RU_^VK4'



M5F


T3-^%M
MJ')8JQS6!\EA?68Q:/.#
7[/9*^@H?E%;@@.#*X\@ZSR0E]%7NC*^4YA(VZV


?O?K[M;.
MM_]\;US& #=./-\]/]3!

TO@GM;!)8(F(=0]RRA(P3$EX%2X5E3#D&
M^

MB?S1W\O%K(!L(2 [F 8RXG7DD@:DF!:(PS^1



W5(]4+KI#T6
M8'V=!BRJ:RCU8A+DAG7B%'<PXD#%0*EW(!XE
SBT[4=&HQVPT7TP+ZB0T
MZ



+69_LKY;C8PZ\*:M^[6..C&,^OMUCC
MH^'RQ1B7/YPWMG8.?#-)*QAB@!C#-@9 -GR)@4G*+1!(X+79S*.<S*M:X

W
*S%=
W



YVS


MD?)R_TC+BH8M)+!;

41%





9=L'S;4
M&K0N:O2R*/YF@=I7QG:ET=S5UA@_[HH1^T6/C4&K..1JMN?F7BP*W-Q[J7CD


%WJ0LY6X*RY6$+-=2W$?I]DJ[_95I$C]O$X


J[;: +3:E68B
UTW_IQ0XC




%9+7I%[8(:**:LR29CHQ+
MGG0R.D5-HD\X)BR'S80U56CTXA[.A??=CH\Q]-YV.Z=;P$9AA_0'W;B71KON




MOS9/BM=K.^W:J'/BK -YY(Z^E
K2+5Z
)@V 5V5/1R=K1B!9^7GA@7M75.NU


MT\BHDSBY4V/A2OAO(_Q'WQOGAR11X6.2N1H7#_3%#EE*&+*$EV41Z4TS^I


LKJ
;:_L?-M9_S45]O
MD&OGP\#/CYO^^ ;H@_WU=S
SM0:Z4#U^*3DJIRM^.VN6

MOQO'1R39\Y;WQU'3 UEJIGY)+(YM_NC4G@!#;\(J^_Z(60T7/7-XHG[MC6X/

'7][+9NRU
JQ@N(*]8DW*=2I.C$K!


UO
:#O


US; @F-F637E


^UL!Z.7KR


M@TGC



M8^^L4=78OV4XDI(B51B$7$J,3(Z&25S5UK/4M*5

WG:Z\#3MWXMFN_YB8B/F5GZ]'/#\ GJ]
M/[T?ITTJ2A1






%W7\0&-Y.*?K^-6ZP


MO


+6$2JDL3[*M0W!5JG\Y&LYH1I:

4?YLDH$+D/HGMAW7T%N



 SIRU8H%^V5LT_7CU
MXJW?X4NV?0'SXENVUVNF)DS9?ZT^:ZU2N:?0]
M_CK$__:MM/YO!WDFKM?NY

M[[M;]RS
D#=8$5$!&\D/3@=E;$6M/U73*0[%;M//BP&YUJ?\=)(U?):
*$7+

'C^7O]
]C




&N!'%E-









M6\0YN9FI\@X\8[.;Q;WR0P[]D*2QM7





4!(

%Z2%12F!N

M4 F



M  /S@N?
.!NP0)9:*[4DS.;2C?





'S+?;6.&6K
M XKS@*+H\=6Q[9O
-N3^47H_ 2*TM94 )K!O/AG&*&)B6L]U@)5N$C54L

MQCCZP/)N]2Y1QW&V

M%?F

6[X[0$L\[15G85D77)Z%+=8X9C)*(^^;SJ;#\N*3-[%?*Q


M

A19=M7TGNN5 6X[_Q

M%9^X[$6^MIO6(H_[NN8




MND[NWZSGI39

)O8^=5JCP:R'\

%$
_6V*H0XIX(
;:U
!-4.I&0]!;8


J;^@J$?!5-DDK([R/D8_O#!^(#Y199CRT(.0$A%S0@Q5.*




MM
2\9V
2E6@V 8 5[T7]KY.FD)28Q:%5 @+%1 8$0N.%A83[15G%HMEA[V


U^EK3[VU@OM/C)L[&Q +^V4XJ^?XU?





CR[7F#FG






MR'KW\7&(YC$I

MU!Q./_ZU#YG271Y23SVCFO.
Y?8#C.N4F/4&-GWLYF_!D.RJ#*5VW
U8_X\F





M('M;?\%W_7

.-F%
MOSL7LRY-&-O^



M7*


KD\MJ:.JA#7MLPJBZH7*&N55A[&=-0BII7J8T
#
MD(_+=W9COP+A8P

M/KFN@_Y[

MXUXMMD



F4Y^*'=*WC?_M<!*
M.^E%M(P;:REW@L#B!A<5_ET

/#]6AE5#L#\









/%QQUA TI*O(J?



MDGAV)]L=_'EA8/P1C]$C[IA##MPZQ%CP(H
:$6QM@V%9U^1^%M73G+DEBG 5
M

!UZA!



[

7A89U]+HQ P6SC@9C62.%VJS

WR8@%+
MC
)JHZ5RE@/;U?!_REOA+'7)!EJHS:IBP2VUP2Y2+Z1#BGF@-L1S9(W$2 5@


T2 N5 ]/)
O[*NYO-VXSC\<SW\G3-XT8+U),
MNB#&LB'&T9W0!4!X:1)RFG[G+@$4YZY!+VWBK!#*,Y-,+J=&&[V$MS:+W
MR)LIJEQ@9 EA9.PP$SB?6@J!.

# \\# +0G2+)]R P_*Z)CK


J4AUXJ&0N39V*

M&&J\U#I;7N;6=8[OIX[49E6_X]3D$X9$6J$YB4Q[JJ6+.7PB

M\#+.QGGW4^'P8.G%))!F$J\LD8Y$14B&GFN;


$4*#
M-5HEO-@%;N=F5V\W_='M'/T!0QHJWMS?Z_X2MUK]LVX_AMWTG@WF5BCR^M-5







 \N6^?'-Y
RZZC^5
GN

*ZJ2(E%I'GCRPL:4

M+8


M+[9=291_.8Z +0_.VBG^W]MW\@;1SCM

M6QCJ\XI$G ))K;5;WR+


$2':G961RBJ9L;.2#.\U:M%Z.'3:DK#A$L7



*Z4$!]D

$;:
M10
&K9E.3MH@Y.2X6LV)



M#]/:.)6E1@5\)4Z6!A$-!;\+6Y9$?)!;O&[V]-Y8=*!=6=&=0&F]EI77CKO9
MC\LN&WA6Y[V6NZCZZ3;F4)^(E-UZ@_FBOR(X=.T[
6?PWYK=WOEQ;;.:
'8L

M-M3R77+$
7]UWOV#5;9ZOY_=2QB
&<K;[G:


&I


M@.;E8'RKD]J5T:R_?
S\I4SDUYL-A*FQXZ'5C$;I+YC@%8L;].ZH#^O#J$86





3!!89B/







&9<;@Q3C0US\<%@%[ZQ!WBF@;D O!.I[GGD1
M*1!-MC!=GR4J=EK
\V6)5+'=1=CN.(=J'AUR+7V()B(&GB+8;XC@*%J.@L#1


M






K]TAYR'6;&&ZE#PLBZY$^[

+\0PJ&WZ8J4HEN[Y?QU*A/D!9)::'*4XR3
4

^:[[^H[ISGYZUD6^UA0M**!TD;PSJ__S5)^L
MSW
3


M;4/K.I'WMU!7))]Z^2GYW1(]MX2\7NO$\]=V2M\2*[_SI7 3CUK?T3&T*'8^




][%S'<+0/2/3^.
MO9H?K&.U]A2Z]?3=\)+W^#[S'E\A&7OD)UP-&5D)E,R()F.!8.P-9C!P*2.




&YZ?=K#_DR
MSY:3]R@Z]-A
F#=-AYYUHZ3PG3DLZ]9U\19X:4@&[(E2Q W62!








*

QX(-%J8ZR30MG @R+F
M4($/6$GO5DK7
'4ZN5JIW;@[CC=]/4WL=SZIX D3&HUY#;!*L&Q,(DSY2T6
M6EIF$M$F2;7'KB.:6UR6#TR ;? R=(@(@ 4PS@7





T
*/KOS;7F7 ZZ]*9/IZ_WH?-T\.3IHG_O)@




88ZA500V?S(35F


;^


L2Q&$I


E\)5ND(-.[998%MA8!6Q.\4IADA-$2

=0LM



MQSW(@A^+P8^K\=772A@F+1)2D@3$!5'(4680QAYS9QVLSF)M@S\*.HKM+-7J











M#$A$ZIR0)0I%E&CBTACV[/R_V.Q3;':
_FO*F/ F82!/5@KD0&C18QI++W5
M/F9!;.+O19[?0[Z7^SW?8[GOI# PLD10Q-8@G:I%6.B*K4L0Q.
N#&:RY


M2R:6V/]

X]5 :4G@=+^N/@,'$F8HET@GQ














P4E)2^E (9252O_%

 IFAS%Z
MVMQ+8\03





M0#';)YCM74? 8)NE1)9XBF0
V0TT$AKQ45

M%1.^?TS 





1^0)#TIR

U5NW=5/LUHWZ5C6LW[LF^/ZP)_WA%



MMV%9.F[ 
G?PWV/L3__3L7^:B]V\Q-'?H(T-:.

MS$ODQZ_LX


A$1NY5HM 'L[R).Q=@$E^W-W=^G/GCS]J


MO_3]-%8\ZK8_V97]:5;%_8].B0L-_)FEBH(TN[WSX]IFM8S8![
YWT%'[.06
K+84:26259C$B


T28(





9N@R3&(^4LV&C^S1&*
G=&PGU+KGQ[%7LR&GXE<ES^NU3GQOQ5Y?




(&.41D)(;@ [A4UV;8/P.I/WU:N?U[!*'/])M2^+



ME\P@39-%Q 4)/CS#U@6@.;JNR/ULI.)=/.LJ]BK.13&Y9_



M*4*N&*RXH#85U'Q5U+SK:GIO-(U)( D#E$^[I%PJ6.0ZZ(818;DC.3]-X3I=



;9[U


-KM[F7E
';[Y\BWN_W*
MFQS/006GLGO4:5U7;]3@$Y5=]Z'79YT]+#CN5& 
:\UATFC/#
=*.JNE$.JY



I$RT
J%X5ZQ@+1\1.]O7'$S3P
M72;VPM.KD)[%3Y[OS;VOAR:*8(4V %
X()Z41DX2^$V09(.00?NXM@$NG)@R



M'-D;+8(#*[ZQSVEQ2MMI07?^V'0':_ ]KSV_=?1$NR7!2




7P]]7F!S]$H]:G4[N



M
;

-D+WUYB'73?Q?G#EXQ!@
^C


M#YG24QY23SRCFO*
@QPZ( +=P1S_ )



M

$8I+:C7P,X#?7#V/_L^#J3QNAM8W=JA0(,!7;.6KE
M;MZL,',Q'.!.,N8SBK?]1&^^.
8+K(SL /S*K5R1.(/P*UP^S2#AZGFSQY\





MY(413@HND\GI/DK7R?SZ7Z6PX$QVN?E

\V'FY'=W^
M@\/Z[@O;O@A%KL;C!QL+'WLK5
KVA9:;3^.\6/BL 6HC2L0DQ(T*2&NO$7=1

^5G
^98]
ARM2CXBP0.P1YL(LBI*

2

MSQ[WA[5&\7LN][[X#EINB%\VYC8)ZS#9RT[%?)B^/\[5G&78Y)J
41 #F.XT


M85B=JOOY1_=KF8#)C^]TC)6Z\(
.'Q[FKTIIW#O13RI

^5@Y(=5=F'H;Z=3
MOSX@9J,+O#J/@S/2LV2C
;# FV\HCPXJ4

MYWBP 3G@@$@'P8#:2^:BK$0HID0;1J6:FM5!_LW*

\%+
MX%@#UQ2$2

M0R74\!&&Z&RG
[3*J:(-DS;\CDWVKNA0+O0=G1;2*(
B5\ (:*Y HS%'AA$/
CB<+K


\L];]:U;%OS

%^U:=D2K







MXB119/GRM*P8^



MCY'7)=



Z!!&7H53C;





MX(P@.+9IS( &
IH4PI:RS 

&C8


W)KP0).T2L$9I(D#
M93A*C1R-#.6@0D-XKOEI
P9RO# \\ ZM!5Y2Q:&J_#%
B-V/C5X\LB!DS)
M0^_/5RY&ZK2W+=WM

T'%[+I?QS/\S0J_57-










M9)@(E:T#MS=ZJD\N%##
93QDF3
7'B3+C
KY)Y8HN.Q]
UU^G 5SOPJ!/QWL

0U;

 0-X4?&&R8&:FNB


]L[UXT






P-9K!X
M*2.@00Y@QSV%

F(&T#1XG(%(% :.]812:D8C52
MQ8I)92')1!'CQR 3.:9$
V
8CL@0$Q'LAHBTQ 81)F+0G FE.(@Q;YJY!=75
9T#B%M-(4X4@2XYQ1CW-,E%-(^85E#(/V7EFLTI!SH*<
MBT

N!6K$TDJ=*YB0IZY@




7[N=KSG4W?=B: \:



N)P81QZE

((59]^\K

MK1Q;

M;OTBN \6WF^*0DF@@1D@@/!C;G'M *MVGJM)7$26@#OME4ZB55\7A(A/?#

D5U =]DP&H6:4(\DUL41XQ93.5K*Y'
H+


X1AQ%
PB
-/I'/T




/+#G)'7%08QCPEZ



9SI'+/

M5
FSU089=*LW@)OV0F
5IB4C3'9\?HS]0=6QZ.JT-7[)7_A__D=3BG^[^F;U
M






D'CJ

O=-X=^;/#=0SM/#GN=#3DR@HSM

-



:^-)..ME#W0W)1@+


NXT0(HUE7<AKE[W$:E1S\PG&/\C=O


M_[2$_#D:Z







M)@*E])6)G?IYT)OTEMF/R
%2?$'5:KRQG3-[WE_Z]^5&3NUC=&4.KS[^K0^9


#Q


?+B=SMC3UKW1MW?[F($\

M%



MLAL.LF8

MG.R8F4W;\BY0K8('I=IQ;*
C#&

MW^Y_.@&&&K:._X9S*V_0_)3D FX0?75X
YU4N2$VMW?VC(@T24\0UR[;=[A'

AY0E!
7
6$J124 XK
 T(8-4Z8%(42G$L'%(DQ

@X
MC:@3OV8]N8(#%S
85

MIQ0:
J&37KMRHN[WVJ&+%CLXX#GQV!UJVTLO$IJR^-K.6



MV^#+7N!2B2@T\HYIQ+DBR'*I$1.





MG.

)U!Y=VZ01=.D$O

MTY]0@'0F(/730.IU+G_



$-1&

+;Z@KJ K4(F<HK@
M+QD#_
HH'I[T 





!ES
M?])X.7NU

Y/A/
M(



MBLNDHUY:D;A)R;PRE1X]*J(4SRB0.


M1OZJ6ZU#KSY[JO9:[F@%VK-A%JM:2475M9B0@**GG/$-4O().1I*#Y*NP-
ML;!3N6X*=;W+T?-E6I5


MX&)\3(9ZAK@D&L'^

@IKU#45'+

M911%;3S=F&2&4]ZW:_M?H;Z7]QPC7^M.K9?2E.$/==O]W,!K&X:5M&JD@ZS
MS-P[Z[D&-8U:V^A!EM2#$N*84DQK-G$E13#DF)X%W7SW6FO!ROQYB[;Y4&Q
M\(]12?KU#/+FJ\\I)G9H





M;


M&0D6)[JI8


5J6


@K7X)I%MH/




EN



ML8C
L9B;I .1 +7!:62#B0CX1@ 1U5*Y'


[O
0



T%MPO
+



M(@)*!.(LM$%&68*

/.M/Z&R4B5C(Z9

VR_MGNG_<9J.S0;'V.G
MVO[3Z,J ^O [)]C:CM<FH *(R:G7'&Z
:-8#J

;PQ&DQB\CW/RUV0CP;1C
%3SNWP;(

M(.-20(Y)1XC#AMA8564F-T1\5

M)_LE(Y$)SCG&54K2+ZU0VA0W=



7B41:8
HT



N0I
M'UU^^Y9KDS:5[3HX7M
T;=[ZH_&JM<



MX
6=

ACD.)G*&
&NBUBX4QG9GQO8:NJ@/N\G=F(XS=@-/8H@O
MXHI?6=.Y17-ZWMS#)BY^6N?3@FMKVJW)N$U8)H:<0%Q;#&R@E#DD_ )SD8X
M.7W5MT;

(]/

 1Q'3*^
V*)\\A0[Y&4)F@')! 6#^BN($OO%)KPD_<*^/2(#!3/X&@\LG%_.1K2+$<

M745[8CP3


M9
J#IA*EC&B.(N8:\8 9




MDKD1)_ 




\('5RBWW]WAA5\?K6CC43%#JI[T\0JO$

X1=V 9LKM



(\NH.GD(JZ




6L!VH4P7V1
MGK/!!YL)Y@N9A<\3SPHYAU6:9!NJ-QB&EF1&4D%P5GRQ?Y_2OKZ7D4V<^

. JOB!#
M::$_
V'E^MF?%U@)XUC[L!=Q2#0%@J15P(%8%


.Z
M.F5S$/*RJH=
/S\5*H!2;W?)S$5FEV8$[
VPGN4WAMCVJF;5 ).4X)XD)B
MI(DTR%CMI6
Z:CJ_TG6%
-1%OFM?NJX0B7G)NY_(^_?=/14\\U8'$' B$3=2

MFX!
A!R&(1@!]9
1ZFH&+D6^7T&AND(FYF9K_#:R-_+-0\_WB



O


DQDS6J %_%^!1Z:0B/F).X3!\W6

]\W


F..F4(K'2;$!2A&-

M8SF8:R X_D)P8#VE)9XBJ@

LXR;2DP+J;S1KLB

7HW/J)<I
MY8M4.:N<IX^5KG&VQR-P3:H]HIZ#IAM T]7481-8A0G1XU@2RN$+M/29J:T
MF7GMGWP-;69VEC\M#]T]+A['U![\FI-UQ@75X@AV7UE[F=N/RT?Q!%TY+ ]L

MY=(9C7.N^-:,F0H)T@(QPSF@OMEU;$0SJQE;8VDCT(SE^?BC3/V_/Y;N


\!



NN'9+*Y26








%ND]JGX(B)OF;B_?RLX34D
+:G$IX#A0C2

DM Q1P\);
$5!2J\-CP

]@UNVCT]A
M)K=.8J^BJX6?W@,^)EXN2JQ)-5DE

M H+'\[/;.2%7(8.%#+X4?V



BA





V]?.@-Q[-B=V/R/6B_8)L@L&^L9TS



P

C8W8.
M


M
VJ]#
I9E1*+#&
_/-+@.S&L9BHK3#!62D-\!+48


MG!YN





MWI_V\I9LYNW5BXTSVV_8T::KH

IL((01
F H8H


V\A]
L\6S#


MEO_/

M+G@#RH
:=M(=7WD4.#Z\$UR7BG\UXMA0UE@]Z;4[#5)=G2U75'Y*S!MMX

M:#PP[1[(&7SVO I(SW?I170$=SWMQ9P/DJ7]@@M7C+YM'9#^01NF.#-F(/&I





$D6;7=9X
#7F7

Q
UKBCA@/'+:
M





MH0S=Z5.E*KFO?NO?N




IS@\&8.@8%GC=]\C/G#


XOU$T?^Q?:
M9N4$R


2$UHA*894%%<MZ<C5ZS_


56
M QQT[$D_OAG_\MNX^7O[N!+JZDM7HZCA-J-86:.7!=
Y7'94Q&MT^5$D[7(5

M?_2&U)-A;/?3Q
S_- *YBL*^%!]ZAWS*US /^'H:P0NOH+?9/1YSMG #-O\R



M]N[WUMK?1__]OC'*8EX?M%;W
!&&12U0#J%&''.%;. $64PBHY1S;DA5WH;4

M)4E)HBP@'EGV:7N


MK)UI)B*2Q#$QBJBT(G??BL!$F$

M

MU9ZXD9


9HP\S@8%Y<XWA\6KZZ2


ZY:MG?3

ME2+[=9+]8W16F .^(ZBRBU0L]@[[#%*A(C@(P$MAF39A\_42/9?E:EEY[@7
MC]J#7#_EHI;]+2727IF994$3':.0[L_Z+7=*:SA^^&RK8]6LF#73-CU99JW
M6!
B)QQTKD MXHH9Y&02V0D4;-)211ZJ(H]J#NV;BW&ECE+]C$F1:KG*=43
M1L*55Y0[@B3C#O%H K+)2813C#@7-)LZ@)'24VD^E695/ZLVBR-BPA=JQ%3
MM*F'\XV9T5?U:G&('7^Y[/ZVJOEWM9515Q-V-1EV8#I_6S4==W *C5O8 M
MI]@)Y P!?4D:^ U07FBO:?*:N,=H!-O$BEJI# 58TEMC5%O&LGWJT+\88U
M--);CU*0&'&N$C+6&D2P85BP! N*_'&YGJJ3;&'/$%^;BU\Y 



.G;-.7 B2MA!1D:9KG4%CFN-.)):9:2]#KE5!K:

H\]DP97

MC@;IT]**:F)^O8%;
5B\&/%]QMR8(KXSB^\4:? 6)Q8



M


6B@





=LIVCM_C%=

Q5:<*![VN












M*


RE%Y70@'MBV
B0;VG4


M$Q^4]AFHVU_;V?\(S\Q^R5C:!8




M#]@3!$$ 0M1X9AEWN0(ED:O:S



MZ)7Q$;W1


Y


MZ
3
MKVS:Q6(
YJ\8R








M;JP
8V8NG9
+6T5A/$W.YXVQ F6\Q/M*ZN[GHXRMJ:.
J52_^Z[.1/KR @E_




611A8))9G!03M1]TL0:!C\J1C\4F=1
M
0/*X%\T,#@$8.5AJ5$@@1+=$B46I);ISS3 S^%EQH'V
8^5HM =)O#Q]4
M+WD;Y=L94XYY6:58-R0:)T7PEMA*09[2^-;*:+]+)M .Q) .S#I(:BB&)4
M!(T\HP%QFTL5$!=1C

Z!Y9T(PYBG


MV;W.WU] VZ2'4EJ0+4!U2:,\_6#ZJ6:3 EG026#P-+EBMCD!5! +Q2QD0@




B .@K
3&)@R]NL.9)LAR):-(<WUZV7I/F^!ICL^T<]M



M/:I)&U0[@4GA#8H]T H=^DO90XGK[UU!*!N+





MJ0+TAW^6=?#AZC_'F]F VT+@-I7N+G










8ZS;A#@;J . 6U5#N9

 R
M3BWR7$C$


083-EV7)4J7BB%KL?JLRNBE2%\$'AKWU//P/\]:)*P\V%S6H6 3
M19QX@4R*&EE&A)%8R'MM3ZF'TJPNUD?STD,C:RXEE;$#MCN5O-:5 H:*$0
MY_;P9PC:X+!($6H)23G9&$Q*RI^A,'MKN^=W #%WO='0&=MG7M3CNW9\@;



G]W)'##@H+9'9RVNOF4GN@


3JLR

.M;SZ6?L:C-R@'=JV7XK*=F=:S$80K]V+M?MK[=-:D6*(

\OZ_EK; W
*SN]!5KQ3_MX1$\



:!:\K7B__7.\GQ6

7
PHY)!P0%S/B_V]W#T#NY=FV74A_K7&O-

M/[TYF4E* .T-!NU\?-\;#3-_#&HBO'+]:@;?NLHI(#@(Y.$%N?9SA_7\1TZ!

MX5GL@$%P @MW- ^Z'9[N2L*W!$B& $=6(+1X5&^'G@JY Q/%4K5++A-%QG


R2[+4(JC?E:G_Z/-

M[RO\6:GLED8MO*$D*

T!


QV]BA&X1/N61;E H9Q:S4

[!;P


@W*9\O'(:;[Q6O?:X BTV





FMYLC@$%&TGM


YN;T[ X


M2VM=IUZGTSO+1D&9Y%E
:&8NG5
U




M;Y01 H

MQ[F;XWB

Z*HQ@.\QDO?#'LC^[A K]MF['G
M?




M

UET+EGR6*CDTDAJ4=26!NG



T2ZEP-





!375VED6-@ (2UM8'2=7*
MNM&K[


M_+B
YE0'IQMJB$YY

MVK

 _IE:CGE&N-YK6Y;A2L[9SNC46,]RVS]K#\XN^A=.WV[K#8=FS+)?+

G$JR-;9+CQW9V^+
M[GS?8JWO._<K!52R]5<#28B=NH6[S61_7\9H@:CSK!D_-YIK+KV#FZ B?S[



E%EZ19X^'6' I%K#@I'$V
M@96:

8LAC[A8_T






M\U1+


M?)Z*;E5*6A-'.Q-'RUK''PZT]-HYY1CS%NJ4=.68(

S1JRX04:66=S\L^
MRS2PT/8_2P&P9ONOW?[O6P=84@/



F(* 7&

MPB#*1+W\;VWC]L#ZA4OZ7^)PM8![!R







M6$2EYX@GG#T@3N=.A]3YD*1/
/V._Y/.')2+Z0S(94\A&-=(<#'XYC)I,\)LGD\,#1:3$
MAEBDI093!D?X#3,#9,*I%$E$006@#%_3LV7OBU, EQ)IUHK=5%4ZM*6)N+I8
M4



MX@HIS)R IO:W&-#WV._=1?B\/;K8.=_=.R0[WS]D;\&WUO'&@2!::X-X@+[
M'%X%Z&Y08D[[:)10#-Z9;W;FR&*X:2DR=1P11*!F3B6/V EUEI.WM3K:PN^
MY


TY@=@$;Y667NS/_\]%5SV /[V

MN'E*TTO F0O
1ZR(U1P SR85F&$L

M797)
 6?Y?)9KQ\&L3LMDC.?YAK^89*3-_K]W&XW\ZT[O[RD9N6-

MZ
_ISQQ*LCRJ\9
N<QPG4YQF;4R7TRJG.5<*&DUC%,H/-URW A
M,*N&YZBDK,+F$0^F[40@YEYU]:^N+ZL'G76A;-E4&Q57VYWP\A71QCU M2&

O#RM H!IAQ&

MEKJHXN+GOK3



/M+]DU
M0YA]'9LUO87E;1[6!R@BVGXWUY'_&LMTL7;^8_(AIV7"U#'JS0!Q^(:*'
M/%O

9Y:XDLHH+MR^3
M^
H

MH$BSPU
Y+X/-GK79B(O5!4D$H
A;ZHBA7'
ON+/$IRBI!$G2]G^6D-B3P^

^XNQB5!NE(%G
M


MW




F.9


+0QC.A#&



2S4H0%

MP

M)NVHCDR2G



JK
MIU$@SV*[C$K*)U'9X96/F.JB!/#EN+K:L.CV *L&%SZT/H#+:1N(:2W?650A
M68.ZP%&G4Y1UK






MC.4 
R#D\KC%7IF=6*Y2O2

'U2!1G;\D!QME8MH


HTZL1?2

M67( DY6EY]YV$/I?[
#ZB#D(=)#B28
!0Q0RVC.D PTJ8@]?LZM!Y4]19/::
.S;A_!+AT







MO0KROM
AQYSIODH]17MIF.;4.R.X9DH+S*@-%/#%*O]TQ6SJ6*:M\L@UE=3
M2N)IL6)[ZERFI2




M



$_Y[&RTV

7??-C^

/WK==U?[&BC9=P)3#Y


&A4C ='A4MW $_41

M(




YXPE9
1F41
6:.




4 L_A


RQ0EP GEZ_))5W

*ZWM=8M+N^
PKP?EL



B18



L


M.KVSP;OB6H:#61^VN^

JU]*%][@\]8+-ZMC307PW



S&; U908LDLZSR.GOVA&?[NER]+\-B$\MYGP6ULXWS<




:OK.M5(6:K'=\K


$CIY).P!
2C6UF7


MFFS*78T\TL$&I+6@W@AEC4PY$Q7

M6\F2%L$A#^2&.!C3R&'0







!XACX


*8!)WK]2NJX@0B.G!
M=Z



?T9)
M);[RHSHPJ
Z@!

[



)0
MKX,(28;;$$E##(]$#'O;!YQQHK0FR#*3';R(2.)1LYKK:R@EMCTHP*GE]IS
MK1J? !X/UXK?:EVGQITK^J8MCGJ=LC3TI2.GUZW+H5YJUW643Q'L




W

'($
\1T
@04:V&2O-H
M22K/M69
:@DW/'.T\1 0G$6+ 5U_&H!WVP%SQR\S56E!EF-&^N!)1*69#X^
M ?PZWM'7FYII6=-5ZZ]^8#DV1T9\WM1W;RTTUM!#0Y2 N]PXXF@S.@@C.

MCFM!'JM@
-FUL_0<OYM
_'=G
4-$[\*)CZ?8F(/



MNLD?#'
N$&/BB9OZ'O8S^UZ.S_;K[\\)IGT^TWO[#6X8$S)'BB&3(T]V$G
M$2
3N


M@'EJM
$D5]U9FQ
FT^!.@SL/ACO1


MZ


M*14L2YYD@[
#:D$3I8::@P=N

^<^U2;/#PN*GV=-P:1YH-)(1+T!4Y [ADRB!#%.

]$::;
8*\!D(+!FE011 GTN?1
M)0%)85(

94#'=TVZ&?6?&.]44@1YQAWB1B=DG39(
M\*3#T18Y7
ZV.3<
MQ_J1&CT7W[^XA[8=-7X?MH(;#0HF\K]4W:S7M@0^]\6^*E[6:-\L^SK#[<;
MMI



!:NI
V]
M2/$ GN'@*#(X)\\

D_P *$V_C#9O&[BWW X7@X0YM%FMM6J





MC7]-]VUOMM'


F)'9.6(0!#1!W


 X=RX;
M_;D]BJ$!61TCPHJ)[


M5)



MGX]XE(21A'!T0E$HNT3A0IPZ207&G&XD*/5QFM&4-=LW0'5


M#+A^!(CY21+*O_XHGV

MO_IW^Z%#T[K_.#T




MV&RO% ?7NIY7XG+.M=HWR(R\YZ2AD3?Z&O?SR\N9_(SW]CUI[!]_S_.YZU?^

YKBX0
&I 42Q6 E]2F4/



MRI






]

KD=/B C]V^!4KY


M%OMPMUR@E
'B2E.!=41

M $Y@!5.DF9$(DR1BT
IPI\$L7M!.


!2^=SJC#5%





MI;Y]9%W





FFE

LTEM::Q5//S1/CPTUS(FU!+$K F9IPURWG$4DZ.:
M8RVYNJ9U4\73SX:G-;P3*12L*Y,<*$/ ,=2Y#),AJ+;V#5+S[ +P[868(
M);S RN8F]!YQ$BC2N9R

8U[9.N,21\F;01*E24X&0L






I






MOM7IY2\J=2.@''A_
&*M97O]6K#%W)Y^UQ;K&0PDR;;WT


)A:32.B0B?$





\95M

[/;MK2K4GI7D;?P
Z4H60 HT[9K^E587OF3\&2[+HL
MI7;2S0#[/S\^(;7QNIBZF;6!K'WEX8K_]R\[SPS+.64=0KZ+(]M$;)5R:O[W
M/0]


N*KO?SCSFCNL,].*HZXD@H98P+! MA



[/=@#_-

MZP/_+







MRSW#W


M?_;#%ISI] '
2*QQ4&U::L$Y#CY8#+?\Q?U:+N_=17&3AH7_@&3]J]L)%QX.




WC\IWQ?4JE<:'BU8L9
AT@R*1^


M]MA*V&IS66[J-#8;ZZ'
+?8JUJJ?ZJ?ZJ7ZJG^JG^JE^JI_JI_JI?JJ?ZJ?Z
MJ7ZJG^JG^JE^JI_JI_I9^D/D8V7GOK/-;E'!.
['[:U/0N[781$'K]
/5_4O

5BA:)C-R'VWV]AN






#T P*

1G5?FENQ:U-H)3S
WKBEIM*1*H(Y?;Y-A<Q-BN5[9N4<M^I

]9J\H'7GA6C<Y$EY@XR5#EN&<
M0.9B3AJ





M#HR

MT2

MY_#+!U&_VL6-LUVZM[/[O?[E ZSM&.?7#O8/Z-Z;V7EFC9.#_6U8T[];ASM?
I*12E'O& I*1\09EL@28I'FT5 O?6Y$N8YZTO/WZV^\
M?CML&CSL0[34CT]O]^ +L?9) ]*JW$?EEG_*B2]%?LR[?QK-EYN!2\?)IU$

M
BY6Y#R\

M8(BCPC&N5N(








M

M#YG271YR=@246O,UV6,_Y]=EZ743KH9J_^GR8VGW@=B'&; YM%J8ZR30MG
M@R+F2&V\+B:YYAF:;S+,%XFX=IZLE]/\:%CM) N5X$PI$S81X:E6G,C@F*$F
M1&$5$8E%NK'DNA^.2*V&HMYI*I^M12NJIFDR]][:I
SJ\56
TFKF:0/__S5

[L%]
;CSF1SN-$[^<[4[F? EA; T8HULAQQK^<LAK1


3+)8 E1K%-3LAD
MPSK6


2$K]$LH6H(V-HX8ZI!
MW.O T)/E;


S
M9L[[SDHF'8%3#MA@5-LA-42U'0E.+*260M9@A;J;VP2L?UC.=5C/O$;/*

=*^CYP8:81&N9D3XL$KI+,/T1G%= 1+3VN:XP%L]4V
M!GHN/=0JF'LY

+9&R
M
^2G)\U7.%;AV-/&L0?)Z:A ;E4@-SD;S%KJ,-(%&,:C.)(LQ1M#KBH$SR







M[1;O!E;M-=]#O=FK.]&/(-/P&KVO-.-V[5



;@+4]M]BV'BM'#2^52).;7]
L+6+/HB&J]@K;M-L
M^\Y9'-^FWQE^62V-EP!2I]8$TH?_ J.T:_ZBVXUM?YE?^&:[H:#HO$U37SA[

KY&^'


M





3HERFPM1=P[;]PMH

;'%Q8L
MK7Y\UJ;E=@MP_^+X9&[_)Z1&8;^70N.TDP7<\/P'EOM%!E\@Z($KHS])-E@
M:+4*= &^S-;H34ZO'Z1*5I2PK6\8WN]CL]L$TK4FOW&@?-C\&UL)&R'E  X
M/C!FLCTW,+$&W]@[[T8;OZ

M=;\WR8.%L)YRS2S;W!X00S



MUVE=])=?
K'&[


17MO7-7O8V_C6U$X!/:&;G9S=MZ=:D

MK 


M$;57F*!QR.X&95/;[9#KID#KW

M[_6K#[2^[RE\#VG0S_CPM'5VL/]![.VTX/L^GM;//O/ZU3'.@??I:-W;J\;.

MCS23#G&G&#(R&!29YY0'%P



!I&
9O:'=PBR<T/6R

MP8V'+HE2203+KG/1]=DU6X3=+[HC[U^S-!?CP*2?BJ


MK5G

]GL


W07W









M?-IX319
PUO
3S8'/^$0N]'VXB+NN@V WZ_K^I



2##K


M57'1;!%=OW
^#DQNX3(X.6B%-KC_X.VMXJV9:L#R/4:W*&-+W\9;9.E[CW5;
M?J/;_J@QW$TK&G^;XP_4DWPGF
RSS*2;-W#)PWF7/R3+:@410]ECZ I2
H

QV9:G1

_LG7T';^P;:W67]]*NHG_Y]
M\Q /3_]^]:C:N_

M&?B-':Y]9\GROF-U_/S&M.R)U&;M.9ZX\
9FWLXXNT!7$






?0&U2D3@7E%GL=YG

M%417%F[

9WE/BNJU
MX:7C


76&215N$.*H



6EKN!%)P8UA?1@'





X;2HM7/%


M#
44_ZB 7T+ *!(XKA2=()@#E\A-
Y4V#O[S_(UBQ(5BNA^OX





4E:\4EXU@'2T9@XRQ(
M#TL1YSJ/- =^



8*23%QRT6G'6?(A

@WN[7IPNMQ7^!V
M81@7O/F[;143+C^=9
WZ5:/./EHW7S7M7JV6\20?-0\
MNI@$CHY++&V44E-#L'5!VI6ITXLQ5EU:#0#8]R(61^UPR)7#C:O=;SH@X




M]=CQ[;OZ
P8AET&ZWDS4Y6;!VV?J!EG%SCP;R8-%E%Z)Z#1 %E')2NI-3$H%



MB81'2C*WPN3Q#5I%Q4G$CN:9RIACSZ
G]AJ1\*(31!X._AL3\(]-I0[I@F



XY$Q9')B&MV[FTJBR


*.^YB\PP@YG22FHK




M3CFK7 /IGA_G70!X$19

:94X.(*::#?6$
/!V









1=[IV^O&CL'WQM7!^( [G^X__%L[\OA26/G*]_[

M7&_OO?ES6;]J4G:M+MQG%!



M9H8TV[4W61:\R[+@CT%2R
=B\$JGW3MI7M-;A(BQ^7C=5)^GM3G;9UD09M'W


Y9[A:L]NNV?$K&)NRW/<F8H#*PY\

4F
6J&5HO+NAGH%83\'
M87MCW5([GW)U.!*& 81Q'Y$)GB

7G.1CK-JI53$'ZB 63TG*LI5-)J%R]QG&





G_X]657:$!B$6034S&T
4JF4E7G.

#

G4_%?'+J1LVO5_&KIH8P30
&\X(S'8USS*IDK8M&

!19$1T64CABQ#+:#B^A_N\G



M1H.V*L?_\+Q:4#/LLV!88
$8A%%*:\9CT






8D,NVIEKF['N$2<W&3MHHUIX/I$Z%(9WA3+O(D+'4(FZ91<XXBD3BFEOC
BX#E59DZC(=;F+MR(&ZB1V.12-8\QP[;DMRLR5^IEP38V<-7*^!.1<
MI
TWP8PZP0/AG@

K5PTFL-B3\#B5/QZ^ T
T$'%%BN7PW6



(^]#PM7
0&ZG7!BK)
MW:0*4=
X[L=!IHW&\*#X PWM]T9


AK7I?[VNM(%]O=-=K4K$7F&__6)=..;UF;
T?&Y2_SQE #^-P






+IZ\N0AGZS1UMD_+8AA#





_;/F \\B?]?NSZLSI+I[['


HIY.)TD


392+26BKJ;C&2JJRWN!74F$7?ML?-$
M
Q24H@;GI!QW!





(\:0%LDK GU)[3PC7RLE7
M;Z1:#BNI]LN\.
VJ

B


MTI#Z'\U[IG2%




.-RP91/89YX3W#]9XMNF?$O+!!

(Y&(/_TBQ
MR1L^]2)YS3$%Z2

]]1N93O[O-].N[PG23OS@9EL


-R9%T@*$4!MH7%U G^Z@UO
M4D%^(G=Z(1:[[UR



QI2[77H

 



B

MF$2N*5H=5#GD&]W!L']2


MB@9T



^7G!S#
M:QX(

M

B4;O.0^@8(5L(^T'ZOS!IY#5 :^_DJ6))=

__



'7L&'QYDE2CK9V ^E#=N^(.\WJR_@1*^?] [
M&392F6

!R\;
#;^*HDTHYC@A&'&&!5BO*B$1







-;$H%JZE@G$0-+,%T5-9R$AB+$6#.W #_+805QD$-<0MG&3EG0T$.P

MBD62/P_LM]AP


MCY?+
J%JY





YJ#M]AH&JT
V'-A@E%$
M::


MSJ&I05K(B!QCA'%.'?;JU9OA03_&.7=$8S!AE&)J:J.BB3$IY!J\?F[K7_%-



EEIJ:R/B*AUF'WN#






M?

M%)1JE=/4._=@$S3

MQ-

0#QCZQT
M^#6!EA3S
0 W9%#.)S8QPLL(26:44=^'XQ

GCZV\S



 DNW;1



Q6L\]8;


M9&




M
^

-XQ0]WOPHB
M+9'


M)7/&:/'%?]@^6#X__GQUS=P-FMDR.A[Y7%;@V2J_^84O+/
JX?6+-ZK\)!
3


1



MYF!*L7&%N3[S-;;R4UPJZ*=6/S*-BKT=6_AT!CY&DUJ*^2X%08#(/+O$]3
$


M%=Z_GW?T7G\.SYN?'L2;?A
4N^ACG\T+*QOACRVU3(C-:2_SI5]R0V(_L%D@
M#V$;QKQ$\:+$//.TK6SF#8=EED\K._!MR+M?2 




13;*\3'85^4D





CC'Z?6IU1YFEF21^M%-%G=PX&%R$1_+#


VE




XNG_DX@6#*P@+8]5@0UBC#X.J
MZH@6BQCPA

CV.M7;L4:R4__+J
N;9Z907-4Z+M@]5'ZGY&D56+W0
MD&H4\LV!V]R[H33WI:I]

 H*RZ/L2S&N

MRJ V+/'X9%CESLQ@U2#&H\+ RTW7TEE6V0ML!TUC=.D4T
W
.9T]IL&)*RZ/


M]*?REL:B;42Z\W*U

/'].85






M(DO

OLO
MJO8C_]H@]U[)YYG!IFS$4839\L&4:)
I
)_@8#I2=]$;-[+-FY-V'[F3RDFL

M 5$ON7#

M-+X<M!JQRKMHVQ/ F]/+:NP

M&\.
4@9R1&IPT$CMWFGA36^W_G

#G
M3G=W-AGHO?#W$=]^OTMV6Q=UC/VSO9UW1[N=O:.]M8W3K;4/I]OOW\$:_SC8

6X#P




MI@RPQG*:E!

M;,Z,M @A.NE%M(P;0!$.R &T%UQ4+ @60RQ=5L2,!'7A/APA$BV
M=_Q7[FSD2@040J*(IR20 6


#7N%I?I]9WV-7SV._]
M'
T^OHOUH6GV


MFJ8MFDYVS.5+!Q&
F2+/LAHB-DU0V27?'6=JMOH38ZITI=E.SF\9C-UN [!O

^;;.Q_$UL[^5^7!K&0DCWTW.@]X9<@1
M1Q& 95

M%J$KC4QKLQ?-WV=$=6.'XVSGYB(!SW9ML
7L\W%ZUF@5Y9?


)@K:*

MW  ^6=!/SMTL
BS:H' 4#)+[(9ST?;Q
$[SSN
R++.P6=6'W
BQE60J[KU6Q


$R_?FUAF_CQKKCM+

M_:4L7\VK*3LT][K5X


M]LV)ZK*)9\XL+_ORV#*S?


K

]!3/2)XRL$=XY')EG
MX:*[9FDA)?5R_ZBB*IK(.IOG
3[^I

W6+8
M*PJ9RI$([FS:


-T%:G9IV9XH


&UC2)RU\A;\OO3VN.L.
WLYFT?]V7M&:[W
M;-$]FR0]W(1KYY
AO(\QI1\]=CNFX94/O61J*OZQ+VX+=-5/V0?S^I&LQ.+0

N

M[XO;M- C3C]:/]]UJ9YM@2173YC!.$KJ$N-11I
TTSXWW5112D[OMDK@8_P6

@P:=NSW)4K5OITK;O?+GX.]


Z/AWN=/UN[A[#V'0_WV6IM?=F#^^X=_/M\


M[A^VMMZ.82MY(2
G&NFH +9H##G)WR+&5






XP@VT)O9-<-KAP




M6:+:I)J)GW3.?LW$/\_$4^81U9H21CB2&FPDSI-#)A@@8$5X\IX:D_BK-T(T

-S]EO%C]

MP;Q*30!



$TIY\VW7VMG[7-@94[!@+?.6.8MUTQJ+I


ME7$]QR3J0FW&+M*74B\!Q2)KXFYA5-2L_%BM/[O+@R&: 0-;D


F8C )D



@Z9O_=?W?WLQ&_*8^5ZT
M9:Q[3?3EY6+%2ZUNB-WA:Y0ONL#E5_I-[I#]BZ]ZW1KROR/ 8$6@#9'KS4

MRDN/M32

]7/_JG4[
.MA+Z4&Y4
(C:SQ&

M#%8:J_ [/$


I.+(8U)2$



M?LNU8Q[V
AR


'FEIN(:?PUIK_RH2G() 8P ;/<LI+9)FU2'+'



MZX9OVU;G!Y;( A9%;9O





M2P5

0Z&T&


MJ9Q(-&5#6.GY#IA7^U3*(-VX:*?KOJI_2;WJ1W!OQ^^)B$Y3Y&B7!:)LI,+
MM




5U1I)(13B.#*D:9$

F0#\^@1,T'[9GO1_[;(LI7'0S[CW7RUN
M//6@7QJ'&0\DM^XVUDFA;.!!$?-5 9?DNLQL!K_-D-D=#O[W-SN/]U<+@SF1
MT '#&@ZOHN-\<-4K184IGA4V8WJ]P$LE*BJ7 E/!JN1,3KS44:G+/P?F%=1
MI8L(X84E40=0TTS.=8/K@@\Y4JD=









M!][;L\V&=%U-@JT!DDYEHFDU*@-EFA S4I^-HN?EK8MSEM%Y- 09 )AX0D


M1D4$9TQA;&M[[ZEQ^92])QR MXD.$6M!PW' Y=I+B8+++0)-

;E?MW8-.G/
M6WLUER\OE^ODM ]@[TL3N





M9:5H%:RPCB&F\Z@8'QC2SCNDE*:$.2;AD/
0.MV$@ZVY_/ER.=%6*1/SB$#*

Q
MQ3R.4#2YFF\;5T=5[M5*Z0UM^Q'+P^YBN/NSSA&^BPUZ-F+B5DU\:C&QM&)B

C3-%0R$@.U.'&LG38\B*2H9SZ$E$(=M;\;GV:/PQK.M]YOB#U8YU9G$^??
M=[_\T]JD'^AN9YV#7JV_7ZKM?7I@D_S\.!@]W 3[QZV.UMK1W3W_$/^_6 /


QDIQ38TS
FJ
I29&)4IU'5!_:E@X%5 '

M4EY;QT\

M7)YLPM* 2H.5Y5P&[6FP E-@=AFC(;7=]]2X?
KNLSPDE4A /'F
N D6F:A)

M^53C1*Z%




WE
MSY?+E8&3!M-$2RXYP=H030(!U15'0QV5M:WRY+A\(LN-
X0X
%
TPP)Q8A72



MX%X#N%/6=W*11\T



X RS.VRYM#2 .]MRJ6P1
]/EY;+N


F3[373!H) [4P1#5N0Q*B]S'$?P+D/
MBVCTXW$_#H#




6\$UW^!KE5Y:J74FISM:EJ75I
MZOUY!?[_]KZ%N6T




M/!67UT1SP%^CAN]0JGJVIU@:N ..1S5/&BG[A[JI [66K5/'ML!%L[I@I##%
M:-NJKH$#9YF^KYA8^!/[GFLM\.P:= A'2NZVB[ZJ5+-!9C7?PRBD#5Z&KVF&

LRL6V6JJ@M

W)EU8


DC3G_





TX*W5$Y1EF.

M](PW9-&




6VVI2PX

M:[4MTP:EXZI^F_9TVJ8:H[IEV;YO@..LVBW3G(]1\&/A&T&&[CBZPVQ%4;N&

MS)L.]73KU2_@BX&S/

M5%?O*3T/H-O&:D&:/=_*?#-;P3-


P6Z+8I

=0U41


'//P;1-;_A?1#1R V !28;4NL8
M:RO+LNV DHOMM?





.(6%W^








M-(C:


M]PV Y@1VQ94 ]!NZ$4VSXQ95))[H V&MI$/0L@&N/NYVLQ032(.T7SB( QJ
M\QA$_+


FJI1

MEZ98+U(XX9RJ=_D$AJ
D /M<#GCL-IZ@T)*ST0E+V(H2A@2 V% &0PR-;BV@?P9RL7
M#Q@:C(0%PTQ



@F[RA*#D.$QC[K[_8&[):9S#4%FQJ3C1M 
%




HS6
 ;A)PM)D8?]P^$T^=
M-97;^

3(!.&

4F6?3N)

MB;WWD8\%ZFZ6L3,BY3R^C2MHR)?+8






M:

O^P(NS_.B-:55;!7R
(\'QB^.-V<DHZY((+0DX1D6@0\+VC7 0


MOI@YVEBG






WG



M/)O'9
O$6M]8K L!YK*)$040['1*6JNEHUMYA=R\)O'D(!'PJ!3@9RW VQ&^
M)UL(=PWA

]38JQKF?


+OR=!
Z*HC
MFDF!Q#3EE:4$Z/(C,?SDB@DCKU
R-D9W(1R99'V(MG(-2NVI^2?






M=F!?:\




<;C;87*0<I![FJ0+R%2\Q@[

EQ

MW+9Y!J


MM+CN0.]JZ[M6DMLDM^T\@5%F%&]OP[M2-?_)'*N5@Y2#;-H@7T*81A[UEMI\



W[TN.5P?I

QOTVPP7L$
M2^)SB7;[-+IFV




F2KBJ%TCWXXD_5QK][O:
^!;70




6_#1FZ0*'\ X]E#5TS5UQZ'^JJV!?;8WP#79(\O^2_D



M?Z2WZ9JVNEYOJY^

MO::8O;:BM


Q2\$(*A*1Y6^



]B=X2+//U$O!?I+Y8I


QPO2S'Z?33/[K[@XSS0K#\/HZO)L

MR=I

MM\IR \W8GM@O

;_
MJ
CXI(OQRTKV3[22O2$KHS;7GWHL5]U45$U7+$71;=4Z&IOP8HO=W:C*K5YQ

M0\I'QTM+1?&


$A_^


_OL=

2-7.&Z=VW).99


VW!J\IHH<P(EBP*$-+


IO91WI+@PLUB1'.M.].3



MX[A%6NHW&G$



T95GHO2=WAI=E
]E2_3Q]$'B US.W46=-%(\L
M'R-Y;A=[P]:







M!*V
YC!.60=0


MWP:6&0X'9RSN)3AK=)TY6P*3%'.&8;
;=(?+1^.3BV?R
0WHF
_08ZF;! X3
/]\M;IFCV;IKWYYO#I


??U9MW6CQBT2^


MOQ$G]:74EX^B+V=[2$E]^0+UY2P3'TY47;_!E5'2O6)$6I^0=UIBUFM.;D

AS=J'#T6G*QAIW8Q



4JE73OHT2(J([-N8
.
M\'6BT0@8D]:\1/GU4?Z$A2S-&++R24@3?
2YB7





?I%M2%J[9O=D.@&IJJ2G

M-/ZX'?=)Q]']);4]TF94\ZA!7DQO0;X9U/U!9LQ9DF\.^V$^:XW&[[Q2VUF]
M
7.^\







L\7@V;UX+F!?#V'5WSN



M+]_ 7QO-\W)LLU2T.&_XJQ'5.X0



L03FXW3%G!5EGDG=^.S&2P8G4%M-.&1T?ZGI3W]I)$11(

M?GT*5:C5W[0DJHM*_^7$!0PL&O2-S U?




MT1F-E?:TUU9+&N$*] 7CN=4



\?I2D)
M?@(MN;D(=AX.I25K_D?]*.CTH#VVWGJNZU


CN0F?*:!.




MFXR&DUZ%3-RMFH+)\5



C^C'T.\-ON*Y@'&O;&IKO&+^DO#\LIFRMQ6K


MHBQ %&



M'NP;'8_L)V$:/E

M$12
H&0D$(UPV6JI:4J[/7Y4.^H?(W4PX==%\)YM/X['ZF#:[RFWO7YO6CJW
MKCC9_

:$7(@

M2!A0:Y;7M.I,P25SK]F$!'81@S)4*H*7#4T0 FNC2^HNW0IXI'M(I2S3=X

[7K

MD\M6
T?CQ#L2SG!8]0[*\




MA)Q-@_














(\!^0K
M ;=M%(VQP^H+'6





]C^V*Z0F
&L:7DE=P

DCYJDP\G.1
MG$.=WR4
 SXC93S]S@
\N&TQ++O6RJ22ZR_BTS0I+X)'

M$1




MD?;&_7L4**.%V15D'5(94375
N=FT(H'L'E+?SGBHGYSV ]JY%F:*M0.#G?P
M252IB&59F








_ K



C!

 1@/$0+M.P)[QU8R=JM.Q?$=L)A@ZZ[$O9.


1K_-'GVJ%151@M\3



M:&FT(+LAOWGE:
C0ZJ(;^V'BRMX) FLZ[^32K7Q&B_A#P9:PN_T$&X\9A+_G
M+%**59;5D]ED]PYGH*_@B9L8]N3^AOH:AE#N'

M%*HJ0QO7 S'T'$/G(!B([6FF=@OKR:K8Z7X 3W9!9Z +QJFD#[%35U9/XN[N

&YP:SS
M=J*$A:*U?W;.PD1?4



MW2Y

M$'$%Y[\J!RD2X6-QN-@^?_%=R8+59?4G$F%(^*^CF[C5]
-?H(XTLY^2
G\G+W&GZ[1&10R\RTA0FE/^##
;5
.JN:^Y!*

M4=E5KMRKVOO1J(U6Y1_AMOP:S*+R]6$AO7Z^4X+
77M_ 



M[N@JE:$]8O39='PW


+#19G@%JK[






U/VF7X)-N
MGT$ZVM784J @&85ET)2NX]N8NS457SZ36E2&-O!7F303=YV#EPWUY?P5.%T

MSF+
7GA/99&JLHZ



$%     @
M%H$:4\G-+/Q=2   M!8# !4   !H86EN+3(P
C$P-C


SGHR



IN^_^%OT]G?QQ\#P+\O_^C%]
.GV?CMN\4/@@F^^MO9

/M+C)?/GCO_WEW6+QX5]^_/'WWW__YS_B[.J?


K
2T)QC\6.
EXLSUW

W(7P8O1Z'.+X:+\8X'_E<E)#!0_3<
M$C:5AV 

8

MO
#W=W]?15H;SB^F37?\AK%$_


M*G($AT%!
CJIH!


TE*.$%.$_09



P3EN3
85L_ KBQI)@Y?

MH%HUGL&2 O6-,/).2YH]9B/PVQJYP?I73]OK( 


X7.I:Z(8G!#S-\AY/Y

)D1DN!'/)&-\%4@]IV:
YHW4P


#0S.0_SR=YM_'
F7O \4[R@8@C^E(6VVMAF;#V9+
+D


\T%-.Q:T
MS8ZX%9!?PO)*^QK/@\OGA0C3[(Q%I^(=U+%**2TNF-BQHYZZ# /B
4[+SE


N!0
M




S
M:1DO1HA(1SXQ)9G4





S6

MZ$)4J$%;H916W(1.A;X'LY-VJ$Z[!T\IC?6

@U3(NKD5=
D@!H /3





2_JG*9(

IXO
MZEH_?O:%N&AM-)XL-A59K11-M4ZKU*Y5QOC

M][T.NV=EM0OG2 HR_(-%$*56M 3G(&144+B7H=!^!-7'C/XV71N683XON#1D

M@GO0N/OQ4
WFS]ZP2\KSP

ML;;W%487[UGLY%#8A

MC?I5S\


MH.:6[Y9[W8[9!

ED?CVKHR;.


M B%J9VDYRI;$G!6V3_O6[Q#6)#_ID8]_-9W1$;_MIY






0B#C'7+R1:KLSB\T&H5ACFX2_DY'I#F
M
M.#P$
MM_OGG51*FF+)ZA'!%%)-C%P[8&Y:C?D7+A:'1G2P_?^^/$=Z)W3'XJ=&/B\


MSIQ&!\%'8E!MMA6QSN)&SJRA7?I3U^A 6WL
K!#G6LAHZ^EA.O5M?^F:#
M,406,_@@#&ULG4(8'5E/ID(.O#L^N1?H.HQNVI'4O!!)QP9/8BR3V'
DZ
M

DTW7XDFU(_36NT5A)

M=#7M5^/^BKP_@;;V9:NM1DN[+4%Z7_T%VM#%SS+8PIS

M;'=$!JBP;0? P;D-OAE%$J1/LSI)
R3K0$F3(2B2LL8IGTBC=@(/'W_I&;

M0BY'WQ-S
+P


O$;.&
M*6,P L]U]'F,'$(P#%(NUCFF(CZ8R#ND&K'N]L-@P-J[LFP3( Q3!-R(LJS1
M9%<0M*HMQ&VU?+RU$*0QQ:.0X4&A\,!NJMX*_C\$I+= PQT_\]^1.FULT)%

F1A4+_7XQ(V]EY&F%0J0H/@G-BH
(-')Z&0R(HQIQH;


M.;AE?O!;9?B@W([!PVM2-5II =E314]Y&-JE87N(=659^QR471JI8M.%'(

2/B;F

M_[61^



P)]O[YE_Z^:9=]/$?



MR!EXGDA'%\G&$&QMC;U/@*])]Y!JFYX_P'N I=U@W.6RS\K]K3B;[+3IH\A0
MU-@+
&

M/#XU]5M;J8(S@BL#S(4$2LE1]LK




AOL5X<%XSL63)#8JYF&F+668PAGNC3##.
M]T'7=O1N.%/Y3XN]/7[(S)KD']?T0[


MX;P&SW58K1YK!JKOT+86LOX!W/.-N=@)7=7\6'SZ%1?O:ECQKI:(5IXDST$B
MF
2)-

M

 (I=J^BM1)B*EP


'9C2)\O_


DT

6Q[V$S.N(5V4X.
LB!.UUU8E$


M3K$NM/%U& (4(XU3=
783FG1!U[X$%+4AG-PGA



M!G%#L F&@+7&;&QJIVZM5MW7I+[H5_073VA64DJ1-!-@DR!+/*?:
M-&L$H2

M12NIGB?M,<?%\  X#(DWXB3WN7,,N):D!&@B.98B02AF:9LSTZ+/7=N]\FS
MZ#CU;
[!1D 92KLISYFU#CEHYB


M5(S-SFC7I\7D=TD;0E1L 
AJR\+FWO%7TQEA_WJ6WH4Y$DG3]^^GDXO%-/U]

MZSQ/WD

MF-)J


FN=M9#2M%I80NJTJ?]






#TX78*RM8:.6
K&LF?%]
MG!XMJ!_2?;
OY!Z


MWX'H(967#!BE._'Z$.\WX+6QNR93[5':+T M T00J#E#07(7EE59^ZNNWH
M'5+:RH AN2V'#R
J;QK8?N(C#)Q
6N?!YH@DU;T$GY( '@


=EO.G2&CF-MX%D0:LY
M2P$RUN2%ZM*7EMPB5F" K120#LT2QOH6$(U-EF8R$D31J&#A%';SN&/-:
MIA1+)[]Z9VURR-;Z)MALJ4UNPNM#:Y
L996T4Y =4Z3YUD9@GN0];4V1013)



&L9#:\N)[-E@VA$(
W)-8EL[1K=
8@&I^A*
E-

\

M3OJ0 I5#!VL#YA\TL34E5

M@SYR/&25C 5/U@3M%JW
YRB@6!$8

ME+2T@B.GZYALC&Q5#IK


(/

MB6DIO)!]FKC]0R:\[@V06_%W[Q&





L!#
M
H'NWNQJ_


TFT8?(AC




+





M0.*NJ)K(SX%









B/I.PJR#]:R!M/E[A
98S%VX_I6(=U-;=B^XWXW
MX_O7;7%NEJ6B#$Y9$$95MR^WU9YG$+SB*DET\4%GQ#9\?TC+D'H:M^'[COO=
M)L1S7T=9DI!89(GE 
9Z$CE.%/!.:B!9$XTP2=NR7C/

MIJ5=7'\@):SJH^'J_B#)DPGIGS=;M;/RML$S6NMTVRYO1U5O8O!J=]&GD5





A6*M!!$R(#(
M
3

M-[I_F^2:O7H]66 ^_F.9AO2^_C1*&7F4PH!PH4;
ZB1$5*03
2-L88X9MHTQ

MU81_S6ZNU_1\Q=LAR=)]2PGKTL!5QN!*$&8(&-@U!
11NMSZ8/U+8B=UBW


M.SE11K+D8DUAP&F=I



T,EY6#\<ZQ*\^9PARLQT7OPIW-]S@'D]3] E<1!'













SFP


MB1!N@JDNW-I3?1'S



)FM*T(?S2 RYIJ\MKOHP;$C]E$8KUE_CCDKT\0?H


N-L.(S$W[@_






M:DQYRK:PVCVJF#IYRO$$T2NR:+/WTM =FG2W&7$;TKIAX2



%]6*_HA+$L+5?!2E*9ZY



J_7I/+[SQJ2
MKM0!%(TWNZV:_?1Z

ME@Y\V=?87

B%F5T=L&\:4
MI=^Z/AF!]ZG8.99[[[

MTS


M


M7S.'7HIJO5O:@I0ADIH&&442B:N84^Z^!1N3/=@;:Q-$?4M:]65DE[OMNR3?
M]7LT19 $+PIH
P+=PI%N88


MAJ)PFQ-[1@A$4(,=,T[[8+E*O/0:2[K5O0.R4UX0)!MS+K#P6S9-\JF$U&

M4NIT#:X]?3&RV*A
\$/!V)KM


A&LJ$?-U3&+


M*J0_QJ3J+&T/N71LJ574Q\;XSN$#2D4L@?)TX(]C=7[A\18*=%8GD:.O](
M!=+




*'K\K]-WY#$:TLD/75T



]^H9D'NU%2K7CUGY]


(Y2:#'
M @^C+)-QI%W6D0UD03#KZ4HC_3-+BQZC-F1Q=SG:Z].XJY![_$E?L^AT6K?]
MFMX6K_#V/)V\_Q#&LQK^J:$;G(^T0%E8Y( EU6!

MU0J&I





6JNT

%!*XO*DC)Z&?4('3@D7K3-&Z3R+)SJ2O U7W

M6R9^Z\'KP



M2_






F1-J$1I14TJL;7^

MYDJ23:U


M)H7'/EGTF]
ZI)A[0^SMB7EM#



;(%,D!6.T%HR@YQ<
ML3$5P^-Z%?G;T[!A/N9(Z8/:_K=C
L8P$B1@1A\=04+50C3C(&/*0.).*\=
M*TSYOBUIOZ9GPX#RLX%
0RYTMM9^GD[S[^.KJ^5$M[O(XZU1R7WV1A0%H488
ME0H:'*(%PXR/*I+&%_HD+6Q


MJM*%T/1F.ENB:'$3\ ATFUU.WX2E
29EMDX[!!(\M4M5[?&7




U
M=H[+6_9S[MR=R[GFT+V=C/\;\Z[:Q?XH;*R1'&AK&VDQRYA!7(T9W N%_?3I

'PN?J




^AD\@OFMSB_V9&C+V=ZE+.3.DM?
M5?[:RB!PB-YP$$E%)K.0IE-W@



W0O/%S@CKGSV.RA5

7Y*
3(F88NSD??TV74.R-MH!HB$OFN&C



M)__\J8Q'YS_]8S3^Y_ /!/BWV3]Z


5OU.]@_FM0?P1<


 =O9!<)[/

MZR1B7#T/Y?#Z9?3T=G9J]'X3QRG08I!B
R%%8*$4GLF/*TG-C=#6&RM+












M
*X E: =DJ=(^X]!*



\6ZE[%G)W%


Q

M]RGCG2;#5T&LX165:*FNDM


1BD//4A:9FT;GPKH0'P-%VNBCP_R]R7@Z

_&JW

MY[T^)9E(A?$B(.MJ7C%OZMT



E3[N5EIJ
Q%U[HK
M330(K2W%QDO.2=*AK&6@

3!30@







M1QYLYD)8I;(-6+B2LMB$Q6MK_6#OZ'?-G+KQ\?5C7W]-1
XJ)I=JV$Q+VMF]
MC.M#& EK[Z+2JE1JXK5F';/$UOXY+=Y7'^ 'S(?B!2%CH$LYPRJ
@Y8-((







MD


M]_6C'XWJMA/6RK?N(!*/WKX]^GV2R^79ZV')O:8/+7WR'I. [I?$0BJ/Y-$$
M'45DDBM'OIO0PA@CR98K3*=M4GF68MC-.7L['I&-.OWR]@POIL\N4JW/__1]
MAT!E@E'1.PAIEI[K#/@2!+&9.9V018%M


MAW@&8IX+OP:
SH
@-P#T'_;84@6+2MQ!?@W5F62
AFN$&$

MYL@EX^N-RCX


E2H
7 JL-@B
MR8M







<M)$V[CJ

KLZ'2-+6F(((X




MDD&7UNL2\^.
GMM(N[N
GMM$-2V*KN;CTA;F!U]Y BRFR(-
=;Y1C8II 4[+




M_63Z



MY#'Y./ST?G1$_L;TR]=NONA=IXTLB'(_K-'.E#K721IH),]TTA*I9RO4^%=
MD:




MC-$9(Q%-

O0&Q^-9$=8.B<-K?6YGR<*;KV(A0;@8%14W




F6--Y8IS-G

M^]].]\+?6\F!O:N^Z2R_'9=SY8



M)OJ#W-OO6M3^@R7]4[7;W;\SRK0H5EB*[(;[L@Z^IB&9^Q#NJ;/?H5!B+:KN
MJ
]]\

MDC\_'L9:TE


M?)40^

^;'P7!]<</NA0
-
9B/1&E2*$#S;H1JWT-P?[Q-F5 9?&FF^0X_=ZB&%X-G
U-\/M
M;&;&Z@PB!UZ3'!%C &\B7'$HSQ;3J:;(OXB;:K:-L+!SKLCC$[(KX9)F_'

GOC1RL_[@GBBT]S;M7






==^W+1I
M.R$!K4'.@D1=.H_6+()X8MZNL9J=U'J;CGY7.MY&^#I/IWE\4EZ

PEWP)T6
M
^?WERM6\
MR?1UV6@%'I[.E%1DO^F=.U:96!(IT.2L?B;K7LZH'X:^-_XOM6?&_#CR4T
MW_G&IKVXKVHR2DY6R:S(2]3J:GUYSG7%4L?4X[HVU24]K3 ODK+'LKK<8B\

M!A
XA;0&+J4K00IFFCG5A\/?S1HV/B;Z;J+_KM-E?_WU]XOA_USF5\?A:^_D


MX\EHD*F.QTV<@ZNS]] H;;C+*-6:V0/+/OX'4//N8NWZ





M@=(%:T S13352
=\HJV$


BA^(Y%I^MS*:'OC;P)YWZM#WUWJM%_*S8=;
MK0&PO^CT


)!TIYS.X
M; 6$X)5D+G'&VIBJ*P#U._2X&VV-NA=U@SYNMTKHGW]YGB_BQW



\U1\D HZ/16GHO:RBH#
MHYT6
4190ILV/TOA]!\YZ59KB].-=A9YBZE;7X_KZ\R?N15V9=:S'


M97.N?D;_QL
.DA]U+[9^0B+OZ9_.*.MRH5+#B(P@I;KP;I$\3 98F6)!$7
MRF:14/FH)[LA(T(5OILL
&D2NA56#S$4!K0.LW_/$-W
%$/K93Y'T$V5$+


B7P3D?PB2D70Q!D?#6AQMVX#B#:L:T*;_?A
M[$K^*ZV8Q@/7OA8V#@GQS0.\HP%L]WY^DX%LFZUJ84;RJE.2$P\Z^$IS\D
MEJP9:NN4X'RPT9

_7@6)K0UQ.G YR2]PP@A:@15)S&&DASH2$X2F;.:\S89ZSN ?MP]

 MM=DZ5_YNT&1DT9?3+V]I(ZA;P-'_7 X_U:UA
M(#%QSJ





M27\6X^CR8CIYBU_JC7U50XQC^HT;

MI[U'D-992/^
[Y=)VUL#G=.@ZU2MK4WNJS]NK *Y%2[23F +)V
G)SIO?#%@


=<][AJS9@-E[+O7G7*H=8FZWF5IVG3)OD T%F20W$03




M1\1F\T@V1OM$P
[-*F6O8OD-2:K@Q1YD9-ZG< _<3&
MKC7;( EJD_3[PI@=+0L*,!99JLW'ISF FQ0F.R*MJR;SX^V(*FGJBXK3X;
ME-5M4P8C159:)WIQ:A&@PF  A6 DJN2
3 79K8FU3P5-S?G76I
-JNGZNJ=C


.Z \T'5@/^6!'C*7.DJDVX8(!Y0'JC)S



M!HFL&ZSA6U%
8.2'
X[8


IM) UTTZ[@O2#



\F




F[-(3:1$
/MR$4^F@\
MI\

I8XZZFQ#

BXLS'9;?RR_Y\(?3#&HCK8PZ

M@]K@.NTT_Y'I!X


MA:EE#V!-34_3-@.RQ
'8*)




^^HV(T+4[?1RE[H

MA9(3.7]\YO?5BD25(S.%RYB;-;E[T.7

N9F4*9ZP (+WP=

J9UX']E







;6IMGTK5]FV['2###JA4;1W83Z5JA\RE






MPT(QFD'F90X\&\V4*(X4PQGOAACA4UEL,X#=CL_BQ$PNF7M[2UU4WMZ'\N





6.5%D&!9PEK


7

M2+[ ^
9M<]16 'A\INI!\@WXK
MKR[')-G+<9[%E#[7K^;[&.=<)\L5R$AZ4\H5\%$L
QRE$9QI]MT?5^-Z?'1
MHB/Y-^A+

?'

H=322.%5])C1
M-KICN O5XZ-'9SI8V1JCY^R9-SB^ZLS4*(WFUN?WDD]S]ZH6$FNL+X4G7F00
M0K'
D16E(R9O
DM!L#L3:VX]J7F&#1FLS


M;J6 ;BOB%N4I7UL@GI37HXL/K^DU2K/KU



1=+)7&?^
MNCJT+])!+;3S$1FC=ZU-6. AY^BTYL\F2FG FSL2 W1




MQ8A2+ O@3'TI.!GZ]%)8R

U8'=QFAR

MFQVDTL20O:Q9 9S


RX&UP0#)U2='+Q.@6:
=4F3WU [3G'':[M4







%9$AKT]4CE9F1




MO(
8F;.]

/K(B69O*F#W09+/)
M-#VQ9!

@
MS

*<C$)
&
M;Z4#YX2(!CG]IZW9V%T?EODG7@5@.?=HHA0@5:P+PQJ K4LTJ+


6[G6M*E+A&HB

M[SKY@2(C''E9]W$*JCBR+SUD*(UEFOT6-J='JT5_P]5Q%]Z7T3$7=]^?!F
Y<:M!UCJ^J4]L_008FXUJ2ZG(]:;6KWQ$_V;N
M#G(?=2ZT#F-C5]<99N



MF:9W26-MCV ]E&A01!8C:]-N$F
!\AV=JIJ75;@KO[S2^N99M9-S6=IAU
M@+*B]X'$I1T4E6(LKD2\E7/8^^2 1=/D&]]J;#!7=NK*OT\&\ZR .WW22Z7


FI)8



M$%S88(N-:VW :XV\^?K8QVZ*;2_C#F^VOX*8-VA9 T;G8ZYN .A_L-66*EA4

)W

=XJFZUN(G8


YE@BE6C($:B)RM
6
M7+]#1*YF8GAFLO .M),$SQ'#'!=U!H_77#O+/6MS17CP<XOZ6%UJ9\&V5IK
M#
M9 ^#3*,=%;OY*
MM+*7$48Y6
P\

M?3@CC)JR9A-E]%6+


M?3^*'7: ;&F00[T1X!L7^NO [L_(6Q_X032Y/P@NW64+-9:[MR$_@V!*:$
M!6
R!Y4





M

$Q.05DF.1
ZYG42_Y\!] N;N*=&45]C[&78W./XTN:I[QJ)Q
/^;Q
M8NU*RW%7ZSZ[OW%76TECH9.B+L8B:5RAMXH




M=





M


M;Y.RL1S/8R7!EA)O
]&M%HB^SC@A5PS#;

M)DE_7'B$IT-GTF\P16W9JJ_N


M%=:P-GO);2S[NB[L2


M'\8YWQ@S8#@37B4+)J::5\IKZP_RC-%[EYPN$=-Z);U+/WX/U9^=B'[4J=P:

MT37!U\'4](!?AFH_A_NN&KN3 #N(N\'!OA2;5MPIQ0S(D LHJ75M7%K .!:Y

M(6CIB\;49L[$G;!:Q#:OQW\\']5&9O7=PD_T-]
O Q

%H-_ZK-[&ZJ44(C$!


YF@N\14K-S;PNY84R6%.Z8IFU




M$C6%W)0

C[L?Y%#@S@(;N\LGV^^K^6YB-9A^^3C'D


U4X$9
H.

MX7P(

9





M2]HN#BO&()IHP2*+P=C
2B-[\-@+59NPH8NT^RY4_8!I


+1]M+EHYX[;+M^CTV2





MN/&G-Y/9[ 7][.]E


M..Z+3UH4Z=M$0AY-;R+U3='UGVNWG30]TO)W87'D/[KQ=GYRP]G:7ZAB]Y





@5KI!%HN&B3J]L=Z]
,BH:6




BSMN4


MX4


=-

M0O7B:EYC2?_O)
[.TOQ=$8S;/S#


R



 O)(960007-( @A212R%)01#4O[$.#A


$C!!\E\\[G



M8C0/H+DD@53'VR7T$((2V3L3;5C/)M_
ATZ?/7T^M)-RW^?#(TC_)
EC_C_$
M;)+D*O=X^;!P@]W9C






DJ

M0CU]N@VCI2;SZ38!?C^=?
9,;+&^F6=3AJ$A
Z!(TF\6@5

MQ6.EU/0K;Q5(5:QSM9&S:M26X!B;2 Y&D#TUT:)_UN:C[8)8:RU3!IPW&51

M=N=J8F
$Q^MHD22
Y+&0P[3^*M[7U.3-B(ZM=J63MN^

M]#BRIO4J]V
[3

M^E$/38U'ZE6&9D87N3=@Q


DI[KJR


';B3M



M=%+*I*%$^RX@/L=\E1X#&&PLQGL'*7E5NUD3MEP8V
P=_2('I;;KC[+-UTY?
MY[W+M.]M_G$:QK/+):R;IN8/
E2:' T=V9;5=N;('+AD-8@BK=91)QFV:PW;

5BX_B8HN?OY_%5BMKY]]?
M7(;9[%WY.%T
*/C^83Y)__7#A;9!61D9KB8X!\? :9
@
I^%\I&W*K7? MR^

MQC7\&=8W3]8MUQ[UT.]8Q.ZU[-9'?E+^]4+E1!B4#5752X$LEZ=XR;F%1

SX


WT\GGZ;ARX\C;OFRPB]
M#BB3

=RO65$3X/ MD3X]C4

:XMDWG(9/6#L%O

M+: 9_=IKY*RL!_U:WFW;8'YZ/!M(?PWZB/PDC)6+N-HG%S(HCHJ3\H
7=9!R


+ H:E
M M(^ (''6J6<B!PWNI$%C7RQ$NQRK6Y=4ZEK+
1

J-J)'6_/IWBQ
M;





M27YP 8DIF0LYN)J\4KJC
($S%L$'(;*U)#ELDTF]-_0G3LAA5=NJ4=@](KK&




M:*

$

IMD)ZZI;B6KUO.:Y^T=2U0%U2T-] 06N
MO?!*6)WO]#\8-%XS: ;:H$1KIJ9CR5#[




6V_7

MTAX8QE0+0H*I52&+\H*:Y8FJY
#)V_1MBMX[ GUB#.I=-RV.'O(!?R?G[]NB

IRUGE:!#2]WD];L.R=_U*4LB


*F

M07




O06?WH1BL7T0%G0==-GB#$R(K8I#9+%C8
M;OA
2_FDP7J[P(1N0<4@;K
M:#4J$FC5!+(
)

:S
AL-6*?K']$-1H4*?2SL#Z!\[H[KHQL)AE41GG
MP4=GZGP*!;&6ZD45G*M3JV

U)ZV0
M+  =$@Z4*.2/





M^

!0%-CR'[?QDO-^5N'E#SW]LZ.55^7'R&ZZN
MR[


P?4+ZH.H<T-M-ROJU^[
CN47F3%94-2.KHBUQT. P&.N50F61TD<ZR=%]K+&IX-
MXP^L_@U
WG\.^

M5K



MIB@8(FUI:ZD+24E!XH7/6C9J:];:$
MH2:#'/K4/XC*CV602.V-\C:L^L.9*V:+$:[$!):\'YX(#
N2@X*B%BFY3A






&F*P# 37-K#D
 Y#C6@@5U^1[I84@_'6
MB*S*=C.QM_C8T]/TKI+LL;/0 M]9^CS;\L3IQJ1!6


20\?AB6=%% WT;&[HBRTW
\%TI

ECD+].]



B^V)T/\1




E)0FDQG<HG#TZP4'MV6ZU\SLJUN:<? '6$W0*:
M:WV]JXGE37(-;LUP&#9\N\Z=SSXY.C3U4BI50)20
S
@]?%(MFYM.1&U8^;






M]]:?7)MBRV9-O^

+&W0*G@=R
MN



M-M5^9.NQS/  UFA*D2



7JQU

MXX+0PO%@DX80%0+I3I$@C(+K ^*,6%BHT%-QR*7UOZ.+=T2R:?8I3O:HJS
MQZ4@E53%: 5&U


M
N


M%!
$KPUP53(F:R
H?'7F[*'BXVM@@HV5D
MW7-+YH[BOA HS!9]3'7*M[<)DWG*=?&=M+T=K6Q'=1T;U[_493$K:UOX7*]

M41V\?
I_-3CHA6O4^&YU

:.D







[O#.^!K34\R77O T87I0KQC6CI%[I /


MSC$EQ%ZH*$2TZ( .4%-S@AUYXVBAL



XP!R4.
G
3O






[FC


12W@_L*/
(MQ2CFOY@XHGQYQC)EI/AU(*S F=

M@]HQ&4JD8U35IWJ2.+GG
H'V5EFM5$9]:D7P3SQSL

P2Z4.\G
06L4
MD;X4\);9.J M0TQ6 Q/!:

M$HF?B3IC$W/1BEDT1W;#/^G




3<2/0QRV*?HGM3Z$$D:Z.3 -(H81.1D_C(IZI O%<$I

MO6+1*^7 FLQ )5N?^#6#DM&$'(H79JLAI5LQY $@P]G^S94WZ5_R#4+Y:^FF
M3.LH/ -A$OG)09+''.I6X


MG0]Y6]@O)K
YR7!A



_D:$Y
M#9=GXWR6OYP9_-IJ%D(*TOS)CQM0M169AUD$HYYNE$Y1ZRXR:$Z$LHC=SH

M)RY3J?Z.E[E

M.BM2H\\V9A18M


'LM8EN
NTTU.


T2#!T+66X3Y$))<
MBUIK8:QE.2:'01D?8THYR22=XR@29Q<#8=PO*G.[9Q;!.-L(X]WXYM/T%]Y.
MQM.?D/P(12@;..K(0 ?&0)F8P:42P!<K(NWOK&V;.&OR]B[<&2!X092?6^Z


N&7+'HZMBDH*R-&'R;
V@3FJ?&C[TEWJO[[TKOE2
M_.[: (BAJ



M 9
)/+
2



M
NFCP^+<)FKBN
M<N7D1/G, 67M7\?1@ N)EBRS5R9S8V*;0,8#H)X;37;1Q4GB5Q!

MK6MI828D[R(WFE:JO)7.E


M2*$M!*D2





M]KXZNS

4=YKUJB+




MR
!G\L-D

M 6*M$:45
M.UHLK3W88)R
UEO9)K=P

&K8?OHEIMC&UP#6&DWD%V&!NU#^T]


ETTF1PM=Q2)N5Y2D&R


MOK^J)JWDW'/Y^OW@DE4RU3[0+
KJ]7@!(=;?IO198)Y*DJ_Z&B]8%TWT6\



MWD.R1U2?_ENX#..$'SXCSM]

7 IF) 46,UD+11V$&I6!
#@'!:

M)@H:7+!D)$C)(+)
)[[0*@?/O-1M







Z.+W%OT

B]0^]1V/,4*R',BU#XZ
M:.CK3+[BE.11WZLJO:_1.<VXYUZ<:3(VOX.G ID:V

MZ5%##1RA%Y/9_%WYVV22JS0^X/3;*.'LP^0R7Z!@Y(PI#]QK2Q9V$1#)5 )N


40HT9!?*.GPC+K0




_NN8HHG=+.%]#6(5D)6$M DH5L





M% 5.U].ISF
.JG (H3AELR4M[$,3CKIL MS'DXZ[+_IL
YNKI6SA7RU&L?

M&

M.HB


M11\**L;;6!'GW2XC_KW%/3@HP\X2RH7!!TP$U] 9^E!E42+S*BR:5-GX
3

*ZF

MSZR'ZQRKI
9VL)P'PMDBBL@&
N0E:
.U2H
V0U50E\L XE\!E6$R3U^2I! 8I$GTBK=WD-BDM1SL6YZXRMYJ-(EWFOC #
M!FFQBED)@5D&W

JTP2FZ =9U9Y0M@#4-QMX+[7B*


M3AJ0Y8Z;12AODG$]U[P8T%*3Y2!R!A]]!


MA-@'2Q:WP?:K0\2.NNQ2_;^+(H;N$.&*=US3#G%

M/9[Q%#I$-.-(%_FW*




$SZ)KBK8Q
X%Q2Y)^KY$
V(O@V

S@HXR+S4^FHW6)]!#

R8;]6([:&[:]2O N_&K

M\!S3Y--X]#^87X]?ANF8D
PND
Z[DA4QJR!'*,01E.#I/VR'4.+K4IXNX$

E=5'5218S




MLH+L





MORX-;H(O^=TE)U4R H6 RD0(G'D*I4YL-THDM#&.'E5Z2C[V:UV.D]

K95XL%+


/SC







M@LR.E*P[
#(5)_8UJ
?6CF2'T(XNPF_15N7J^W!T!W ./P#-SKBX1! V.9I*

Z-;
M0UUP)






MWI_?MT,_N)J\'PPAG=Y.%XL#W)-%-B27
MIVS248L;-$Y;,^:YA82V?9M8[@[@^M^^*NG'\DE6FX@&OM 2Q,^X;DM 8 IS
MCC()+


/BJ#UKEN\W!K/9Z^

+AT
=9&%0J
H[TF8C26MQ!-F (QV







MQHP6 *









M; T?=1_V%:E'8YFO:H?9.\0\'N49+C]\#SY5:!4M(3FAS:[BX L4P9X@)S
M-)@4;*









M9DM2[F%UI@L7#73EW ]A
D^I.H7%^0DT2&]B*DU\$10UBC@I%;%X*#-*2\N5



5#0QRZ7?)__/


MB5!2::2E9 HN\TP5I&0




MN?S1AD4Q'\6_5!'3VNB\\=1*IB7^EXU)*?R3




A!/

*G)3^1)NS007#W!W %7]&G8CG/ZO8?=G




SAE37+&
M6))4:9CKC2/.D&29T)G+A.5^J4JP

M0


M*2;;Z
=+;PJQC^*T)NHYW

$HD=8+X

H7& 
C:&0'JN
_%)#

MOAQ_/+HX?O?YZ

MIO5)8XN*[3^#
!LF

; UH_
MD.H MZ]H:5


FR- 6[\^HME



IE4%F^S02T/L?Y^/6GYS]QGW
=__N?_P=02P
$%     @ %H$:4ZSZ
M*V:9@P$ ^](! !0   !H86EN+3(P
C$P-C
O$-$ &9Z'@!N0+:L
MY_,A.[]KJTR[ Q+@=0^B0L\+@%?;*03 M(8_OX(@'S1_EFLP=9^Z9)(V :@



M$_+'2E!#C%\K-P 0)@@C Q
#
RL+&S

K/A 6]^R9C*BP

;!([OF655I



MD)%L[6)_*@[7)]413+D_WTP%#I)E5E1B%0)@?1/+6?B[R7%4 -;I3TR_TGIJ

1@;&:/I:^)Z(4=?!Y$S0 PM=+94T$US?^][
]TE$_#X+=2J@U%]*WAP35KV5?'BB[L[ O2=/3D-9G+??
MXY-3)E?%JWJ7[D7&7.36



M%UC1CB'OWQ.'+S

RW?ZL($A+-3#4K6*9





_IVDE3Z6-K&PGF+A1 :&FS#!R!84/QVG$S__;




H







MU3*WO$=L06.%QU*_-Y0*7'NY
D\%;@YXD6^;;&&0*?OMO/*%9!%&.UY3HG$V






MN

11B0MMG%G3W?:'GXY]9D%9U1ZGFSCMGYU[5
M.G7YH%&S@

K^0X,%IVV!/6*BGZ;,29OXN\FK#$W?7Y2)]4L
M&EVTO=M1NTR[[,V=B7/3(O+PE0_N$(KJ2EIOM*<UJPZNSO43-P


M6D6HFCS99_22[&\P1QE81K!7&XS7FXR'MCL[C N1C1+YPW.R6W9O*^]=I_



AQ;GM[)]SQOJ--[O8VYRJ.EU3 JB2TH=I*K$P[PVUTDVU(9.K
*RUVZ:4[]





MMZ[LSXSU]!0MJ(PU*9TRF'
W4)Y:(0W


M=D)$I+[
0$LT3C'?U:V\(SR*#4MX[8W)LSLGQGC+@])AQW1T*\PY?9S@ZNIL

CHX:=E
M)KPM;3$3KZ-]Z\?28E)NCX:_K3U0]E#\HH=BSN4V0V)::M1$3@:QG)*&$XV2



PGLG8FU8SY).

MG*T+ P+SL&XD/WI,!8MJ(=S%45GVPVYOB!.#K76!Q9T+EB?(W,:3,0[#!S
MMJJ)A!1))).E)HIJW@I-I

MO^=L'%+3%!SR/ C30\Q;2GNU\(&@2KXGEM%
*1([Y6GFH='-Q:@\C;)'XE_'

;R$02-K
A;-R.I/^]NT*9!HZ##\ ':+


O$5
-

MH()7[VKFOL_M



K<.N8FN%DZGL,OE;.$7CI\'77*[UU3-6GS
ME'CE0,GR5/[5T[/_1+38I4FH<;66]D@=K NJC;B9;W-L[KJU\NJ^FT=!)VT


;R\D=GE*)E&E..!^6C=0B/





M\Q/P^2%
R1
%*7#WE?G;Z^&'S'-1N 1++SB!VDY_SZ?;U*';@W@N)'/;#Y?6
M?LIIY?!XM



M7

65'J.I<7C5Z@ G61L9RYA%AWOP1*6AH<&-_]'%W@/N^?V[27
M1 4FTBM#3H2'/V(QJ+X[R[Z$+^?/PKL?.7(J'M.X^BXPQ0RL'=.KM @@UQ?

&M/_:!


ML: Q=X5OJ=.%.;&*5##?;D]X--1I:C#8Z494R(:372K31%11+P.S+/H&##/F




%G@@3;KVH(LN6M^@7^!-74BHS#MR\
M+[JK(.#)D]


MS5




9+P

]SJ)H




M[Y?1TAMZ?:
S-(
2HS)(6S/F
C*IP$EG*O#LHNOEHVV?4:H70A'XXEN+VGT#
MD]-WGWYAQ(NGY(N=FH



MG8Y!N=DGG1Z*U*GM 8([[LGX# ]K15V)G-/)(#/':;Z*%^C(S1TKN.SPYN4$


Z+'\E;=#A95L[NSVZ\+VJ4



X1@&IZOH70RI0JZT3E';K1D'8AXWO


M@V3TG


.]]J']T5[V0=Y(I#W,&WP

 6B[/W0:.1= Q+% X.1^&#ON9IO\9(#*W








1J(QWRF7;[6!D?EZ!8V-_6@4

N'[D#_!.?$T-SD'\#T&;ASM1W-G UF@6]P
M 7J6-H0
]#(- YP6U/1-?*!;.# (3I&CW.4NAG7.7/N

MC*O\&5?Y
Z[R9USES[C*GW&5/^

M*G_&5?Z
J_P95_DSKO)G7.7/N





$\#*TI*T%%P@7J2J\=HN5C;
M2ABC

M21+LCET7X^NG;6=BMM8;6-*37)



M0TUC3643
M(V5E30U5-1
C=4TS$Q-3-2-#C:\$OF\(0A1\P;:F4*BFEJJ:D;&2BA)4$VRK
MHF)HJ&RHM524C75T%AO:XGXKQ1M
B^U;8(L*T*5 O$
%0W
UUKJVJB;&*F
M9*QLHF2JK K5_-K6#H[R1= FM#'2&XO5DZ2'4M



S#3-U3:BQ



M_[T*_^_M_-^[


MP^0#UWK&1L9:ZE!#




MDO^R/*L;W?4=G*[B#W9YNFOO$:R]PVEO(.P1D7 )^KLS[30505U)5J27 ,%
M_!F$1R% 'BU1L  X]OO=)(VF+=(;!Z?]%3SV7^\H]8TCO%%_V*2OUUE[T]3@
M_5?5KG D$AWV5[5&2&]8X ^W_[_7RH^X_2J%?9@W#A9@3OLCT'\GQUKQSV^

M$S._?UT-L+2.UGMV#D @8.O]11$?U5#.Q-@#8C]VIK9V-L:F^_!H.!0P-R


M7W)H[^A4U;ZHTK_*.&J-*IJ_TSSFLH_5+V&\C_3_7?J/XWI5']A]*H_U :
M395_*(VUO82JAM)_41!UZ#\3Y$]TUR11@2IHT9+FWY1$&=SJRQOK*4E8ZVE)
MN.JIJ4M8@07E_]Z$UESE1^








D0PG&.(8DAFN

M

4PG65*8;K-5
;TE*F5Z1W3+!.%F9MY*_-N9FUF2V879G_F
.:3S(G

MS

I8GG(TLPRQ$)D96459MW-
MJL=JP^K-BF

[2 ;BNT86R);+EL-6PO;
QY?'D(/*D\93PM/-.\[+S;


M



M%?8I'%

M@*:MYEG-YUK


MEJ*6

ZXO6??NW[T?M+[<!



M\:'BCKM6=Q^7:)84WMM^[VHI?^F9


3.R
' P3@!!%*-P 
$$8F
CK4L&%G8\A(&1B8]Y(\LV5GY)


7+]O:

'X[^! L
3


C
Q
;&P


/EV_NT-=V %JZBO#@3U^T0Q'$\H1CG?2./$K7:HO
MNT0NW;A'.X3P\NHIA#O-G?TTUP\B_'8.HH5+0/AOR;?O/^\:7=2R=$5$G+Z2

Q$

M+?OM8S+SS!]F0C5
1G2L!ZZ6:XWTOJQ\HRH7G&3'F
]W^5S.;)I%O67[IYUZ
M?

EVSW[T


P;-19YO[R


MR\=N6%&!=@\+RA6'K%!UV*/GMKI9]M$3T2^
GG_A
Q+]^P4![G/7Z7RZ8;
R=FIU)LG4
BR.$N?'; 8J;/K?'$A







?CFXVV
3TUE+
W=3


';CTO+T9]JG4L=U10BC4JA2:UPZ


]ON@
;[9N





'<HK@9Y(F<Y 


M.V$7!C8-)O%

P^45A++W[!ZS#Z7$7Q

M@GW3:X..'.K953YZ.O%JJ!
Y*_NY_X[-\.6VI+$O6?-5%YEOD^2VAZ2 UI
M







M







RQQ.ME=[--SZ0D)+ ?SLW=
M@6)2
N1X4&)1/YK+KO_6)
(#=H[3PAI@N)%Q7EC/U3'YEUPK\6W-M[N\F&.\
M0NU



M7BZSVC\=8AOC!/+6\W#
G-13GCYK
+*9C!LKK%WB1]WN6&Q*V!)33 5N$EP_
MA#00ZG
S(H9YE^O+?)?+WAXEN??RBZ=5*2YN1Z6B@_Q6ME1FE*D8C'QYXWB?


$1PTJ[%F'^O^Q?9#@-^7@^43X3=QIA6@Q=:<BD^AJ3?
MIO
+%@7T-#B:J3]
JXF]_X=\_ZAD\I#N
_5GPQC$(L.1.CFZ1%KGLI:D3SVU


M%GF_=7/M[C-(^$)2BRY_]
LW+
SGMO]?XCYN^G\HB#(-]H@UTXNX@6$$F_5Q
M0-#
4JI-I::)T79!:8FG5T'O1M$G
&<6@ 9_'C<K1
M2UC+E;0SOT*V:A%9BYNUW)'JUR)'THHQKB=V'I^82M;$'XH;$C'_LG^O*IDN
#?$R@DN
MHAO+JVOK)$M?LH;5R;[(X^SCU&[
\

M_'):T86TW(/B1//#KHW1 BF]AQ6J@QQZOVO3P+31]S:
$X[]%H GZ-*&+RD!
M35G8WZX4?S_=HK'L!L.8$8/
!

MFL;(*M8&FLT9

M?C'YN1.3C]

CS(JE(;A'@4)HT:!EKV$'L[VM76+K?



MY(+



C?+(#%91')


[8RF8/$2U'

YT3NY3)RBB
M$[]/L
#0$IB;A





M6K/K?H7XL_L+GZF.[V0%)HHH43TC65*M:A'RG1]!





MFRO[R3T@M6F' _2I)6




&\^?@#^.:TF7[%7$FT3-

M\\
:SR61MK/)0^_ =JX

MQ7UY\*']M.

%*

KV;6;&$\GI*AOBV.P(\Z

MH

M4M;J_K


+8//-?#3
\-0R;&N#8:SP-C-KQ^)[7W05L)%OA#U I







T&*E68EAEP V-*'(77\C2EE
<I%_4Q@A9

QWO!S=G&$JH


YO[J_(+9





HBY_6G5M88[]TK
.02@P+*+)

R7(!9.[_#AU@A!0!


6TN=[KH)J2-*M^U7*D9Q-
#E9@MJ'@Y*CT?[3V4C/Z
#[)+2)(O=H319W0WC?6





M9JW!?()'WY^/?-]TW706W8*'ZH1Q_BR\T:E0OTBMF;Y7/%-7=Y@1-$T?(P:(

ML7CT@(E_\IC/0M;RW7=VJ:AK!N^[ &9C'
 1X+Q?YGL%I8TY&9FXEG26Y(#2


M^]B3O$9!ZBF[ST[4G.*6]H6E)S/?52+.SDCK$RT7I1#.^FV(30\D- YW-I



MN4S?M=

MX?B&9FYT1;$SU/?[6''UVN#-$$@)LH'WER&5@:2H_PE7 /;
N)CWO^O6S/][

PMVC[UG)]0]S
Y[=BERRXRXW:T:[T_D6(B

J9Q3N$

*64:+LJ9SO9K37L^&A++%#EK:<V[&<^TRQV1<#
M8XKAR?^R8

M9C[.]4S&[^';/M)0%

T^8+LN/'OV*JIXJ;1M[#PZX'CO

D0/NW&\+5V_NM!@46K?!N4?[3[@8GHMDBA&H

0:QSK'-+?M

M+O)*\^72$9QBNU54X^C41XV3



#70W:/C@Q/1Y!EL&Y]NNEX@@[J4(&:)' [S/:8.



 46)$Q4
2









[R)%5ZKIFUH?)*@?O'3^[7D&_*)K8*E$)RM9
.M;
MNUQ7M^P!?!O +:V# Q3%X1-GT3V3L_#4D]?Z6H''Q?6(XH
3E0'-DZ#VGKR[




D&::-EF8H8
ME_TU'T\;JQ+UMGY-[.M




M;#QF)''#F^N44WOS -7]K]:FCHH_*L9TN:EXD*VF:1\'3NA&/DYKF@@O;A7V
M:MK9N%ZDI]G:]K-L^^8G@I!


MEG=D





6
QF5-*\2/M_NB)FSF*O@

Z5D



BQAU
 +[X!2]
* 0.Q%R/S$2;J7



M;[%9HM./


MN%R9&K]6X4U


M:%'8@\ UQ


;R7[5/'YJTW5?@B8&:
M_?;?M-]
V(%Y.)3LO4P4E2$2 '\?T






M4UAU)X.]0%OXP;IW)1L35&5Q@/4W.
 I#A!@?HL!H.J.*^^ZP%[:1$SR.C83


ML#T\)Y]WCH5B*DT4SE[W
!AYEG2
PL*

M!XO??FHK==3[F0I??*#DAUCR[)MK=
V9N8E
M[#NS'?:&N0S!DS_;?@C._-B

M#@[ #4$Q5G[% :XA$.R)H.GZRNV1J(CB 'OCUP2&H
&ULS('V+DBN!^BT+*H



T3N8:&()%!/^_3H V]L5X^2J-:.
M@#!ET4H+ 16I+2)C6- T5[2J6.]BZ('OSWV !GM^PF:%_6)[EFR3

MWRJTF;DO#J!RM.^
.$G#5M^I6AW$I-A$T!1!.NWO!L:40+.9RO]@23  01(
M6FXUXPG#'OJ6_G16/U*8!YKQX;V\7SAA .
UTXWXB+$)W[K1C4C+NNU0P


HYVJ63%B+F(U(L9J[
M


MWZ\_]L NPW*9M2J#T=+X.OZO\QG#&\*SW1;_!Q[:TXB%Y45
2N-?_Q9[2WL7







[
<02G


4

?)5XHD6;(+N
&3#I?@



#F,/@ ,S^. R$*LY5:%Z6T P*QP@?6U+VAEV3'_ ]L^1O[K;]RM%
M4:(=HW@;?WJ


M!NJ:&CZESFA94&VVNH!$8RI12

5N90X.&&+1ND

:94NQS@ #L2@0-<_$'CE<&V3I!Z(NK(

M



5Q9!;O


CI0(F

=0:&IOJ:(4T+*1\XO!SJZUHG 2PT4P-0-DM?J9R]N

X*J/\'?F4I+QG


M;D -GGD%O6R+OEB=3<C(IRGJ*;6K9PHR;Y:_)
M9_P(S^/Z1!WKL*X @'<M1O=IVP[ J \P+FT'<$)_DWP/T6A$H7D2O/&;QHQ
MUM=64I^7A'B?\*[_H+(KYFQ S^VR',6)O;:,@[)U&\;S&M.V.0!,V5--3!K
MGB;(Z:


M%/Y#6?FF_WH6]U]=E;


FB_;3M@7+XQ8R0I#^]=/


MUH92O+U::
G 2G35CMU.E



M_]RLN)'R9$

MN5_AT6DG#^E6
=K$,3

PX
MDN!\: *OGZ?3Y+Z.[A]8=VL\;+L'5*%)ZMJR*
RS&PDT$5:DM
!8LH1U<$B\G0T!!<+BI

IL+NF

)P -+;
E_9L5^6O#7JP=L*PHCC

W
M19
#/W(_R! PAH80GA.4



C;

QC#I_Y4X27RR:_/X&D.

+J+ZGU6]ZRN54/Z*UZW*1A;G4ER4T=


T78ZF%P



M.ZOZ=L8# :*HY]$

9*&3G1
MT
?U)
+&*3_Z_[A0\.G.RD'[E8!4EV?07ZP10Y&6&NY9TWYU+2NB='D*S-[U


L6K2K1A;^7PH8H

DW[ ZOKHRMIA&H0.(#9[QJ?OO(091EM


M)2A.*4&S$XK)]:6=/V[%C+;XA!S?*&8M




M\4^;;/YG#.MQ2





:DIO


R
B)MR2EJ9K)X0K/K[L#E



)FZ 5JO



L9AFU/1_/BVW(4B54PL@.FK?SI?


SY ];)E8HCA17?^6I*!X6H4*7L&



6^



X]+^^;,37KNO8!$W-PP#6%7EPA0V3BZ


MN@#_ZGKK




MO+@0@+=\KO:-/N:IZBP$QR[UJB



MP !+DE4XNT-IZ&-W6Z(*@J@R&;*G\80&%B!65AQK&\AQ
X&;'7HHO0C6%P
M#\

M*7WZAMLRE6LCI//-SE/EWF?A010_65F+;B?&ICQ5=K%5RF90DH_8+/PCB@V9
MF(2(/X[O1*

]W)
MO=_]RC&M VL?1R /O!ZJ




M*@]_4=6 J/S@CXX'$RVNM38W3P1?+44 2Y-\U=4+6$28'&71FC*JVBXW1!AI

M?


$



R NHNJ&@(DT5U9/D
MN.CP/([M8C
CY!50MR!\3(?_LY@







MW[UGRO=!Z9FKK**G6FZ3:Y3;MQY0))JL1.=]L2;L?HTKIO' E:Z0^( (&(
MGO\UDM;


^
MKUYUH?9N]*&+')/-H(=E[;'

2S^E](!B*EF

0*
M;8%=4E1RV
$H @!Q.(















J7%)/]'-;JZ%#6$_[Q6Y&WO^T;X*30/7QD B@F+XJ



M7
MHNYAEDDT+NVSB&!(!;TF AS]\C1@K40 ?JR-%!-_JG^![6L3W^YWC)2YZ'26
M;I7RV?&/1J*H&UN$\@

:\K3E*](GG
M9IT!OEFI#!,W8L^X;VGGU'ZP]?$]35(Y*N

M 'W5#'T]98A(DSRI2 8[


M6 0

M2)1?^\D.=\FSPI+ /;5NVSJ*ZU-(\EP92F(55']BW-XE
6Q*](IMS6$[=-


=8[8V7$(&BYT-/
M8W$7^Z7%V^F]SP.QK6Z;0]&[*FJ@L*&K20^TEIQ)I/HP5L].1$W1;84@.8


Z83


=W?307#

M#(HYU0&(D%0^ E!2FET*S*K#[Z&G7;(=]#J?]ZE?C^MZ:6

_1QZ@Z
M;/JC\_'




ZYU?9R.2FQ)%
.][W%9JG2IILY(
MCCE6I!-.WBU!1 !;S&K;*$TG.5W3R?KB;@;HZ[Y=T\(J0&7@'\YMKA(E?
M*@LOR-2UW''0&GU\#

MPWYYNUV'7X]6


M#9]AJ6%FP$2:%T[21-+.:TM)C2: BD]&\;3C]?]5L09^R_7+R.CZ1/)@&R
/KOB/+=_(F#@XXT9N*G3FY7CN:=U<-=3)H2UG]J(5$?K
MG/NC*J3@NC+^%8YV*&U4,S4U&B894TD$I,)ZB(#OR,*U)6?\*H-PEN_
E='
M

M+32MU!8;.[4T%+\2V%.!EC(8E$:BI!V^'C&.)2*K'MLS==.O/LA 'I9S[/M
M9GO!GJFKPF/':V_\S_Q&]*LO/TC.FS--4 4F^O/3W




RJY).!/Q
M%#ENS3-.]/2H4A7MJ!_ Q?C$V4Y8&RX I.SOO

9CP-=UI^&

.


MF%

A!!!0Z7Z,NZA$H
MT6]L:84(Z'-'\'7;'2\SP5Y4_H
/


F/2'-?O'\\[._I]GG&)/_





_JRL=45V%BZ=OWCI\S1#M
M37M+




!*Q30JX-S[_K7
P25:2+@Q( 0X)R(


OCT?60IN=\O*A815;V&+F\B


M3X#)P[0K2WW#^(








BB










MLZ07/YDB)6
??VO0VN[D0!/#?K<=7SBTR*BO2/X304%K=* V]#6BW&$9I?O4
M=-&$N;I&<CJ,OH'GJ*%3Y%6#.,?L(YZGU3LE/Q1B117Q^?'[N0'-DU=\)\J
MEU]U*JD OXS#
(Y@V+<=L&VVRNRQFR<0\;'L@N%QLR;/9^

3QWB4O

M_*_KB9_8+
$R+@$?0I


MC[UF$LGDJUUY9
]+.&9[W?7FK 3N[NF\O


MQWI3GDG;]GO#[65N?RA_-GT3\O$9

MLA)-@MG \3T)863!T?/1GD9@QSK!N3(-%3$6]I\=)2






V+E2
MFX#M6.'5@[V!K;HZ*)D&^^E1:5\ *&T1CR
!@XX-4

XI3P^!#P6NH[(/Q


MF]??U#-17G/5(ZW^GV(*K-Y*O8G@%!O'[T!1&P9-+46CR/6NMAXZ\AQX1
MOF,C

MOVO




M@H0S1X7L/GWFE5=:&.X=Q=W\IH5?1TF)/,((]L_\]-?&1(K'V#7'?(7LT4

M$
ZC+;P6%!(HV.]<-XV1X
M4)!QI79IW8:YP@(1X'%5OEMLAYVIMHB.(\]M/%WCNC-U);-N77</A \ ?
M0&^6? 5'8_Y#.IO%^&

M

/7P\ZDO3T7X9E$RFWTZ%@X?S0'Y
NLQ%WS^Z#H8:&MJ7?^WMZUG^_Q?8:1_*Y=SM=@%S%=U+
MS4[)916C=77[X ^UO]: _7HEJ^D%8626EW:5&YOV51N]5;K



M)''RI7*FO%73E73/M+B;D6F7]\/;HY


EJEO/:VW_B.@%N%*_(;F7N
M;
S$-SI2;LC#(UE(GM%:'E:0HK-^!]E%AX##0
^$B !N&4E/#
3:2U[:5P:G
MUB$M
Q

\QEOD;J<0OYO@F?Z


M-4^=CBEIRV47]Q+D$

M90.'(^L6DRH
-97=


]YUS42?Q !4W7;T@:'2Y:3_CW=^-$P



M?N2Q*[JS;6B@?HK.7Y9(K.B&NO4U#[Q\QS0U82;[(VLZ)Y$-RV SDM/WN@Y8

M&
3W9U!/83$OUB^]JY_EE)6W+T^\CALYV_?F9M#0HN'EC4'I&4FUD?-%;CV/
MS@FM?\45O(LS2I0/_(.$BH
Z6=B/*#M


-_W_*1GZ0'#U-W^UK*46JWX\.YO:NSH=



M:-^
3W1P&B-@ZCKE\P2G7L;O0) MF$+
ME E;38%;J\CL9WCOK2=&J<CX3&I%07

M*=ME@:



DU










M_YHA88_%'-

[I-U&15]_IV4

M\#UZZ^4O5XFM]1;X^]MCFD)&K& GJ-EY)&XQ3=5MH)&K?H'\OHM31I68WSO_
M$(]&/[JB/]I#S'

MN


-+H,G:+6VK;BVV@\F4S13/
MZ76)@%8[YMKH.@3A VB0-@_MMC0G4PKT+NCELRO-=M\PR'$L;NDR



MOZ2W(N-]=UI\\YY&I:\8*CM? 9JV';V.:6M NF5KZ%D0ANMUF1MJ_##[5I

X
@.+/
K*G?FV&#N?


1
MN+LF0ZA







MMQA*M-(@Y]/;4UVN]YYTHC22&4JF\0$W+I \P.?P)?:T9CI #PQ
PS'DH8


M_4+UE#6\R3GA#GXT(MFLG]/HW!I06QC3B2R:E%.275X\D&[D2#.T[3X?MJ!
M?*Y7USH!\A9D8_Y^S8%8C


.WE/&__-R@CR2]ZON

SZ$JV&E\M*=<1U7.2F_YQUR36K3MIUZD-@W


M)


L)+.2I$E-R1(*&-NA^J%KDZU?[
W=*AS&NU%




C9#;3?(1*
HA++
IMTP

9 +Z[3WNY$WMLWF&,SDOK_8.S9E:2VX,R45RN
M,THJXM 2\YR^ <$@Y7OU]\\49HP[QH[E;
4*MMU?QP/9(90TYAPJD6C54
M&9O'U;_Q!62*CRMR'D;&AA*8ST42S1R8;ZUS0 ?6+:LBNCD;'=__S%3?
V


MI\' 'DBB7QKMGH-$

M
GF#CQ]]*Y-[








OU!DQ





X!^PJBJ[!PNJ:5'=O
NC F
MID




]O;[^4#VCE9/]&:.\XM,L:;^UM. E]#ZAN4)][V]4(O$P=6



GQ9(V*1D_]LU7KQ)J3P5B]AZ&
:

MBZ541:HO3LIEVT%@22&Q=[0O3T9KQ3W8:LS$Q@J%!%2
?GW5+AQA!MQ212
M'B:6O (.%N\NX($9CJ^ BO75_^?]CB!K






MIH :J/#^N2;
%W*/$J



M'^.0HM48PNHIO-G597I=F?(B5&P )Y(MB1)B4-*;X[?/#/2GCA(OP(,UQD&
M$YCZIUFYS/!Z8PB*BL;3J0Y02S)E$[H4L42.7P'T6F$8:-481#C#WZB6$11



59Q[?OD-9 KQWWK (J)J5OII_'#PE5[J\44@54#4


M:=

HG Q\8*'[!W9Y4


 _S+?+-;-=Q3\&EB4R!E4X7C;0BVR=




@J3T$0!X


MO8SR+H1_1Q
])TG\_1+]DQAYU&$]B+3N.0*9
I/_K0BG2Q#:BQ;])%WGGD[

MQ%5=

(^R?F+;B @WY4FCEQQE%QI+%
M:J.5T%_
IHY;]5KE^HK%!;Z


MQ(KJ2KJ4JJF86#OY34.W?.[K5RK8



=8$
M.)5 NPFJH$A:USC/GF 7HLC5Q'1T=5O/^V@UVD#0D# W E24D$&2U=XM3L!7

8AW


M05?2'0MKOF$K!BMNJ\TC'O

:*MZAGIU
M
H)SB7/A'B]%I1/G 1LCEDX$K9&[7^P]1!Q-2P1=!QIY GQ24JW
KY/&[K6.
M=0(*EM0$!
K8O965 5:?()AT28_RA5I39LY8J[Z)$X(;;JUNFG!\%S\YG
G2
M#KLQE4UL?FXO@ QB[A(Z 2O+S]@[;Z?##1!#]$WJAG9LO'?4SF1$]-ZLOZ\Z



8.B#+M$OK8R/_7-)7F2V[#(F^$40Q

MAGEMH/S.R:VLT60&:$3T7&M9Z


MLTQ5WACX:C$675F\Z\_BKX3^JHEY(UK%.+M8[%M/QY&VVNAV$]AH]X $=
M.%DJBV,-VKJJ32ZCILA!TUW,M9&!CJ9/BD9\.EU(&1?L$]1OBJ1W\#[KW0@

.VG\%-#!0




UO#F74R1\PA U



M\M
M^_KBVGG]]]$&//QL

M2UHK7:!'@B/QEG8P^




M[WY9VWZYOS7%DJAA)*A([EQC.(K.M/[

*NJ*

/AESP4B-
/!K;X#_=%3

^_E)]K/T/9

'XN:Y_:YK0X



M2T0I:&9_(6ME8E0.I\CEB^ X[H*2^7&J05PMU[E-6P&B;NM;1ZO9_ERD1?9#


#G(LUP4A$I.!3'8 X85A72OM=='*5&GA





M)2]2$MNR/2':;
:Z^B6N$D&'-Q\/B.-B*66@SNADIYZQ)I9CPI*?.Y?B7^J#

#?M!SH0*&F#;N?=@

M2R






-U*]I!=^/8/*
[KI^IR3.(DM5#I3^V!
M#
6;$&CH@T]I6ZB1&4^(2V8=G^3P?CZ7FJ)V4E'\C@[?#X9;3JY)8'1NT$=]
MT*X:?O[1;.^@'




M;G9R;K?DD$[:\Q.&J'RR.C
R\2^N. #BP$+UD_\YYMJDNL6/[A8)?*_XL%D




S)RIMHRM=WK)9L()MYL32.N61DRLSC.C765Z]0:7Y01
L_5.:8-


9@-VIZH]=#^R%NB_L?VVM:X$J





%NU0
VBEON!2!#4HJ-)8R7
MR;.^&7BJVT5EE6OZ[NW7!ZCQ12
JV27@5BXIN2;E@N2Y@@1I]!I6%[$//-RE



MP[7S


UPKMK

M@O]HCG1]6F#?Z*./.IK2K\?%%ZOF[U'.00.+'*]%^:VYD&97Y_4S$^R8S6

KD(
*PJVT9B LK

P[;7; 9(NS!)LH#SPA522OS.9Q%3?*0T+'HK)

MV9DHB%M5*/V9^2UX8

]-K1*P-%\^_&^S?;6Q'EQ;#/N

CW;



.A9Q-?3,
MX93;(6OM<A&[.8OZY%


M@-I20$)GH[*



M@Q;\0%E7RCV\R4X$G
#D4-]E=$EK&61?C.J@@#*'#$W-
1$7U_&F7SZTC?*V
2!P/8A Y!Y3  LW='(\+







-+^ZN
M\SP1=4JAU='1CO4GL/1.Q


X?)!;F74=

F:T$*IVPA4D0
M
67OQCX9@I#&_N+2U-T8MY20

:ANX9+N
M4[IJ

M28HG''7P6SU3CM+S0
7[+/SS]TD'MXU/J?6A=78*$U-8*6.)66YI[@I/!!]7
MNOV?A81-6#'!Y'AO::EU82I&!*5



MR#UG.Q

;^#^#E+/G7#F

:+Q^XF^MLL5D_'



L\_F\W#




M1?EF0A-*;D

V(/9C.!$R*0#2W2+$/X_^I&7+W9I?'4D^6/Z^
MO@4!I:G*7*D'!45_U6/$Q$%GUPM?3B3QV@'XWP8=R&V-%O3A\39?0TQPY;EJ
MG@RF.A;5/V.\4!&W&S2E\7:*89.CK0*:3IX-%R#I448;+#9L7 $] B\ B9%





M?K]CVI+Z3D<J&-3IS


M*N:QL




)*K!)T9I%V%6C7*^&58Z-6VC.]'?J 8MCH(BA RC4R2*E.%F/\Y

MPC_=.WBD8/K8+F[WVK!


M



M
%!B:^2@*^((IUJ\TSJ7E9W\RR-?JGE$D8GP5(70RGV^TW/_17F/%'7IR;S4


F%+_GYJ#S
AE6=-0)13



M'


#/

M0

#@X=A/D5Z5*#(_)ST0!E[6K$1-@A$W)*
FI+


MU%O?^2_VS;[8%[OF7.
9:\TUD&?N;D&KM]?(GU/_!)I8\_#(JH[VRT4G5#;8
MOB.T9J8LNTHE!):Q*:IRA*)X^H]%% ;7[/+^.&MMM+(4#RA:SUU7XP-M@Z



_-K93BI?[[#6X1)7Y!M
M1#@GIB8O/TFUP/M8K\X%*83I3W4\6X!2K3F('OGXKJ//TH5K)QN;[%Q@J-*@

?;)Y


MPK1J*N%J(^4B71P4@

M(*05*6N4!;D 9)VCM!L*=$?YW.DQ%QBR?'708QVUS&AQ*C7SQPX8,#&I8:




MR94M)S-W-GT9H6\^C+O7 YTR]4^O

BIFM0O0&O1H-;1M U+ :X49:P MI7:
MI='N+%









JV'FML^
U2$GC4IU,9AKYE5_ 24TS,FLD
MT/N/U%UFO_W]?/+YC*;3(R7!;:S\4WW7KR'\ZTL*C'XO3YGGTA/JCW^CONL
M$3_+4@UG2[V;D17 DU31_ESLZ^/\'
__S
5;/SXG\;9QV8'.26.&YJQ&;R6V

_2XC
MZ%URW@!!LJ!OQKP8?EGFG\K2MBRR[]2Z=_8_G57BCWR8PL*_\:S
YY#0KD
M



LP]N;Z5&G?@3
SU]TLTUWX+W@.V:3$X5.=@;B''8Z6^ #AZDIPBH






CT%RP@1


H

HQ#D=?.=
!PSAR/8UZ#



MJ(K9$2TSX


T=D=QHUZQQE-8%^M'@ *1:1E$:



\O



_2U5(7


6

M4'Z5;$MC



4(R?/@[M?S9+?H=C.LB#71)49;&&Q43&EW?7S/Y
M]$;_.H-T 3

I] YP-:SOD

MGB9VF%5+/$N-U':_38UQD)C^'6GLM$:ED*A55$D?F]'
3:_)C:=+&)&)D3Y:
MZ

M)2@ZT@&USFWZU?6OLZT:0AL9,NOE;5_2FV*1C 2V9_\*N]4D:V?#0Y.1A,7
M7MKJ&G913OAHI

M!;_8/HW!W/ 8^RU2R0@=95@8RCZAJ2







M^T=CCQ#2/4](.E6TXWG[++C



%^@!


 \3PFB[B+]

O#\;;1'JVT

M+K[YUFJYYK#-T4^]KYV'ETT]E:9H\A;PI_VCJ^W%C4.I$:U\]NUW)M')R6
M$2

\LB5$
MJM3\:[MO. ^OG_5QW.Y&ANB4INY49UFG8RYONK!5(PI@ZTE##/H+%F\.HQ%
M$W5Z4G.+HQ;-*@843S=%]:A(%7?IK09
(_:PH/3#%NAF$

$@

*]
9$872#0AFI/\ 7C9I(PK
MC0)Q7-)&J%5GO9@#E(\89WT 1^9R$N
? WOV%
R1Y_)]AYVO1NFZD\A2'IVF

$WR


:V'I!$GD?PHB






)

]


6Y.5&?JDEGPISVIQ[\ZWW&_^7@G.*(7+\A0<]-F
M54]OY<KFIONJ=

7&$*7UX=8KXGEA6-FCHE*BU

_$0EM)?4ZW:-8:
MQU@K^5KC:4EUU7=_L18_EJ7UD?-6JQ\
R(&O#-F07J
[^4&=&29IE=DYI1FE


IW=NK1-MHM9Q[DRJ]CFM

G!]M%6WX9
?JH@7)JA%]T.')2%C!XH$!
F8!0JSP$2'!%F;0+=<


K:+MOQ?M#^J(8S)A@[(L RLR2X$3/)H.D/S


MY9(FOI16F+\8/#99:$P5(8:(I(35FK


=M#Q$::\
M

'O#LJ%

0\-^ZPBX'PE(;2.

X;//L.SE#!.&[:4I#.UWFO


O





MOW)YU%:/'OWL9!FHX&2AB:.PE.R1=%2/

H3Q
)J;E;U!
M=O2O6G.
]@N/XHNL;EWY38JD:KTR''9KG _J9^WDD[KTJ\$_+DQJ8J/'RZU
M A+\9G9SJ&@DJH';D.'0 D]&50A:K%YQDA(T'L.F'E?[
8A36210G\AF@:=


3CE[IUNK*1^(E-Y






M
G]T



L0Z+0OI4I^53\7=)V_;QRR4==BQCTD

MY+28'BYE%MO()OK.RG[V.\J1IOV:9FH@R6F+^/@N-[3AUZ&**=4[$0A*O+E

3XU.=[9$
MS\;?

':[N6#



MS'I:G[TE*JJZ*KU
@7QV%(_M27]@21L_G=!W=7-W*S)P\=%EL)IG\ITZUMA=

M_*4':51?
B+EWV5LNVXOOP=H;G+YZMKVX
3+I6_!I17=L6!R6%@_*\R@HS
M/7(HH@@L8G&T'%Y[!F$-62*UGS3)IYFI%(M_TO'118G\!$P;PRQBT.AA!357




](45BQ

FGKM/89ZR^!3T8?0QP


DPV8JT0T1[G6&)L7S1ZT%*/E'
S.1UT*RS

]W\F*L4K$#5#55ZK



MB&'!GL




ABK&K_E:?:^[MNZ2X:G34VME;!0U3.PK:GM&Y?G75V_








J
?3:
F4?$R+WR;PP@X
A8.*C?V+DPN1DJJU

MK=L: QX'YT)R$R0=Y%IXMHX-HOEH;V0YTI7(5B#'MU01WN;&[:97XD6D\64M
S$W*C?9-5G*R4'$<^?8


F(6%X\XFO8S2DE@1&X%
-
M9DQ2X;AXV029%!0K3#;]^AQ*L70V5=]G0ZD5[XZ?REBE$FOI32 AI:\!(K\X





+HH











M:G4UT[3YJVG.PB2JYIX39 6)H[(
L[)=QIK#M*A;Q*2IA



M\T9@)

:
U)?+15?S==L=G7J3))6O

MI#\!'Q/?!=:'*#&/G3YE?K:-=[=Z1A%VNC(=)-.O7
*07LG2HDXMYO@.'+(L

!BO)@;_T9$.P^OQ;X!/!Y;WB202JXK(UQ&/7J3+R_;/:@M-6K8D\_+B
M::?ID._E-)26N-*C--




AY)G^XC!QOGK6GT!$




M^ :@X8SBJD#5X:NZ?0.8]




M#4IP6RH
<G80%8 8


*&'JSO_P@ ]*-HR&*?S!%IU]]?@/
/OJ5




M
DA;#$DOCP^V.H=<35QDRA[4%+/8@;)I

T]JTBI#P  J.V.

M5GR=+T?S6JJSU@OPLHQ@V8EAR%C-O&^@F7=Q78E_#LUV
I[+?:Z;
FHH\+R^

T*_PKP+&R2
MCSH;N-OZW()IA5$;@O


-=;K%W*


L#B5V\
IX\E_P1&/YX2[EPVL!KK8N35-
?$L6=

)Z1(R^\R?_5K
$;
M )$X7M7H+GN9_GO[+5?4$HVNIO^UMH]HS W']:3@%+Y?OG)Q_
]7BSWANFX;

ML3H
 



\AV





M*K=^*8 VX
XNM]!:&)'WV$25! W8/*


FK3X2Z30
&<&^D*'^225(,K./#66EWEOALN!KP<(BH&=@:\;[R[JF5

M
+#!;B.L!=
NYUT6X:?^@ATE?=%_C2$?Y3L. Q2;P ?1EA=A64].*XO0)



Y^& /9W!1-/_@PO;ATY'SF0EE*3(L
MR'2_O'+A:J+X*<;RNQ,0R;J)IP?GUF^N%M?4_)9Z\R7RT%*L:H5H^#0O0FC

M'7Z5WF\7^1#GK@PURF_V[(RRI!-#

T=#%






@R-1A8N+$P2



A@!W6*_V14#+EN6$*'
PYY^C+5*#_OM.%'4J






NIQV3
1K']0)Z_TH





I9
;_J7RE?=









]G\LU4VNHE6/+9^B*
*+Y
T
V34N;I8LNH


M7Y6QI*+WN()BC%OMV^_1V'3[J[*'



.4=)'\RM%*NUYCVOG-90S_EB!
F\+'(%I!0

@PYR%. @/S0Z^FMLJ=YS


:BF_;6H%^;2MW-/86)




H2L-
26!0
M XAQ_*(_;TRJ2+CV$?!$5
2W$WXFBK1L=7#\EJ.]5NS^HK6?A=HH
6:=SS*

TQ.*;J\BN<M*,R21X_LQR<Z+ 5)0MFY_YD]L:BLNI]%63+



M
]Z3V0UXPP4+B:CS7V0\Y[3Z./06
RN180#8,8P^2K$=0,IWBT(S%P1=IC
MZ\X2Q2BG8JROPE





1\!RL;)L:5]TRG@]85)G$_?M5-Z Y5=

@AO



$VYJ;&#XM4$QWDK3
M97(XBTN.'7F^YNDO75X'?TG8SA^YAC9B.Z]4-M9D^L\;FSV?[W!M+$D@;[HQ

SM7X
M5WE!RTPB5.,GR&'A&!EQ(G[;TC&.OJ)%K62PI3W6 P4

MY


M8NYOQK!
L
)7ZNO?TJJPD]1X:?
MDFR-!V9'[.0NYC+_FN7:%<JHE!\K8%!5;YKA+7+9=&R5B5'49A.W7.%2@BH

MI!VOVSJG-]U1

G\PA0^A@T


AF+W)FL]C-6R_Y2#




+BVXNBXJJSQV7.Y[AXMR,V02' YB[V['#_L


AE(MZM^GQ
MY(D;H@FOT4\T.EXG(SM0@Z

MF.J;:]-0&/8


M9VI[U5X6N--_2

 K7O!6\LDB=8?(Z ?O\TW=WCCKIWS]['IEU7

OIR &0
BY^




 LJS\[*__L48F7?!9E/&T3S2(


\:&OP-XV(3
MWE4P#U3;/10Y[QKXIZ0Y#RQ9?K3X^IE:'+]G_5


MW6@&77EY34(0%E9&4!7DP.P
MCN\/ FC)=)=^KP+=SK?^RT?__5XA8G_;@G^:9T8$DKK
'JYJ'O*MM+#!\
MQ
JN#8)ZF2

FHFL?5A

MX)FE
9PE4$/$UB'[@_%!BA:)J
MYFE4P]/!BL7FWBR-%/*^+BI@Z^=JPK-:%,WJ]<6%N*F<C%.8QSX7N3F
P2E



MLOG\70+6I4XH@IB&*T+CDAAEFF&)B+A2Y]:]T6D:/5Z)UM?/.%C=+.SO3PO%

MZ:GPQ91!>BJFK;HB*?R$;M*2HPF2K#+.5!QD^+2JLWH=6I&XTR6&+K.7_^L
MH,(PE(^^EP$OWK3UOA
MXTYSJ?:L!V5LUFQ7XK;!#0138V:#N-2*8O:/@
%-A\54VY-;7D4UC[E#=$5U




MSA95[VS+
O?\Q1C:6W#^LV.DX-T7:MP)2H\]W*5' -!=F?83@KD7T46S6!#4
M:E+V!0T(R#% ^PD 8=T%)B?I$FL183SYA / BMUG4V&
]YQC2T\/4/4_/-P+


&#M^\EG[/0#]
M&_



M0!:KGOG9&[]#*-3SJ


FQ8WGWIU7K!_FDDNDS8R\($^7')/\4YVV&U8LY1
M2X!1/#Q#-7 S;
8:&.US$YN
C+KETQ_4Y
\Y (_$(D(AX!6$8Y]TLHD\S,
MVE6XY;SVFWA1X*KF[]S6BABS5!^AK^-/BGK


M*V$?VV

M'-Z!!
VCB %=OD)_T^_?IV76]1' #]G9FN\:D=Z:LZV^)$JM

M'?^:N5+K@*(M5UI#^]2H%?X9_8_


ML?!U&CF=
XF(CFW*'U70Y


)O23?[AK&^!<R
MK'& NX;IO]SUO-(1OC$;4JREC7^9-I1,,\F2%_4(@-IO2_UR#UX6VGB HRM



YI=JF
M0D)

<R& (6;'X6Q=] <=VOW16[CA@_LCP
MG(\#'6T=+9]!ZQICR+ P%(!:-Q@ 
%?$3K+ACT&!BM.@A7BP_9%THZ3PC$-9



R;X&8QXZZ997Q&R?P3$
V9&&2X


M*Y[N/](N##7%FWO/N5G6#Y]S+)/KWF*2&2J[)CF3&&\]4XCW;S!Z!'1.OT#!



B)

]M_@[L
MI?V
BL(:JZEKH3L7[NM[L6$=_Q;'?OWP+^;./4?KYY1'1)[]Y53%R.84](;
MUUKBJC%1UTU!1T5?38M205)076+@?/SIA:B^$H:ARE/DU(&%:VM)'2&)\_H

 YG_W60KA5TTK%THGN&H!?$Z'4%O7T/]
MEL*%M



!7GQ/-@+9F\
MOO]#?G*/;%_2XOK]05$ZPM[UMK!_%YA5B54.SL3J?5A/G%GY'KZ6J93@UN4I




MJA\!Y/OJSIU.MXE_@H=(+'=*


3_K+









I?Q:UW'+:1J_D


M7HS=N;%L6B


MZ9GLOY_4X



^C/6H'

M6K'W

F'K_9XZ


M5L
(HQX:#P-V7LPNMP3

('U657VTH9R97WN[%B'!:2*HPZ&CQB3J




 747%R%L
^QF#)+V<GTFL


M85]4DJRREVRXF_1]6&)L2HVAMDTB7M37QO*:

35JP;%075

M19K/#DK:

M_4]UJ/\._*?F]_\S8)PH4-G;J4M),'I!M2[A#S#W!C2='&2I-9EM8[S:GPO
MYA17DS^ 4!A6^Q7)(NF]Q3?.K!JN


Q)*/;0=XSGP#*W6
M D5X9B:GIW&^.E
?]E=\62Q
H/M 8%AV$,FEPHZ^]$
G4Q6WY3FWJN^&#7
M^:OD&^D)UQ6*^C

MT'XS9?A
4  +6]DS1!I?OMO[.'.OED\C;(U2R?-XN=TZ=!.JA\4.K5/67.S6





M=@WV;);?%;=^

M-;X)C=O7S0RM%58R.#











MR-DB=I?%L?S6FU#[B\A816+T;?







GN




M


L5P7K

!  K*^ (  [ &X;(8+<\;U


M! COXBK@)G-S'0V7-QW.QVP HIZT[N/YV_%N3N;9Q;]^QD],D/G[. U5


E1R?7
M&VXWW3T\O0*#@N^$($/#HN_'Q








F-20&[V%X?.^B;048/J4LQ2]C2VP7KSNUE11;$[;FW!Y8.-8E
M76;N*JU14G#WU;79JIYOK9TIE[@F*0OX80+K ;Z5#3#$7D+_XZ4/PP^\.S
9
M!Q6'0633BY&(\[T

\M_AKU;&=QLX+ \
M6,8&;A;T5M!5#? G4


(9+@/E

M/ 8)#H*
M_4
AQ?GCRY-^E_EC]#['_L@67QAF8U=C59+P0&_@V.+7

]@CBXD%^@4=-



M$]#-
;


M\Y3@F6B

M\=ES\(0:99;L2!H// 7JDJS%K/)=O7%/&_/DZM:G4-E_P*E]#:E)4IZ%@)

7;N..KSZ@'ZM=!R2Y/1A8N=XPWU6]J &(G%

)XUG)J\8

M#H.^Z*J9AJ::


^X2FF?O?A%8WYLO73

PJ[J=B.**-1T)G*TPP705F\]7+9



-_?GK[\9R$EZAC'[H^QJP]Q47:]3J

MA $
0EM9XJF+TX5)N=85S05@T&;/9MN4_%C4QU3DJ%!Z\[XCRAUPTDD6$4NQ
MB_[)


2PFH?HEB3
MK 7


MB7NH 4Y 5R41$X*K*2NM5CK60EY?TL.GL7/5
R^NY7!C5C1X^U=NEKU%[9C!



9)H6T9]'22%]D1YEN/_.#
JC
MT9:UC?BZFK+R*A.5#7&17=


N';&/.&G.8
AHLH7V9-L&5$(.TY6!3A

0T!3(S'/
ML

O!8@VB2C&(K





?5)[G
A7]


=I@AQ4 =JR(-*

@A@]0RW8290N!=/.@)^G'X:
M;XD
*M;?7Y42)ZUA]I1B33EU868E2(MK(QA92#[.L2@$A-/E+G_.U:+F9OL5

QX5;[K4+A6ML-$XYE
D@.YF1Z1U'B$*IA&-T+*KJU\FP^5
-MQ@ \@8[D#9I0#K .^\O\VHU*XDXF50QRF7

W%2\KTLWWA7@?2Z


-Q'2O)1$#@&.5X:VR%[*N'K




$9UZ)TH)+R,]/G174:[*Q==[*)?Z%52'5PDOG











HD
:0WS6E4-JM_WEM1=
MVCD Z:OQX)[QN(I)Q [%R;D,&UH25CH#.*AB\(MB9&M+4MOAY5*!MD00$(;
M;3 D&9YAZXC+J0B#4T!^QA[2



?7K30_90!.'
MXU[]&:6-BJ!?\)+5(F);X;MO778:&%56*[#3H;6^

MNV[Y9&:
:*[6;#S#J$1\+/FC(_XKK-W\-TL:_]^M@RC#G:DNF21DPQ=KV_[U




[B5X'7K

M7QQ F?\TK4.;ZM!@ UR





M+-PP#4/'LO9[&BD/5?GH?/W^S/+D$Y
(;Q6?W3V^V_/)5_G-ID12U6RJJWF/
PS'W[^:X9


M*6 ^1:DYW@3S76\OUNZHZ

MUPA_VS?E-ENFP+UH##W134EKR;192FLUDDV!
MV/L8B$!8AA?4\.XKW!


M7%7OHD$OKN*HU/AHT!J\IJIN/6-%=4]XZQ#%DQL'W-FT]_XY3I*39^$H4
M3E\WRBLHH&M-)&[(CW+@BLN]C,@6C]!&4[?E)?L $+\ 
%UT);W2N8




_MFOFUL$;/ ?A8?
ME3

+0/*Y(H!4)EO.2^-8!PZ
MN+J.B49+XGZZ;=K.F

TZX#U5$XN^@4W

MT!OJ3NHMAZ'K72R+6-_0U=KXCNRN#^JDN%9K'J^1F)SX-\V'BGAKZC..OR[_


(YG]<I@IB[GYC@XTI61K1VYPIF(M!8CF6KJ=DU^OQH5
M3!6)\*S[S-$/Y+P?'Z2B$'3J,%V$!G.Z4+49$4N4X1O['1X<K-!F17C*%Z
M!+HZNOE$U1.%.%OFBTAI)T*SG?NK]@9L@%9G)X/WRS'6OG[:,AO(3Z5@60&


]DV-
7

\SBV
8=M

M2XBH


M4[UK[+X6\WWKP&TE[B^1D


M]23!&B
Q&6C05KM5)C;M3O

*$
_TMJ$7$X;'
RQ
#I]6_
MH30*E
TW;F1PP1+7/75U%RVGK3$($OF,GD(YCE%YE,RM_SB,C)X_BIVVC^9
MW[W.42;@ZKH

MU
%H
/!Z=Y&VB7JQ)7R.ZLX0VT
+I;BL5*
0E%.C@=AWB$36D_GO?MTV_9
]

M''G9455ZCJ IE5B2


M_\(EX.!3T]8Q6^V?


^GP1;UN_R] Y+T\%8\W;\0N


MP#5WAJ6X!'* G9XK#4D!TY;2P/XKHSD1B:;#^(?4V8]0EYR9U9\?ZU8RCET
M5._TA4AR4;FI)3DDI+6XK]S5 TOZZ8'BTX:$OA^YAV(TN838C0PW'Z[Q
M^U8YYT,C?]4H,S^;$W8SRHACW@=10?]Z
Y
BOGT;#RC^0F^)Q_SN?
3&WAS

8(+L@QZG] G]KBISJE-$O_:DKTT12; !/EO-.EQ5O!
MO[


MI=@R;?=EIKI-8\/WA^@NQU&





MKQKED) ?5+_6[



4+IUY#B3:/YSG;TFW.WY?H=


PQ[[0MR


M13)]'#J^[2G\)7!'U &SB*W1;64JAJ2%O_8R#;_L6-O=_WGXBF(R?.K5A PE


M??
:UEB^KRN
M]N&ZHJ;+Z;%@-NPN5[ZAD +XG1#%+(/R(2+&^T#9=M9KMZ%E]IN/
R1%JBV

5+@J&3)I(5G!/?DZV&]\2BO3-SXD*


NX-M]
71YC[7.4:=*=!L
NW^

#[S
Y(G^*




M7 G-T++J*M(U+#_#E+HSHVCCVN





(5Q?JSB[O#V9=YOUJP;Q!WLJQ
MS^3J:X7
@=\JOAZ_=O7[U'A

M[V[%LO^:+S:C8&0'RU8=KI[I$JGINE(8QQ)G2:B-%XP# 9@$LST0CD(ZOZ
GUOO*N]U^_\SL'4.UO_V?80X4C:7@$I(5MDCIO

MZ89M^;+2A92U;4*KRM0:#GRAH-LE:\BJTR5A$PNSB+Z;1+62O)J'OA':7UJ5
M

M3F*;-ENO2L_H'XJNVKC$R(E*/WI S3/
?3^8:'/B1)K2IJ=WIC.;;Z  FH
S7T 4R,<3N85C6IBYIDB&J1FC)/###DO;JG<VSTB=YC_MLPRM97Y/

Q[^AJ6+HF

E7C.SL
=#HT!B)
M4IM$-UM&JH#?CR$1I)6V+[9[?[CU-O $?]]@&;[D



M4;71YMF6*4]2C!DLJ[

7-9TJ05^K2.NP\3S+2
MG

:+%^[1^FOC:_U?PC#W$??5(]M!$:9T92-IJU#

QE[* +$.98M&0R=



M]3L



$HD]3(R11E\^ANG\;#:+DA/1



9R6Q=X6M(E:Y\=^GEV]*P




MN
WKT;%WZOT\$0-X]5G

M&

H\Z%N*ZCH%G[JG9%$C^_%
MR0X7+NIDC-IET&7XH/W6BD8-SE2+JU




M9;'A926Q#N;$=3.R?.G)'?NN+-^*$F
U#L%OKL1%RCG7Q46AQ%&URHE)(B
N

\)\9N_Z!

M.+
1=A1

\HA9A_:VYH\*
MQ@WG&C+?..
K_*2_2]]-2E*7K_W.5()3+N(3C62E@G\ST6G[W#&YK)UUJ?I0



M=ZYSKO5]^ZQW77N=M==:9_^8/Y(\SY


MF#]A^$/.\L;SG=


K4= O#*


Y3U%W&X1 K9OFNY]-#P'1D2V0\!8+?$FXZYI
M,#53&P@U@;O8 @0^MTCZ%D:7B'@NWYG.+\\?6OSO)_J:;O]_D!!TS2.<[



5\.[O;:Z'@-O]C%M^




M2;16/P-HR7LR)X$T)Z01
5W



MFG.
8T+:^$=&8GB*\P;[[P6H3B


@XB7Q]


FSZ%8R=L%IO [
DG
K6=B#9/F&K



MO?:'@.Y=)/@
 Z@*?XX1'13TC=X?E_ND]L/:896SZ3FKZ?@TNQF
@%$4(D
!ZQGE?.-ZOEYE43FO2?(Q<1@!@XL5]/2+HJNWPN#'3++PS]P<



)3?VM(V4

MR@\-*[


SON4KY812U5P#
-^^K% LFQI)YQ[G6)75N4B1\8=

M:RDW*M6D+;J%TSH]RO5&=&O)K8N(ES XBN+3%2(T+7AWT_W;E;.SJ1BYHI\+
M'4=H5:C%[%Q-(JI?Y/[:1RGKQ:PZ_VKR $/Q8U%?LIMLH$L8L&Z0  P+A0







.[$;^_ZIX^#5^
1M1WE/T(
M$.7]@OSVG8L4_'RC#56:*;ZW/VIU
!T+($=9
FR

MA9#S^QTQ^
R%



 N 5+ 
*F' =JP6AH#

D SWHD_P\;


< YQT9*





C$LN
M5FRQ2C
O
C[]PR_O_LD#.@B
)_

+[7A3$W(W Y*H?

 EQJ75QBI6!

M7(MF@3P-X25M
$#Y6PWU=#T)WM1L[B'5DUK^]@^





MU;4UQXFMZ3P$




5PO#!@2L=



M


MLRS]?ONETQ'E;


*FIDFT_63#_\@.9







M?/QGG.DL[Z7H6C8B
U2^

+_/W@1N6$Y6LF
SN


MN[O0=@LH]R^/HB8IPUJZ/V1'?YOS


HK%1%AF



M@*A@V-B!N@0\?&R0B45ZG$FA#-6UU1X
&@*$T]LQ*UF @Z-J5@AN\)42!B

7
V#Q)OUB\Y97[Y#B_X
MSU!'CIFM!\/6IH2WQ<R#1,8:O)0B*1ZOS(4Z6J=F<J'9)&:RNX;QHT1H6;]
M]R@\ADYKDP

AH9M:GO\<[@BGV4&8Z":RZ5P'<@IQ]TO'*_NR*2IB]CGM'O9
M-/O0F*6_E
YZC:CT$:

7;T-S2TWX9+
MF=42_:



M? C #5E
3&ZC%]W9A+VN
M;CQG%%V3T#;L'=6H#P#1'6XMM/


5-?5KH$.]YD74#9_ VMMX^I%6&CPQ5$NW



!4DTQ Q- !


I][J^SS?;[HX\9Y)ETV




!SS-1A+M.




M _GIA]YW:DD]*-F_M9$Z21X,=$.\*'%NH8+6M@O*MXA'X.XG'!_#J%HH
7

%T_M-6
M[HVLRU4^SDIYB3C%A:[.0GM6HS/Q1;']X__GY+9_T?Y3'7<J^[W]3=(#D7+



H$6N
MDJ:7^WHW'4XD#DXPG=/NDF']0OC)0% RJE
]*@99PPOU-R'\2%7YTKY9X?6N





MM4%_=(G7(4/UC_%WL@35?LGW2C\1]78Y3^F:).%S @B/V/EJ!#LTC[RG[*
U9F: O:.@&W@?]IA^Z]H:O_!

MM 6CW3&SFVW[?

MB[Y@S':;#)8-';SS5OB2UHFJP/_N5O'?2&9S!'T27M_?AXD$LCWZH@FDW(6%
MS#24:=[

=(PW[.#E7_4-

M YR;^U-/'



M+^ 

#\YW;J
MI;


=*
_?16;/!
MT2TU/9!H=%KIO/+G0/\QY/+G[)$=EP/O+&[-/('!RU!O\S=Z-LR^0UH]3)


F
J5(%ZIK+@R#[&)N# N
M88'?.8^

&3SN4B4NGRYG5/I7EQ'^PXV*P3510FC84UIFA_CR 20\1'*^
,4?X.)
M#5]#538-6:C<^H8#U\VC7-'X






']WXD?'E (R1W9$^[UU
MGZ#^0E!C1_IEP1\/LP#

MJ%JI=SVPRPE)N2Y2&1CQAKW

^Z8
M


ZTNJ)


MLB1_6/K].8Y+UX^'@LH+.MS)
11MZBWR98H-3(X@TL/2/TV_1B-W:L8CYS

M2BN25YG3ARM7@.1]V+?Z/XF2)YN8CZ.?3TQ7*@^+ ROG++5!X07-$#0S
MKA)QDLYEA'



B5]3F7ER0H\&0;?H(
M\7UD@)6
L:U.=X3YKT&E\DTQT2\Z4%0T70F:W8]I $:#^
GJ.WH$Z@(K82$#
M9PAY
+7;/V6V[.8O&
_72.A+[6YR)CEU?UJ_=[.G7*DYMB5IHY\1;(Y!![W8




M0CU-.D/.II^








LD[ZW


:G

?W%4R/6 E!SD7\').5?7]*IZ


:?%('AB^B3X*N



M?N=[JB2SCQU+/*XW&M@[T0$FYX/=#(.Z0J01^@10*D?#L9H(\8Y)R4R8ASW:
M]X&^!'_'\YX

MOS6UZ?O9=M

V(NN;;CD8FF+N;6.*\-CRHR
M!/\SIDVMB)S:F=&B-H+YIL 'A-21=A.;2B:88('_]A4ZPEM[^3^0U%K\[S
MJID3X
 ^E@A$I^(1L1VGJ=J$]O:66;+_1_7$C++12O+@SMV
!PUC-3AW$R?V
M'I.!LY$+#U.V=9N37[EYF+*=2[

M

M%
4L:UESCD2
2X?T8
M@MW62W7%5U[5FF#.F(9O3ZXFS:[G=J_7?I8B14G#7Y8U98285(9/D,)D2

!]I_DE0

\1;
M!T9ANW_XO9.'R8B0
N6&\.Y\DP59^F+M.^D2+=:-'Y+6*58ZB6/7;ENF?61I


Z#G$3Y*@H0

MSK!&2O7#(BQ.V['YO%E8H8G[!7R$?1[0T


/BNR?Y(\\A9P%F\2NPZ:=/+\8OK

MI]PR\5%I;W
RE\AUA





MV7GSU&MIY@F7&OXQN&O)A-.XK_2

]F38L1*V

1&246
MU\+\_EQ=YBXE+@^_JLI3B47]P*97G?IXU5;1FXXMP.U[@PY
]EFZB 5#?.O

X@(=::=XD9UU
MR4Y8+Z&;Q>[[N9Q$NQR'\LZR9/


.=LQZ7DN





BF2.A6E6?^

7^@XQHY1H^:
NTQW/2Z/TO\D[NLI]4
MV+*A8HU74K60*5U/(M&\R8^@8VE7+A8E;JN5FVB+2I72N^QXQV'G'(I7#F9B
#:^WB


M?_()*M/P0$1CP%VC4
XMS-

7$AS
3IEWB@

M*R HHDF=_?218E\)P1#]2\1U1HTM
7JHC
K)K?X
L0-=#G&?MZ4YG;W@ J


M485
#2LN8



8Y9U09G1


7=.*?3U

?4%WL[]%8D
MO
@7T:=AFYA[[EJ_




MF




M/FO /40V#.D*59D0 DCI6







M\H4U 9
5((SZ+#
M8V?=^Q0@$G8*L)!=DF7K*?)5YQB!9CI:8]-[%C0]:#[?:1M';E

M3@G5G=#I&
_+P1N\'-0

M


MG'D

A7E6]^@F(


F8-WH



B'7?L9@];2R*^&?02J\8PLB
M40^5QW]/O/W-2M7=:5*E*=WGEHFCSKDNKM4KH1\1_Y&]J34!W(WM8Z4W064
+'$6O'<]



J9TM+F!]HER*)?\.


JHP=C-GJBCU.(

FSQ7?X42$G8I-GWW/8QLQR
M*%N9R8 RVQ\;++Y-R_MT-./S6
F=#.?
#V+7Q
);4&D&-L/!B17)548!_^+_
MH7\[RG. ;;TK'*C(9R;%#G_S3):]P4J!
=?B;R_K5^N.$?;T=!KJXP^$E&T/
M]]5+GN\3OWQ.A6+)!8B.

.=V#]Y$H:.
M[_@!M=[3@Z6:+]/
F[R*0!/$)L\I\*:MW /2DVKY ^&<61]=DCG#0)A@!'

MD%CIG[GR-

M &AA:6XM
C R
3 V





M/L;XY^JWZTO+[-B%ZK'^S__QET]?V:-X(C;EPLR9WJ ,OM#6?WP4\[(HL+\
MK%S@Y!7Z7W!U&=0_@GX 0__W/TK^NW__)P!J.(I\)NZ$!/J_O]S=G!P2_ZRO
M^'DN'O3,?A%%EO.OU(L/A$J9DKZZFF+EV?Q;[\KLZ?GF5C][+$0\OAC9T6Q

MBT6N7ZCK.1_JW5T/=;'H_4OLZK7(%V0VP&NQ&69+Y)G^P2?UMV88_: 6
JW&

M*AFH@@U%^
M9Z'CXL2W6H@R7Q9LL\H]S8XM76K5TNM<^O-<5





Z^MPVG( AG&7C;
M1O$&0@S!-%%^+DVHE\1^GX2VC#(4(*/C95JZ8!ZY*+(F/ZKXG[VM\G.3[3B


MK338TAK0%[!]7:



5$X1T1(:4L-I#-L)
MP0DR0]# !%0PEQ)2*H9+P4&MY$QU26?+\0[0PU)JB
N?(L# U#JLLJVO/B
MT*M([_2-@U#=6;E7!'?^PFZ&T




MY4X3%'&







E%^^/8YFW+)
[V@-J0<+JC<W2@0?=GVE3=WVUIO79LZ=D?\D**;+%4K^O0D?G

ME$D^57?3_/73MVT4L_E\M]7K[RMNI-?F_B]?W^O$[3J
8S0YNU;OC1FQCD/8



M(_4$:!G!;UI*BVX6%\U*.V

M3I[7
3!D/?39@ZWRU
G6/:$S
?4))]B+4B@\I+@QY1(2GC)ECX:!CF2516
MA?E=238VLEPIIH



M6$
!5EC4=:UK-!QV1'J5673;6FE8%8;MT?0JTW/0[.EUI!C8CULGK5R5Y?*I
MSG7156:T3G_-=;2

M6


M*.JE%






!GR9?5+)Z;I\91JO.5^\G:
VC@=N2MB+-=ORL&= ,%J?,=F;(01G+3/U]
M)C*\RXYAN,BF[QL_Z4-6,C*KJYQ93D- A&D7DQ@'8Q1))12#U)(?&2.(EQ
ME C/* 6Y98RQ67TK,4$MYZKNG9+4C#S:X&QG#$<@];T]88^/,3D8('$$4K!

I4
 Y)))25
M(1


MG


I5Y($F:7+G]JI+%Q


0QPBV3.37 JB

M2N
P34.



LX_B1E3GAZUFF#BEF#-##LHP9NKO$XSA7?;[+]?S
M1;9X^57

S+$D @9B- G

Z*
]QZII#ND%EMGQC!


9CVWR[PX36




9R!]

MU-@LQO.:\% 77HXGP.=3K*LBZ5M5BG#*E/]5FK!%X$*2QWN)S
IAE+#CU'



M0Q%$2


2S(

M'5&6Y2)_$L6G=7BLYY%$QB*&/JYDF4(E9V*(1-AHFQ9D2!DU,+D8DG&1NN-
MS#4!K*0&*[$O%CN/E=F%#W(#/1



\D#.
H@ BG'B0193!*?3]-!!:)$%9AT-WD&!OIU
5L
MS-.
G

Z


M1%PPF#)$H63
]SB/?2*
NE^Y$&9LU/VAU6B;@
]B41U);O+W&X4F.U615SUQ
MP6\K12U7@(LFV(SIAYJVGAG]%6;


#ZPR
M?)Q+.#:*;^0$8B








M@E/N.C;.H&S4HN@^O[1=VJ%=ZI_4'U^6A:Y+N1#9O
FPX!03)/T$RDB[L'$L

MC?7)







PD./0QW38

M2BA


W-:3(8U^LYP_9UM#][?9[:2


MZ=ZN?
4%(XSH*]IH ;;4J

MNGADUYAIW4]O\:(ME84:\?KOR^Q9#_]IG?P@PQ1A&B?0CW6/;
X$)+$OH A2

M(

M#V+J*V)*=6%QRM0_0T;CU(LX\HV*X70786Q$=?7NW=TOU^_!]7]\N?[\]?HK


M/]A28-MP6[47W*0=@]]
4I!=S8#%9EKO
S'09EI/


_
M5NL0#2@D*/6@CXB'B.\S8=??L8L08UN):AW =RVZF'$@\P(\-Z6Z=./&I^=9





M



MF3C 9J0L

IND5GCTY=33)3_1#B!

MS
#IF[JQRG6SB?M5%-\R)DZ4T9]5TUKE9-P)EC_
==VY.@3V75XNMFO:HT2D

M#7
!T7



M
ISNC0O7=)#$Z+O837JZ'\!4K'7101: UFI





M%L#.2N

T$7?R&+IL3VG6@2]\M;N0XA
MO9E_%C\6]]_%[)OX2SY?/)93$L34]Y,0ABA!$(52PE3$6=NT23@B#.S4M=.



MKKZJ1?V4?1.\IG-])L*S;QE?DMF'O!#9P_R=CN8ME/QO7^J_OFRJ.5'DXS,
M!.18-Q-(J =3I%M5Y0B+PR2A-D5FAE0^+$1\G8+$ZT8J#1;&T7T!6RT!W?B

0%11#A



M[]4 5PVJOI7JJ6:#*,X#I$.@PUY1$FJ0ZTQC!.4X_Y+(K3Q.IDJ;LH8Z.4

MXJ&(:!# 5




W



MS^

MG

M4[\\WMC/.C/





$3BCT.2


3I.[;;SHPYJBQF#L&]?F=_8C5MTJ-1G

(TD1S*&
DDBH.0
VI#(]L/'QMC:-F %DZ]
M]$H\R[W4'=C
6*(K&#T3@C$.UA_^
86=?N
[ PSZ.1]3;?_+/7K-Y?TQIC&E



M)!(2IB1-U/+J$8BE+]5JBV7DQ^IW*;EXXWE_U+&MN[;%0_ ^X+MWTM0?)5M
M79WB4(D,?FO^VTLW NP^M^(/1CY]3=83X%AM'%Z\N9NM+1V&V[FS\M%^4E\



MO][??/X(KM[=W_SUYO[F^JL=Y728%C
FZA?LG@E*QRA;EJOO90^T.XA.&:V#
M&(



6801IY
MD8QH2(FT*M5Q?)BQT=M*RJWNU79L=@+-1%(/!\IMCCE3-FN8!C!%20@%3S!!




M,T.T7Y(SE&UR$^.X!.DJ'E8YP2I.YBORCJO]_*)O]UU3%S2D2


M4&+[I%S$B\Z@'@TY;FNDUZM5F8254H
1I!&T0[!DNR!CH$HCJ SYTNQ9'2O\




M-*UF5#3\9/5



M+&841EZH_


38PV;?]RN\$$J\IG+.Y1;^OCQ





M8:NGV'%=62RFZRKS7YF8DR++J^)I.$&
DSB!.(X4G7DAA9C[&&*/8\Y)@#P9
MFM#9R1'&QE@KV:SJSIW&KYV#G*#2
\V8 F)

(=?

M\O&?56[U?9^_L(/O=)\]1W)P*^^DX*O2LGXJ? Q\V#D40H14E]O&@4A)AA
=L06;3
M-)0$BUW2TT#B*CT(/6C!/(TH<3W!69F[0/.C#

MQ=W-[NC5G']=Y.QOC_E

'(ADBF




MPCJ+I./$F;%=_]/1





M E=^%HLIQR&)$JS\K=!/((I]G$J?!B+-,1IXA&)$XLMEUD
/HBAB]K^VDG

M;N67(INS[)G


0 4W


+T=;U3W5A#MSCZ

N_
M5['Z*SOVH[I+__*MD'DA[@2;D;+
9
8JR2K.5J;N5'I$!XRR&6DF#-B*8X
MB&$H


YV








M(/
1]AE&:4,&DN]H@YC6\.JNFO?M&2ZR:4.;RZRZBZU+FFX$&K(FPJU+S2

3B4UZ?'31I[Q%)XU2*&
9I
MH!
#.88480_2T$

^2A&PFA;[OQ08_NZ&TE!)2I8R=JQKD +PF:')&YPZYD%

=-DYXL60QHD'


!BSMU:[;&.0KYP7N9-FOWBMZ];*N
MG1IK##6Y3JUHYR[O6BY''Y3K3.OEXC'7R:2-=1:$OLX^97IJSO1ZPJJAGZ

MEP%
8Q0IDY?XD/@)58!&R(^X0&%$K0H@M PV-IKX='WU]?JK98&#-C#-.
$5



MVY$4-*).E &]\N4:_\..2XY[7D1N


@
M/T1P525\-?JL(Q252GH[72DU =MJZ9CW6C&7-H<CC!T;*)=*-; UXPC$0]/'
MU8.[=G2O:SILMLFJE&Z&*XG LKR(/*/9(023^!J9=RZ!%?!)XO!56W2-.

M' W'3=5/#C=P _5S:A\V2S][AQUE
&UK%_3CV^G-$UBSD(/RCEBAHB!FE*
M

MWZ=(&R$WOD7/739/H-%77\W]X5ZKD^8)M5MZ9YZZHQM/Z )L7XK\6\8%?_OR
M2ZG7\_J(2M?[UUWDJD'?9Z72;9'-EX+?/HNB+O8R#2A/HHAA&.D 3
1P G&(
M*/2E2(7P(^S'5DTS+Y)F=&RC*R8NRVK'!
B5%HLU;CGLMFRHR=!L._9P*K
B5@Q'1S<LQCY;()!J
DH30)J
X5L.&%ML'&








M1O*

MU(


EHA-B
-5\#U3!N=
M



S5;$/%
M0)PD LK(#P4AGD0AM^&D5]!A;%2WDAN06G!0K0';
ZF&72
@_\-=X/
T(=
M^:SWS-/;I=%/%M^GJ^+[]%CQ_75Y_2TD)F#])C5@@#4:8 L.H/%PMQZ\XEPZ




_VG1_W(;*@ T[ M S]U52=6G%N*V]

M997F\&?J!2Q@.!&0\%A ))4+0 

MS7Q]ATCU3%NK5

MV[H129.D-'_8M8:FL0Q)0$(



MD% _CJ15'




M'??4R-[XQ%_6H%?RUYLSUV=1M^\%U T[M^V!+&48MF-0-X .F@AU?$S7?H5L



M(R./$N9SZ$5Z#-^J:@7QY!&4L]YB.?6*7LM0\W-DIMI+UXJ^P
R(:FI#/H




0

M74+9

M[55
C!AG.-(E;[U0*MKA!*94LB%K@68HPCJYZL9L..C7P::6W;^!@A;
8Q

8




6 19[ N(4LD@%83!
/%C]*0I8S9U2*Y7B;CV68JB374@I6'1NM




M0$008:'[XGI
Q12&GHP%JD
M*8]3UJ61P_XP8R/(K;W\M9R=8E-/H&KL:EZ(5?_NHS5
'5LLG$*AA[8*!T.]


M_F&K9*'W2W$EE4&@.R)_4!)

*4?$
SI/

*Y+KQN9:_GTX)QK#U
:S6-Q*;;_1<E$0MICZ3/I(X@R2@&


MH40H%


4_H@8?;L#1<'V;W+Y]7VP:_9

MN
Y4AK$QN]Y0TZU8NT?-&:./2$@3RF.(/4DA\I@/L8@$#% 01
3W8V[;-+=G

O8_ V8

;9O/8D];TVKXH[5:D-

M
XJ




JC@)Y'8N8'J?0ELEF\SXPW-BK8.D52\H(=@9NZ498+
M_#G S59\AS#V3!07(6A??L(


X:L+]0+ST5)$_8S4;4'Y*RDRO2[=D47=:=KC$8D
MGZAI1D2YJ2R!::)F/?K_V/O:YKAQ;+V_@JJDDMDJX5Z^@1P\TF6[5FE/);*

MGIF%0CJ%S!\.

\PR1%!8-9PDR.'4OK;#LI




MRQUO &0#LUH_4-VWO(X(^=WWV@X^[.;7$9*C';#K_3V:^VKJ^RCK_][.JUCU
MY\5
/Z.L0\R^+6:SS_6)\(0R3#

?Q




M0RJRO[%_:$
3


MG6+O6X!T#W$87=R](S*]PASLX^U[!3H

MV_D-_3%=T5F3F*Y
3DTN*52448A


4180@R






HY_=
MP Q\ME;R#@2 O8&3M40-#E?K0(H=*$#-ZP:
IL:H23!8XW$%ZK?)0 *V]0)'
M_S8YF-BC?ZL&


M-!O#52
GH$90\

T67IGE/^C[+Q\6/$LEA$




ML3](*E


MC[Q&VW#^E&E3+
JU#9857)L'1:8_6!S!5&1)5L@BY6Z5(_N)
[:O_$(GT\Y9


M000A8S(!8\$QDK

M=E3\#G
4F).=IR=





MIHHE-ML.A F.L$ 0IU+;)4HP2

M[N\/X/.WN]_ Y]NOUU]O;K_^JYO'F__=OMX^^G!C0LZ3(L=880%.SKF'XM
M1GJP%M^$L?YB- #3^5_ 1@FPU2+(UJ\[B%YYJH
8@Y)9=Y@.&:_'D[K1XA=9






MGT%Y3]_


M+PR&H1U4M=552PUVQ*X([G\NIMJ2_9O^=]5=8:L*^#V(1]T=0K]AI/;##QLI




[
M_5N]*LZ?IF;;7]5OVIK-FVA4A9
H55D21Q%IEXR@BRC#8D45$B\U2F3H'_
M3J./C9G6PE=+^E;\=:6QW6UDQZ1^M\FQXZU@D =F
*]H.Y-9)]2\TIJ;!(
2


\
)/8XOQI

RWK8D\OBWD5%30I:
SB)

N/X52_.H0Q'A


H]EU';=7WR$&YFMSOU*/)?WA=OE5$^44/<KN2+^4D
M8X+''%&(I8@@RB(*&988QBHCJ&<9-2I6*O%F&
CN%KD*U );;P9:[%K?P;X
MW4@.*M$=HQML)L#.6/(

XS:(QTLGC-@





M!E NHX_-Y-P1O@K^U.*#K?Q@7X%N/:2



M'6-(7G[

!]



XCF T\[.]P!2X#7K&)\ 994O


D8R.CK9A 26GV[HV@;@S4?6;LV&D0O 


MGY958N1/V9PAE776ZO9\0;
E0H1'




Z3/36.MVD





C5



M9[[Y1SLP2V^!OCD&NI8:K



8)J0M&1^
MB]MOH;;CI  !J:E\^7N5PO )+BG4W$%*H0?6Q'V7OC^*U!*^!O1W__\-PV
M4%QKXA\_(!Q-?=9OZ83HVR-!4IBB7)I E@22A'*(

:*92F$B$=&

M- 
W0([2#!QO[YAF0



MCC'%O:;/C@*'FI3 O%BI85Q?NXI4GO4=5?8:1#7*!KY[ -6ORD4?00:-L7
M W1'*1@^GMDG-N.1_OE-&@T/5H-7V65[31BFF0TTI8AEU 1GD$
(4XR[DI


M$:@H-AD0&G
BTQ3B/
&YYB1


((Y85;GFX+8.-C6C7LH+E1M@K


MSMST^O):=5 ZKG12TZ%Y!Q[-H!,6%4KE,84%U315]6@L<Q@EL=(8
8PB7)'

ME[T 0].9
S0GZ

M9)!GC!NWFX0X%PED16S.MC.62ZO2GV='&!L#-^'_&RE!+:8=VY['L9TTO: 3

ML;NU5R;/U6D-(=J!2B5&!(.1(P*N(X2;'^'Q$NGO.]IX_27PYX+1R@E:A=
MRM
YNK2Z0A)Z


M1/!+:90L'?/%AYQZ.\8=VW0.U(6K?X/ZIA3G#@#-.8$I([ NKW$%MF_
=.ZM
MC?T[3I[??E\#RC]LD[#A)^:HL]@[B. U8/GFV4AZ.S_JCV&Z\];*K.
')IE

M/+E#N;\S08LWU]\^/5S?/$Y8E/
D+R)8B-SX5PB!&!4YE$B0)
^%B J\WG4\


MFJUK

D8B37+'8J?%D!QG&9@]7
M51KAAR
#?:Y1B!E\(**#MO
M@]VC.O*@^8_R1_ZE7TVXWY\79IDZLHA8:Q=.9&*<FV'2BCC*(6(1)G)<B.0

MA 6UM(U+]ZK:EGN





P[B(!41I&D%




M(U+DD)(H@BC6ZP-4@QQ*M(DR;41*ZURBW'&QO[KR4&9HJ!Z%


 B5_'\HR-A*OXRYG
M6P&#Y70?S8J=CV$@K 


)D$GHU3 &$<8(LD3B5%FG]C*62DIP0%^H=1.JQ
MD?3W^7(C9]6!;Q-SWZD0QS S;T?OHYO/]SW=OP(;7=?)$K4.5\ HJ7^[ F]R


&#1J&'R
MEF2C2%77MRXOL=CH4OZ'@S.XVT19N-B#PQ^8D+H@[QQNTV
*'%STP:=B(*]]
MERGQY
3O!6&K7[_;DX=S]??2?
_[W^])W0S_^Z4Y95R]F;#HU?6\RKW^85[5

M7E63NE'PJNI?LOE=Y0KG%ZI&!IY
!TO\O29U( /]/2;7S8X/



M0P26D'3XY$\JWN












8


SE1BL8J+A!D



M#[OOI52O
U-3H![-]':L6CM.F%)YS)FA+:8)C.8(8JKWOBA'B*L\25)LWVNF




M9&7R#_XE)WTC^/^?])U)MW/HC&LJA]T

M'J

M341$


J)?EJ^E.:8F@O\I'^^4TOU2;O

O_AS$#)KR(.

Y-IL]9/;Z$F(:)U!F
M


R#5(NE
MD7_9*)RF3$HF*(0X8AEG %<R6$+!C/Y%

5/


75Q
;8.-SE_4-$A6S6EQW?ARMI;:C=1:
M4;8C

11*C0O\V=:.34(&/CCZHM\$*!M90=,^1/XFE'$GU1
MLP.UYR;TO!F2_1@BN-4M1.__Q#FZ

M

J5N9\C
#

M2.?2]7W


ZNWDM5XL7_
M+IH.+TT1E2@5)$N)\8D:?T9







+A)B@PO9NY

D(3$][C0;6D&^POCHQ
M








XH9+$;DG=1R.
C8%J&X
MS.F2
=

L)!/0$O

M$.=1IM(
PTA&5-

M5DJ$@Z3%&5H(BEJ;0K+W9Y

M$/%$[Z9SFD'-T9HQ&$UQ8M5OTW; L5'%IOKZM/;5KXS$CA;P)8PM35N/R(6V
C%6J)C%_S\M*@P]J-EA <&82V]W6CEYO%R\MB_K!:


MZ/W!GQ]AL(_^HI*['_[EBSO&SI]L2KC3PO##VW&#PS_H4GR9SN7M2KZ4$X8R


MY&Z$_DW^7
Q^3N=/M?/H
]T;R,NX)6\0#4N[%J.\IVA.D-N<!<N(6L%A2L)0U0$M\*$Z_4
MU3[BH*QDI?PAX=C=U.]@ZI'^N1
U^EUO/LLZVEV*SXNEG#[-USE)DXBB5&&N

M!N4K*Z=B2I?3KD=:#K
C%2-

6&+2L5BJZ;]@


M[\\ZIKER.Y 
\WT


94_3*F7'&QM65F.#3
M;HI(G6*P4[7:M0OR:8#M;% /L 7FY:7U<@8M$C*!20\]R<^/=; ;8A;%3[N


M5U^^N&?KW_*C7$Y_ZJ7NIRP_T)G);G]XEG+UQ4R47O\^O&TO
#4D36Z[Z?SS

.)
&5P)&+.I( 1
MR7.(L%YA:)K'
&



M^XOYTZJI5?5W.7UZ7DEQ_5


MZ)S!\?:^?2=



)D5


M


MI[-I13E-D/GVMYJ]/DZU+6A*JVJ*FF2)9$5N-A&43:]H8X42F

M


 ]-1O3O9:5-DMBQ&
M7KOTM4F1^;PNEW%KL#UB]FH^.2R7@A[9KMNL@S,A[T .V;,?H_KQJF/2TG+
MU^5;56:L.HJ?DPMN% 
\APIB#)%(1





MI


M]UP8=.#Z/780')?PL;QOX!*/U1]_DZ4YV+R7R^EQ!-L8@HHE!P)2$B*H=





M?LJ)RG 61US ..



 WS'I_E
M;]4PE:5]IZH0SN%);?G32HK:,(P1)(BT],8098E3/^12D$933*469=X]'1



.DE_R![*(]2DHI80=.6&J*$
MYY!&N8(L3B

9(HG-,<9U!QJK?L,J%ZRZXH1S.
0.W[PNET:J*B]SD(SI2!+
M([0L)QGE$4;$5*%EN3E4%9 B)2%6@LHHY80RTJ63J&<Y1QION-L%6WH6*?6
M]V3:6=7O






LX;G*E7!JT=M9DK&1SDZUZ=T:TR;L8UU)





/U'DD1(
20B


E9
MBA%.4VR.$=%Q*E3S)/5J&-CMNN'[\#(!R/BMJ6SP]ANC^<=N< DN-


M&#85?4]$E==])Z[G8B?&_)OD

PIQ+



B(%E (E:991SF.G

1X1I$J

GU.TH


@P
#)


M^OPV.ER!KZXE#RPFP8[-_ (;F

.8-Q'

MWMDA(

MFD
4
PEQ6F(D)8DB#.D\C!:QY*SI%ZOC?B5XU6EFL%#!G22@7PK'6H?JGQ

MP[4_PM]T)KA4%?UU/\

M
78!9Z
U2B_$N
/%^05$;2]2
.0X?1IQ5]L@\Q69?9 9J DXR2*)
:89Q''!

M@5W'+MH7

YL'5A$(X



M2T@E$I!3R6.J%(FH591$Q_''MCCL:K -^-WH HEP%8+!_;J,#D6ZT18R,.?
M13JAW24[NP/L#DM'6/@'6D\O?1NRT=W[%H7D0Z/'6XIZ:[SWH+2XS'=/#CK


U5%1.-(&4TA03Q)LPSDGNU/38
MIW!C6Y!V F!.UB3=Q)O=_91+L'J6X*N)W?ALV-+4JG1T^7B=9SL_T'O-7NU



MOZV*NVB3TH2;)U%

G3/$LS;M47RW;




_P;


#FWP^?LM+ &TH&:/0
Z$#6W ^N)C1V@


C?NHW9[%\





M4ZR+-.^01=8#M-






LR]-8$0;CF#.()*60
$;TPH91AGDA]'[%9CFS&VYLJU M
:A%!I7




3]_EY6G(ZNY?+Z4)\UC\K)TG&5$ZR)M#4!4Y-(4

MG#S7%U'HY+ ^_]3!_-07%=MU3U^^V&?SSILZ\F0Z?]J&GDPBR44LC ^ER!.(
M



M

[;X+=P%8?VWXGT\#KS/I;
[U0MIU+W;P'EJK-(JR*#:E
M+V(!48$X)@B$.4R)U+&

M!-BY;OS#.L3RW60]:F#KO
%3B745QPJ\#F[2/'
M1C3?YU61RJIEH6A[^#3SA7=M [


3ORFS\'-G?KT)W\V1\W&JWHWOZ'EL_F_^5!_

<V[-DU


MH:

IV#-]
9V3&AO.NLV1'4 '







MPG^ '6.UN ?M;^K)P,L=EKE#3-!=NM/0-@#+T!'!7]KV4TBRG'G(I-4FGD



M/H''Z__54IO '5(7QNL/U#49M*VMH*W\.&5[9 $B;$\M2 [Q-FV:+ZV5#+



M@31[[;4[

M^I)6)\*'HT0RFLN(0!''1-D'
8:4Z !J*E$8


_5N25$A+,(HA


M_^.401+E F990O(421EPJ^)EIA

M'\[E&*LBQ['6$41002)BF4)
BS%-$P3:U2# [

30:^C&=@R\K&14!@;\)




MGUZJ?5.28E;_W

M9;I?!PO_5O?KT9/+J\-UL?.$G8=HJW/




MJXO0;]
IKQY^$+

==W



MFKT8_;K9G&':\\*YC^0:Z#HKWLB\*A2W]+AJRFW\L.OYUD'T&Y44 Q+$0:S6
M#*5

6








7/<FXDZ,8IRKNVV22E&F5J_F.0$DCS)(2))#/,H
MI##/.<NR/$LQLRIY[[*T([82_& J.7KK ON[I(8.C][ ;IKSZ=UW]O5JER?
<'

M%

$/&;JMHV8;_IJ0:J[Z6DFGS&
MT:8EF5=0/9)O2V%*!]UF:51GN92REB=N;(,*8,

Y;F0Y
(S_(=MJFU%*D
M#VU1Z@;?J?:DCJ



M8HJ*)4X
VPLQF*FVY +#IQV

M

O_7)RNJ'102TPN+J^M3 E3H-J8)=YA:I[

MF7^JZW(&AUKIC2B61(0Y@;EB7JAL
 2IY ED61J*%.$PQY%-@/]YXEAQ=0_)

P=G?XO4\2[A4![A



M+K5#VN4.VS?BO5]E&R#O^R[;!C.S*VVC$3_@9MM&T\
7W%8CG-EMMXZ!QA()
F8C\W!

X4']/WMC4L_

MC^+7_+
2]5\C&H=1(D(
U7 8HDR$D @901ZA()
X%#FV+ !M)\#07OU[H5M=


MT5+
9H*KTUW=0[(RKT81%KG$/(-1&HBZ&'2.
@*92'.2AFD8F(7YM4\S-$ZT
M.

^
E





M

U'][IB4-4'/:-
M


A$(%'*2!C'1F&36Z
.C3XTW1?EO&#*ZOY=$-UFIKYR

3R]3S\





M+-AGZ;HK[_4
O1M-;-(AGG2:+.OC1
(
J2!.* 




8*LB26$#

M#637$]XU8


(L%3DD
11A@
MB )EN1/!
JB;O%$J0I0+JZW@'&&&MGVL
CJ?2#$I_UJ9[T)9?=
)F.CN0Y
W



K$QR&G!L%&/H4:FC4


M*G:A[PN95^^S3[R]DK07P7HE:Y]0[I*VU['M

MF;[HNT2)$DX)PS!- G6BC10;XR 





ADXYC#/U!\)BM
@#9(P$?R
7-#E/$-C
DSDT0W<6ARQ31U5P?F22ZJ_)--&]Q]U(
MX4[MH_/I2Q4H^



ME81IF6MHY* ELR.!-B#-B

MR@T&BN_R@\E'W#AB7;-_E8R(DY0J&P%#'I%
%W1!
.=

-
M^U






_Q5-?U6OO'
M





MG*WFNJX=LY_%1
AB/HJS
*8LR*0G$)$609IQ-1FFJ:(H3A5;LSBX3O]OFL
M*+^'1.Y54L@Z-WOING;KAG8
9[
3J$?T.B;[%7 ;?-







ZK20&:Y%!
M(_
%V #VTM/%EB-

M%




H2D/%X^K-JRRFG





=;--H@NCX=@)DB&XSRF26Y5'L]J



ML*2MJON$= Z;!1PNZ


M



WQ^?=3V8O3K





MB:P5T/_2HBL;NIS/JMH*EGY6ZW4Q.YUTB7;7ID
C^C[26GRHUOJEQOS/2H5N
M




97'K'KF*'L8;.F
M(4

=/9=2.$(T&91) S'$.4
MYSG

(\Z&IF-FJ%%9!ARN1?28
M:=&&@-\
BX
S]9M9T:;L7D9%Z\
NWM]E:4M=IW*KH.6W\922\=IX^3[]J9Y9


MZE+J@$J?)M7\XE3W)^^K8^/F[FV5^G*%=[U:EJYS+_BVN]?/FZ)'%[P7++;=
M]'Z&=.TSV03?6ZB&1[$4Q7[59WA!,EYQM,(A@BIDS+F N8A(9 G. E#QI),
M6.4-MLXVM/UJ*9O3Z;@=5S.[UQM:'6\NID Y= @T ,!S7\V&7ON!FB@_'X/
M0)







M?#:]+$I/[IKN%L?.3W

MCGL?3W4&^B4MYS/YB/.@C!FB$&!J(0H$G



M$+.W@HD[



K^U;@0V*:K0?S2?[?L#]CYDINQZY6L6-*OKR[
MN;HX[ A:G[JKK,E953]5IZSJFBPH9



7K#U'.A\GDP]!T)[
=-

M-U'.34
E#- V8U$_&'9
C4OXEE*#3$]=E(X87?C@G'I^NW



F 0O#. FR

M$_@PJ!]7%GA'GN%6!CX
W%G%@8\
V7

SF=S6*1!_


M7PJH*P'-%1K@=IE_5P
B@FH(=G,U!M %IZ7!1U&:MYYJOQGY.MY62YO27Q^
MI!G:'OQ-#3$OET+_0^@VW8)?JIV(/(GJEU_(7*PIEV=!&B;JNQP)22!#

\




@%?(MT_XX7H:=$_VX6PR[)
%U#%!]

QURVN
/Y2B$B&<IQ&D2PI1)

.S$)I0UY4+


MOE%

MZOPT+OZM XB)^MM[652QPO-G4?7Q9?.FH
USW7Q'06&W[_A;8[.MY4-6KFNC




7FAW&#I^E6O!.BD-=5AGO]6RMZ?HM[;U0?7V*E$??LIKW6C;
M+^.I80;T]3Q:/[B;KZPI

MF!7S0E35A=[K
'YY-RLFK'C53:G_2Y#9HUHC


I+9DE2:UA



MN;#2QN/A[%Q _9[:G*7I]SAW+FA[Y[RS!W2XGEYV]ZZZP#R+!Z)#=.\%$\6;

K?OK


9Y
M1BE7_T?
HU-W!A\:%VZ(9Y6)=A X ZO[##BZCF/PB82%W7L&(CW9LQ;(V%FH

M(H((
P:5X4-@SE/=I7A-+8BM[;)AD9E6[*F1+V0A^K&W$MDR[;0#:C+%_0






M]G+^(IBQ9U?0=DR6UU(*UH08KFIFWFNJW-;C FQHHJ%?ZG*AFY\L?(1AGX-D
M!R69#07X@




;#CUJ$
RPLW+*REF

M7'058&C44%53&JLC *]+0E1.DF*E2UDU0ZAUM(CQ=UF9=AKI ^^..68M?=VG

MUA)NI
TXM5

_?_WHD\XW




M8KZLAWDUK2+


[=YLY0JW.-8-A




(VA 5:6M(:UM*[PBZ[3SF$[..R<H5

Z<26_O2_-DY5C!YM6S,9N[5EK$8]=ZL?NP8]^;A:X4=2M7MQ-+52.! H$
MEC2#&2,ZRR/&D.9Y"-.*(X9XC0VRCH^.=/0+)9:4'U:F*YNZ\I&5LLF-$?!
M-6,<+Y!US#)KM-9WFP^GT+)O7
*;_M7H[.UF\KEU-*[[5I.?D!UTIPL^*-
MSL6C5=OYG\3? G46[XW_G7TDQTSEJ8A3*
(MC22$.8J3#.J3N'
H@8I&N




M'
J

!;L#MV
U()K
M>ZP6'2QEOP KZ


MIE@W3$YAP' 4





:4^E1GQ
M:U=OQ *GUH(C)N/T5W'$0JNMDB
VGW
\.V8Y<:@$J%[!2XD@UI8NF]GUB<5P*:YT#I2^RRLYR=)W@:5S
M #M08NFLX=R(LNEVU@RVS'S1/8$02C@
(_4'BF56A^G&








]I[-^]$?NQ$S'F8]$%B.*(@(%
M#I4!F6 22QB&06QRQF$C.C5&F_8@W- /WC+P]_T?0
/M%EL\FZRZ0HGB9

G8[W=![4X-WG%O/77XFZV_4XMWA+9./?Y'=ZRWO96V
ML


4I
THPS.0'?/'40Q7


&OK9]DJI)'W-X\7
M/=;P^&\3TCIK_RU3$ XV![$Z(/N95]O)\N:D-5[.%M4P4 WDW(Q4Z]@=<![



/IOC&+%6%'.$FS%6/MS
M#(V9EB):DM !\ S)YCQ(NB:51KK. NA;U/?+$0?FZ9<+CBNZ]\ZW/.I:AG?9
MHNZK$JRN^+M0]NFJ(D9Y)V9?BO%&6#5M?LH#9$
0J:
$Q%E$(DDA#3B(4P2
MA+

MOE0?J)ZT[)MIOXIF%-3IVG1
4%N]


BRC(:2B2P*;[^-&9K&BEAX[CM:@FLHR-/LHF&8<X@6BCAEDV6E@W1T3


MTT@89C#(,ESS@D/N;0ZW'4M\-!,GVU]=5+*IL95.92YPNPTAHT:H.UWKI*
M\U+S.G*SUMW4W?(Q7Q\S.AW2EZ)C5A[


OC2Q\X\S
JF[4=Z+5W4*&B%&1)8*1%G"(69Q '60C3C* L
M#A%9M& ;9

;;-9R@G6@H):4K-MH170=BKW!5/'].N D#%1FD!P@-Q*P?[R
M-'W[J_IXS6OJ+Q6=5436.F@OY&.BUI(PC)YUR




M^YON$:B.7_8E1H];&+D4?FC[_IDGE_D!K:=L
5?P[/*^3D/2FLC5\O'^
K-.




W=.?

ILIV2@0


B_+M7WG51:MQ*-LC;2<4W@A\0G;+E6*N$KM(Q
ME@FV'4#J%H[B=J/B$-QAM@Y$
4 +-




M#Y:=4=6*0ZL-=?B3_9E



7ULFY!Y%UHR_O.#5,4LM9:Q2*HIP9^=-

F3&41:@4 NH
5H@$


L6ZR\4I;QY+TREBTDNX1E_7F' 

M&W19/S6)TRP-$ S3D$(4X!B2&.GD78J27!(9Y
(X7-%@PL'QTU+DYK:'Z_31




9G%.($IUFUZ$$QC+'$58!A$QNU/=&WEH.WXCG!F'[^/4




9

+?2RZ+0Z






M-;:'W58\38^_OE#JF$^_%A

%6.OA\]1L

ME\IL4VRG2&][E
/)QN4H207!




$6=P/)L3MK)T+-)Z 30OEGG-HQC!P@=


D
MSU




M$+C@-U%G+JJ.4M01#
MHZ6OTYDHGB;@JBK#P=[!AO3@?Y&7U__35&M9JV!I(MDODIG%UGT'1/8ENR@
M$?YB_MUG9RU!OX
*F?PO-I7]E+T:FXY@[1K?;D/Y!B$/9T\/8K9RQ=!Y[\3
M/:V.RKP7KTW.D+;^B@DK7LGX9J*SA[ZJ;_8H1Y2C48PJDZ%\J
0H(XU8L7




 JN2%6;3#HW5EE8?6UI]\TW+P]72




M@S;JE ?^.Z@<\W+*_MF&U

HD(FD



8=BVB&LW9Z1)7G



MD
LD
P6='&+

M;G3\]=5L4-RK!_FB*=[LQGV73Z5X+\&$)2D)(66*0Z10!E5B)#P'' 
AH(

MY:B6X48EG\MN'[**Q2?ZINC=:GK:O/U]+N3=4JW6S]7QRD^I.:L0[?VEG]0E


M686H2.T&V/K1F
2R-T#MRTB9@0

D7A



1U(KHOUG/:GE-RM

0Y3(








_[D\
XPMCZ5\(S?.<911<]L:#$J+:S':6MJCY+OC!V+

3H;
MR]RLI+[
\\U
9HAR%BF(M6T0
4IT!!)QJ&@4

1E&'*GG&H_9DV-Q?;4=J^V
MZHEOVY/@*[!USFQ7;=T#M7_@]YV'P+CHN%[R--UV?#G^) Y
J)[G[W:I0XI2
M*M%GPROJ/OMEN''M'$;:WB%\Z@'A]^[NR\H2SVE!_DT-_(R\U7_?6?I2P)
MDRR)30-K!%$H!61A2.




AP3B!0S






5?MC#OB# S

M7?+L@AYGJ4!(!R$XC#!$.*80B\CH-V8J$P)'.
.]LR+__[2OX@:_7?0_&*@#
MOX'.)R..L7O2;7ADPFGL5O21RKU





M)5U_GO^4

($LI%)'@]@TAY$$Q?UW$D\
/+4PS]@%E#;

MSF#;Y[OWX5PMFZ*Z7
8H9(+ 3
H (D0Y9%BF

41*Z 5*(B/3?9OFLE HPX8U9* +VLF!HKU)8Y)S-VFP/O^T;=



CQ\JL

V48/HKB3.-


MUW5QOJ7?7%Q*V^*JLX#;D4$?& =F@J9IP-CF

OV*%(<HPADRE$0PBO7[%:1#@*)G]E&NV

M#NK W%3:#PL'P
Z#LE+^JBBF*MI.-YVI\L.T(U[3P[KCZ#M7K(




MIFE ((I4@F1 8L#!*

)T

$D#?4B+& $4F[.


MU&D&[9AJZ'D9F

&94/^T!UR):]
M[N6SV]=UJ2RIK?@;7;S*6880(23+8IC'7QEIAMVHA=E+.$J5LK4S@%7U:C

M0).O






MCE% 1 1Y@&+-\TQ!G*D4





M[8:XUE\N(04UYY*Y3M%V83N^FDMBQTEE*-!(FPT50LRGP8)IKH]:\L0*GB

M0#M0_& C\3S?H%W8_Q.V+72OML=Q^/^3I[NO0ZW:&/K.0C_?5@!N7S17FH

@P@2JC4[X L@01ERF3OTR!V*NIW


0





;


MS$5QL[N-?
X+I;P@0UG($85$Q9J9

M*T%AII/T8 N8[3SI!Z*!^:X#.M9$=AF -D+2GVZ0D?[MD(A:;C\*H5QVKR8&

MQZ93G=&Y[YM#65%_L
:J(NH$FF/=4#L:[659SX[8E50N_7[14 7KNVH#;AZ
M?EXMVF18@&6W^7YJQ0S&02A#I



Y61!*=$
MPZI

L;UB





;KM;_M0+
MI]7ZS?2:J/J^8A+*5#(='/.$021TK(&E#IV)9*%V7G^50GO5$YL1IT8E'VD^
MSX&8*VVZ-%&&?I'.:[

MCE@Z;#OXQG2D/0@/V+IM2+C@U+H[876C\;8J7/S:V[=P^F#79C$OY9%Q?J_N

MD_)+WQQMN._\SLPB^=88H2VM$-#J=/(VL5QW=$:JPU+$Z;0F!
]-EBI04!

M86!U@+1:[HMM/LR??FSNU6]Y5;TPWA&0Y)BB#'7M$&P@BQB @:Q2EC&:(P


R= A9.43*)PR
M$4[E%FCZ!;:.78$C


K

MC:G@F:19!%/- 

_XFEW11-+NNNA];
MGA5ZF%+70'7(B1HQ1CT[1\!X BI71@I.NV(Z4%SJ;




W
('L[ 5;@T%I
(..G@<1.(TY=UV &_7BR*K?8Z4JDK;X,0
M\RC&B&:Z$5'C$-(
(J@



M?(O%NQDQMCQ\)XA.,)WNT\W:JNK2K9MPJH0L=J\OBGSX/1Z99L(EU^S?+.F
M?#/C2%$E2 B%Q&;OB$:0$1+!$(4QRP22*$(N+-?#EJD17NW*O[DQ7I_9L._

-XQ)D



Z+)_SH1J
\NN?

MS?E\
PLI581(!9

PFNTI^JVVM1AZWL-8%C*



_:!PH!#
*EP #1_\45Q7]+RR
MG;

MUW5&#YK.9TA$L4Q1 K
H-7(O$8(X#F




0)51!@M


M0UW(6






D$D1))%D@=^!&92H0#K*1=Q^:N
M!DR-5Q_75,AGNOY'64[


903&35JW?'





L




;?NT+2
=[CK@Z

PC$($42@QI'JA!AD.DBR-

MKJO(5[GYLUX]F[Q


Y@(&D-$!()
( 5C3G!&
A+HY;C3&\*#45-[%6S[G#YI=_)__:#?
M_[G



M6%/CWA
2-L981P%_&Y#MJ-
3= 
S8F?4/


XT: G06K4


AC!.P'YAEKV*^*








KTPIP[W2]LY((CF/


M

M*$%1%


M


MESD;




7K.F:*S/.754X7?UZO
M7E_NZJY%1A^DZ(#^*D6U/Z3I9:VY19N@YAO#
C

K7CU


FEH4
M5AD*9)FK5&;+KHJU8+GDWX#%SHG!N/?\)'IG82]3


M



5+D_!.-G@QGZ3^FCJ[/CJ
M^7FU+#=DP
OKVOS+QM1Q\*;\XXO^? X^S)?E_HSKZ627N;
DG6'G8W!6*OJT




MS H=_R%8^[#C1UQ6
)P


P8-%)V0ZQ(;GG/<<QX-
W+L=\[-XUCO[)5]NWE^TGSQDYKDC/QN












M1-



M7P%CMI
2N O\=LL\SZ .S-E?5LLG^&7^L^C0LWR:FY2+HF6+-]7P#KAXUC6[


$V'@C1F!+$8)3 E#291BBB(V6\HG


MF

7

L
MX1#Q.($$AP&
$IED

MY

:39P BGQ6$$6<(I3*F*N(AQ
?WADE_I?^U6M^\YIO5L^:&XE ]Y$@A+O4
!$%D



=TR7E
C?'@DM1;)%^
MTX.LY6:^+J4*Y5*J^2;?U=+LI)VB$)-





M2_GUM4CNB9#(4AG%
(MC#A$)(HBEU.0GDY@@3#


M3CZOUI+3O


M1%*G9
4+XTWM^2[


MO^NG9R.7]TH]E&6ECRO3['JWBOAM.=_



M&B5





M7K
7E*WUG-WN/%Z]9R_/]^I!^]VIVU*HN+



M:O[B9TMDO$;

MBGC




MXX1D0F4(8L[-UB W:PG
(24J)D@'

_]99*SYBWK.

4F5*=FG.)


IOTBJ'Z5*N?^MJ@/_]+IK2!^()*4T
MBR.4 I1@B3$=:+($+B
)-9FB&K][W#F%.C@F(CWR&@MT368AWD'Z^!::$T


MDX1CG- (2AZ9[&FAH!XA@VFH)




P%?)6[9AZVPVP7M'H#
M;V.WL.M82FH3/6J!7\9$=\B\TCCJW^?MGY$[+O%A_JWSKN'-GS63F97A
M_;+N8E/T

MLWK


M+7G4$W!#LV
7S-Q)S@(



M?M0E@CLLAPN&#G?HJ&3!BS.N_!M]



L$1PD/4J?XU.#3(UL=C:TDCPNS'3\1#G))QV05!?D :F



NNCV$;%<_H1[1]VR:_DC_74GI/Y1S7F9&EAVB26I#0@

M?-$9



M2U

M(C.]$C.JYX2F




M3KV3 +05T*

M$4:EA9/.'3[BIR_JJ@W\4O;=R._5E]7RZ5&NG[\8H?A[=;.68KZ9B3A5J6E:
MR%


GZ&13VFC^5%OM4




FCOD7&@?_P%332J%U[?E?+;IG7S:LCQFF
M&((A


M8#.!:8*(2B%'1N0LB/(HB!F8H8BN.(IL0I0;J7-5.CDH8S1?CP7\98\+.R
MUI4^^DR3+=.
!/[@I+3#74?UA1::^$GUDP@V*[!S[&I/YO$*[)R[*CY4^ ?^



U#OPHEU+--S?7#[??K_EFQI
T





D#7(O_M19C&*+\V

M;E :#G[?F0Z

M0]G?%I SLO[6'^^8RLI_2/&ZD/?J09I][YYK;0?'^31)
WIDE\*;2* DJC
M*(@A5:$)AS
*B0I
1T-&$QD)% CNE.AJ/_;46*PVW9SR[1E?[ =7YH/_F[R
MN[S8L=G Z$]


DAT#CH7]


MZ=@@:O.RGGW]]UF(

M'^#?S3B6%0\U+.WLU
'9@0GFZ^W?P;_?/GR__4\/S93VO6M1P#57EL^X^6FG

FB#'*$(TSR%&80A1Q!ADE*:1I
M$HM )5CRU$4*HF4LI\=J!#F(1S.&D7UHG =6Z92%*H1;'-$&LEV8X FZ@1_2


B CT\D8HDP+D




M)$2F&1%

1M8++80M9(EFH8Z[G4SQ(7





M$F#@F7*KO ;FN-0+\1QJL8\(+$7OV GSOVD=8QQWB?M9LWY8!Z].V(1FB\
MZ$E0J(W/2!Q%/$@B&
N 0D1T:

M\*U[8+7UKU_/ =?YLSVF&&Q6!C^Q:!Q
EZCOS-]Q9:GA7759+7SP+0WD#-X


Q4&



M Y-GS#=[9P



MPBA.1!9;%0^T#S

8


M-


M(J:Z9J8X2H0(

#[3.=K_]&%Z]U?I2[.4$T?QU+<7]4MNDP\NJWWI^L'
3R30+0JH@

M%&S=*P[@'+
1_4ZUZR;=R!
XXJ[=;I*NP*4YU;-X
(


-$R%NU8UR6

K#*G$XE-9DIE36__@(D
Y.Y TB0XKUQ.Z++MD02YWP@/YP#G.6Y
MKOETK#KT*H\ME33+!0*)S#F 









MO%&F6*(YI[J3\Y=2^_5WU51
,D*A& $#$A @D5@!0J 7E&8
ST/*

NBWK
MQX8:VU=J)#7GQ:98A^


/;;ANU5[K%1

P-LDM%]





00TR7/ 55HD+
^9*)RZ
802;&PTUM4K








MDV\KET_BQS8&+@V'?+$8JH'0F=?!L0/0(6U/=_39NF/ #CV')-WNN'/P@^F
MJ4_V2E/'J@X#_VU.9\O/L_K,_$PC1)%(1)4 )JK%$ )(351((




1;CMOQJ_Q

MM5
X[YIK2VHNQ00JR:')5Y!
6S00
Z&9*X4@%21&.$X1SYWR8T^
-38:^_IL

]]*RMTZF2M1PUD[%G@$-7=.

MJ$*







M*V;]FJ@

M6A_T7

M-YK7OJV^WJ?T BNP!\A[
AQ#2OI&MF8/8!\W3_L8S



9H
I

6K]:AH+KEK-
MB&Y1S\JS2V#PB2:$019G(

M_;S:^1MO

GGD)E:K&;7E?K6BX3R9
MGF8@J




AHPQ91.Z?T7@VULS=XGK<]/M%R






M4\NL(@E19PB9!V56&N756




%$H[H2GBFC.XI#';OM;-L..CD0V4O_5=6?+F;;;:[0X/6^Y]6I-FE$

M%8EF'A@#2-(8


\ ZS &1 R%RC)XX2E3CLOEN..S:KY

OC$RCX[GM





M*\?-T@MGU





MN?1

:Q/BCY
B0Y2G@
00 J@0UIX)UWPC

MJ#_210#W=*#O)]
;'?Q?!.#Q ('+'NO'Y.^KNL\3-_;GYUE=_5@N%FW?'0Y5
+UTK0@)V.7! )2E,G!QR4@VQ4WR48JWL\V8,N?IC_&TOCA4Z-;?%-
ML]6\Y-I]-;_0K+7]@\Z5DX1S%=.X,)72<@%L0<)UO]4




KK+GE*

M/'
+ZPI.;4F+3;4#G&:(0@B4JH]LI0*
I@B@%&M2*PJ(W KM'1QE; 2VJNO1
MM+QR3
$YC*
=$UV
3L]\LZHNMP*H#W8YB4'8'+^#(PV;TG=*V;T
OI
7^WWU

M8^.%K]4



$!SS.FVB#'24Y0QB3Z=:]G*\T0&7




FR6M+IF*=V+=__
MG]K-U-JMB&\R83VOF&TLQ$XGZP/=J]MS!SU/=;)F5[]H69D@
1FR76IPK
.V


M

F

LJ DG4A@24_D$ 9H2
MI(WD.MR%E,46Q6H.C7(VS@52QO(VAD)(T^FF+Y6E;[D[BCD)X_C0L!5-];
M[CX8.9W+G0/!ZVSNZ$





I86WZ8
M
E!(QHBI,!91@A-L&=1O*%T&!V+=JO!M2!$#0I7T1J'8Y$XWK7W!GME+)E[
MW]SVN ^[P/52%PZ,GHJ]C@8'J\5=WH2?J1 G$P47Q6S__F
W7;L0]_?E.

S
C\O]8^^E(]ET\=R
M



MLZ!UM3.A ]%*/U

MZ$K5(][*U&?0WG6C-MT+5QM:7V52Y/)]&E:_5EO:34Q\VWK$R2%S&(2@YRE
M&$#*(@R'(
TRS#+:Y0XK3#Y#C^V#RD#U+)^5P3R8,6?O&7.L)+-KN^=?L'
MI96(M/7Q8*BD]*U+[CI)=C3?(_0]4WBW&VMGK[T.&O[.Q@5FMWVJS;IHX=^
M-IX(ABV!YRC#L
7Q_ #:*YOG^9C@!?6NF])QM#G?-!'QTH2Y?-+73F!:B%2@


M/?YRNMFSPD\=D




0!


K=(;0PLV-IOG=B[!DOZ
:!W\'B[EVFFR[/CN
M+::@9TJT2-UFM69-D:96N2/%FGKI(1$:]
$RP9V$&TVVN ^D+AGE7L_WH_)W
MS^74Q SI!6+UU\]:INJEB?%H_2




MQ:TNMWAF?)K:G^]

MES:23(A+4V/T[])4()'B^D6O0_R-_W\I2DQM3Y-GF!52)I0[6N+% &8,PD*
MF7)04,WHO.


M:%4





M6\Z?^]WA(UT^57


MO7P( 1AF!5!%1DF







M

1K^2/5*N!&3T[XV]%47ZCV3%=&[)K]&SA7DE]%





 IASJ$TN24&A
%89080G


(_T(E&#_/@=M+AC^+)XP^/QPYW
M)N*O\]9!R06/\3P]D0_-XY],T:79P^?9FA/-EL+GI7Q<3&0LA2$@90FIBNG


7MI^_-C(9B5=]+V1SY%3=KS8P]_1/JV

1M&W^1B.2]-
M



M\)AB*%D

$D4@!QG@)&
 

M 




XD7.E^56Q.KD,*,ZN4](QA(C%*]PF,*
T5H$2FC













M*=U2*?=&&!M'KU*%39Z2:]V./?0L?8)+


IX (F0
(


=$O6#5_O:VF)7_=O/H)4HHP)4$&8P)@@B4HB@0#2*#,B4AD6@BW,)S# XV-
MQ]=RNL;'','1-M3E<G1Z)N2UB%=1(V3TO?VSETZ@YQ )'%!R9+!8T-.J[P?


=<1R'L4F]H<9

TDU/JZG5.='G!L%+$E;V0$CM;R1M^-Q(Y5ILXB;GNV

M.-BLJZI2K3W K-



(
)7L/HFK'0I=CU3/I^,#D
M4=KA% J!SD<'&K@L@VGU-TOTG#R:L_^Q_R'%




M  6@1I3[N;\50; 0#D9@T %0   &AA:6XM
C R
3 V


M KP3I$!@)W:RINVB2!#$CLN7D1&1D1'_\K^_78Y^^IJFL^%D_*]_H7\E?_DI

<_'4Z3FZ?X


O^)$48?_W;Z

MZW2*






M3I'@Y0?

T0
M

M.$'0'_C9?.K?)D8#HH!31S!D(E1*&
#H3%[XEC40KWB'$D?(:4+Q4R2^&O
M%Y.O/^


Y-PQ



 ;6


MQQ'%-\S#59+BVA)2;7-V)H-))6BR ?&/'A-H38PSP1K*NP#

X_?JF=:AT
M(=LF0'(0(ZI@=OW/Q^$XT0%E4D@;#*!]M!\#. ID9 E1P9,))3J#@RYM$;



XBM4[F:WI%N$K%32'J+R4$M!#@E


M R-Y

!Z'D$+YP0-EAHF.UGX]Y^Z&08:3DGN+
HFPH%_

FX4:&KFND@4JC?:\BUS
M


JTU!&XRB$@L
M6(


3HDQ.8CP=
M5$ Y1 (V&@TF
:$T

Y09& H@MSSD(+J A(OT; 91IK/:W8FYD;N


ML-O1^

Y(.D*-8N%JZ3TGFJ*S6Z%M']*UC3N S(^6.&\T1
8$2%
M?-CL&126AOPDNSOYK[XHP=OAH2&

B
X.'DC4 O<
AL%I%@%D

MWN



M4YK?E#SAFM
TDP@AEE*7I#@X$Q(8Z5E@GN5L7TK*[FA7JJG^9M]6#5F08:



M3F^(E[A'9YXML.AQD6$4 X9&#Y'E()$MBUYB_?BNGP9VM=&TC8RW!\AD[D8=



M)T$%T%1N9$6MP60T_D%RS6+BVNLZ






EM4:DP8V?22BB$LE*
M(T6=$J_U]#3C;%4
 W=71 
VZ/WU8TN;C
MT[K[=DUVIKJ6465'N
V)04@XV




M*9Z](L8'5^E.]#



MINE+&L^&7]
J2_MQ


$+]R(W7DD=A@



89
B8T#
T 3U#
M)@58DF5*

MG]-T.4]MP(-$;S-*

M2?UWZJC)B(#**08HME;5U/+7-Z.L[65\9@164U!ST




MD.PR



P3M7J#Z-8T7Z0

M-[WM*%Z:9.+_QU*2EKTR(;
(RA.+



=LW2.BWP.=&EC95L(-U'N=I=&H#
M(XS1UHS*D)UX.Q\
B

M








%QXKS0ZC




M9)#@HN
0DR/.I)!




M:YQ/3M-5*1
87QSA'\R_%X= .24S4

M8-_4&4

W*


HE1QU!I(LIK*=TL.'E3%7]5E=6



=#*

MG
[JKT

M!V7_-TB65ZM?DM^AFWWY

NS79J;* :XR6FBDSOS[$O=4ZC




VS#9)B3LK<N&91]PX.)=@N6.0!<?M



MN)_[9(%$K[R-


M@S!2@H^E TU




NL*





 OU9V.H:22 !XB^H0JDB3K7+1:3T_/DQ$Z


;%$
M5:6];%
2#.+E:JJK$(
IR

MTO42=#DFJ;T YA4#H6(9;9E
F8$:8PZ.1[51?7

MNUJS:TM
6

ML


T5[X6$P#

#I='9
MXBE@



M 2OZ$D=+YV:0M&/2)@TA




MLB2R)*3DW3SX*#1$# ZY
 3_3]1S EY_WDC_%$=%.RJB$3@]6Y]V5!K=S89^
ME#X.9_


TJ-P5=0U4'56+E
S]/
M)U^'*+]WWW_#X/IX?(+.H2M^PT&8#[]B$'UO



MS2PZ#=8PGNKDJ%]/:S

MV]JXAZ
Y3M-5F=@QOCC/\! 7F161 9B
$8'(/R
LC=*DCH:
BD@^*T3I%C

5U\C-'=N#Y(0K3BPHZDKZVU

=

&E@V;Q/^.0P7*H;
MOQ^EZU&C!Y=E)_J?5:63=R1:80604#PO61JAZ&S 29^8459NV-_MU=#?A+IF



M0V8
)4!MI#P307VE'

)O&/X6AT?'GEAM-E
4+)
M :*KXH(DIC.*!AB/%C-#2CFI==199WJ3 193T^_-RB;AF$'NP1ALO!W!\G

KK1@7*P@4@(
83$*V)(@G( PI5.28!F8D$D10;P1^X'J#47]WG]\4^#<
M2HE-P''9L^1&P$MI'GTK[G(:&F









;H+VL,T6P96*ZU7/8VIFL)T)(Q;Y5K7N?CS E%-!C7[ -TNRND?




M

MJ @BXEY6%
6Y!

=$*:FT@^R7SWY/

L



6#]'@34;#Z*Y'


MO/35/A[_X\LP?#EQWO^?;5TVQ .-..2 U1V.*TR R&9@44EZIB61/UY%BI
M(^NY$7U_!HOZ&AP^L:C=:[&!0H4;KD[3U60Z+PUBS]+%:DIJ8%%R3SPXS34&

[JBMMG?WL]]^_?7@]#]//IP=__+I
M^


ZW-UW

Y_KF
M,S,=%$\1=I#%QVN:Y-T (29\UG3B'\VS2?CQ[P??7U;H6QD+U7T4%PVH+(
M(8S2:$Z4F<.D=RG8UC,_J:-8FO0<PS)K%+U300FZP_G'K,E,F&.L(]*%Y
M&5V1T9_.Y2*\#
P$1X*J$S9O1%Z_$4LEN'6OF ;0]EMI#'*$&\[E
H[GD=B8
ME 3.%0
AO )CRZV#P(@C

MZ9)1A%0:PAPN9O/)99H^YBX(0Y2E&F2TLASR

ED$X?RH0R4R3HP




_]6)
M:K:C=S.0OK6#BSWHK@&$GJ*RD(2WV?OJ;19.EP7S-WO3_8I%)6V4)0K@P&
29TBB)<)VPQ@;^WXHTMM- NXW&87*9S


(\OK]!Z+SL_3&]:BZQFGGY$
MQN(J%WG;9F1]_OU)%CY+*KP)D*G%F$?@*O5)&(B



9P224(*9







*\!'1L.Z%#;S)BSC-3I;_PCRAJ#
MUDXX^'(=E!*W[-)SZ<NICN7X]=4@KF!38*FC-%9=
.CO_7IQK4?WQHV=E'?I%-9-F!RSAPZN=<!U:<TOV9R608SQ8P5
?UDDNM

M\

%% L.
M+KVUC%#1NFSKG!^0%1KF]N6BO]AI+:=%EH U'57K

EDN.
M98FKJPQ#





2AJ4I)%K'4IRHKOL[_U']ZSZ;10WZ4**
M?:O??;M'.'*G2 JEMAS#42$R 1
]?G$I1
N2X7HC#V/#Y/^W5ZJ_2GJG$_5O




MDQ1!Q51&]*C2L]-K(JP:*C5M8S8\S3U6]=3&U8=Z:(!5W;Q'V9C.(:R\LM

[9








M

+=*/X?*-K-YM0U.\9

M7@&P+132.
3NW)&;8EA/A5+1 K$E(C
R@-=HPJ
PVG)T..)FW4^[
72/J&L7

ZV-OSC;?EV=(3F



M

M7I4NIKC/1^;1



:Z.
MB#ICH7'#^1H
/M\;=Y]J[OG4XWPX+QP?C^/PZS NW&B9RQ*RM-N2!%1 +H27

M

'@)5!WJ
MI._3VR_#E(^^I; H1X


M$V!)Z0


:A$\K=.IXD6R^G7X.U/^9J#:0A-];XEKK?/9(H0TFR%'
MI?/5=3.%3^FF]I)9YCQ 4J%,TK.&K
U@8BME'DI*)4&S @/S2\S]G=C[?%*2I[1;.P

[

:8;.)
-?5T'Q.FIZ/B':
R(F':NG[\UW'0.'
BQV
1RG5S89O3U
M''KV:^
JJ'!K8'Y-4S_I:FN=?TE3_*3)]+J$Y9J3V8 Z)Q
S#*+1%OUB]%
\




Q@I$A@6





M

E+0;A;03R6TPX7FKIZ=&4;N;


G 8!/DP*CB








MTKZ64O!







MI*0\2;EB&I$-;UV$8+0
.FG)8IV&+


M%5B5(FHEE+ZLNLQ89DA/*A@-VJ_&K
<


MRBIM9**D3G585QRTTO#^K7N.VT'B[2^%@\LRB':@


M%\5

[_^1
HV-K)LJTJ5JA+T[K5I





7@K(\9B
=Y*
M39J(Y+D:3$ A//'*I70E2
%
LWBM#\$_^_GHCKU#GG%Z F'L HK??_]S
?_O
MB_SB9?B^&SR;Q.OT:KJ)@%B'6; 1:YC#23GSKALM@?Y[BZ:V/'AH_LV[36Z
M'%\8\/CMU7&SW6= @5=[Y??KJL^N'4\&0T4HJ=:
L_!U25&:)0VW&64:KN+

[5^:FFC@PH



 0$IS:B]RS




M*TR#Y84N#Q[)UEL29;=-99


2_2


MT2!5)#NL ITL%S64R 








M= 2?F'(Q!$'N0A-


UC32/%W]8F8X\RZ5

YD=^)!DG6ZH
M:G%( 6V<LMQB<GJ_8OJ#R/C9*[8.@^V1U3P!XWMY$K?FN#W,]PK.II!) C)
MUHGT-@

_EJCF%^MAF3W8U3
M9S




:5\
/?E&=$S/Q\QIT6,8D7$IQN536&\NAL$)'U H?


MHT]S6:[RI48_X-^S(D2*DAQWP^GB4


2%;J


MTD_/O[TEHU/-S?/_OIA_J69H)C%QSJ

BQD3NB.D_+!WES_BFOKKBT=/50
#;JB*7O\M5)
M2JF+A\#K4*GH,J!&!JEDM(X7N;;%#H=2OG/GHP?YB'OJ/B8@'OPF*,RXO%
M^?HM?JL)AJJV&%?T)V[);9



NTK_I#[U??FO0 KG'-S1J@NS*VTAMD-$Q





C/;6&@$&M'-P7_PEK+HK+2


M76&3['
\$HS[ZG8.[3/R1%5EHG.J2U:U-A


?Y5RTK[02F




'99
MZ0]/6]=-&%P$$V
KO/&I'@(TDDPGOZA]NPN/WDO+NH=


XC(?D
MN%B(
D=-\

*$X IF$



M(&K%0 6OP



TM%_&WS+QK[$





M)92-=5T(H8K;HJSDPKI&2RPZ$CK]/L[+SK]:KIA+
)!]E2?SB0(&&RY%*3(
M.IIRJLO*3G!N6A=TCS4WK0MB)ND_
#ACJ%*M=2 &:9 2X^@BG?@+28P*D4G

X3+F

M*O3UP6#RD
YAHB-\9K*Q%Y



#;*9(-CV8\^H&J+


M6DZ;


MW\CB9

D'HGNLMO0NB)E 9/$#ASMZ5FWT,3)E0<<Z@].3M%U(#'+*
M05J3!9=':+/Y5=O2.X&I8UMZ%\U.&ZA7;21.4^C.,$-FGOPMD34X&1#0D@/(
M4R$GX^@3%*;0^S4H$#JWI7?1RC1@MG^CLW,^6RTH/$D.8<*0J[)A6(+!AL3
M:Y?@_6G:TCL!Y)V][:F@ 2C]2R68P/7I#DI12B[L_S$%01%!@)9W5P*C:*

C$88YU1YN'Y(POTDKOBVOOG/S3
1.*E6;WC/TWKTX#_(9@8



R\77VOW^D;J
M_MZ)9(T

M_YG)'7/*A%!N7:Q,@]HK00F(^?.&B]-J^41]U,U=G7 @8BX:VP&4LTVXAO

LTY
R5U8I+X]IT

O6:VMY;)

O*A)
$+[IO)GYIG0ID[?2#$;NIXYHUL4

N9U'4?P

*^
3

A1/\&0^V




M=UP )C(O
G'CCGV*AT^EW']D-FWV5I4@-B

M[DOAU

S

.?+&2



B?YF3(+;=2M_'#]B)OW/Q@:VP-KZ$)P.X/)*DN

MUK/EYR\7]'';; 97V0807@*?Y11 II#$PR(8TU1?


 Z

0%LW2NK5]];$TW)&3DR2-82







MS\N/*_SR:1[Q;.
L2!-#]K*6CG!R48./X%VB(Z(CDX5+=&6OAE'ZEEMPHE]M
M0^E!


CTO)*F-

VVD71U+
+*0[ .;

M$!A'

=6_]=C#-96
B:

'X=]J#?*]^9+=%D




*R:4(R6LY39T1+3P8&:O;J))U;8J;
M'J9K7

KAU[




K49G-I#V+'?>


MMNA\?&_-_R.J[F7ZKT+VLM70Q6!\V ZSKSWE
@A][6#%BAR#XB:MLR[MU)



M


\X?(6SLMYXVE^*0


B^0'0A%(PY^CMY]=WNU7[?

MP96)N$ $M'1G!\X+


M3$&

LW1#VJ2* AI8IIY*F
3
EYUGY!9#


M+9#[2V*)+H*37(





MN?#.B\)9FRFQ^]$W3IG&-'#80(

MU]=/JDRMMY_77O(3



@U%;X8#(S7F
)H=7&QTZ$CILQGAQ0^ZCO]/!)
M@
LSHUTAWXYB+A[(O8Z1W&L1''!G@TTV^




89=U74
/SQ95Y@8BED
M!27(FDMRNJ[!B


MH7TS\T12(V.BK)




MDMZ#]_2S8K




MWR\;YZ5Z1-3T%_6TH'
CJ9F32I!L&$CK)2B='7A5-VGJH(.)2A:U73^]#UYN


 ^3LLXK[4C8**3  ?3
M_;@3KV9;T=O 


?\W/


&VIOVO
I'[





C^W2;
MC)$A


M5E97

8O55Y#S0ZR;4W'KZ0P[-
Y%&O

MM5RO:YJ?
]26 D)&%MM*\@E=


MM[YCB


U*1^YDB%5)VT


2_$_?/7(JN^CN.404AQ;_?CW+<*5\XDQ;R%F76='U LR1CH*K#M
M1'+D+ ^G_MM?/8Z;


M9HI@OI+(8Z2CK116Q(B
A+F]6YCY(V;F@[*!#V!UD/K4P#9G&YH%-YD=.;

:/N+L(M$-LUM.F].O%?<AZ.J\J-K@1[<+NZ!O!K+-N6K=Q9@#)5*/09_


OZTR?MZFW^I:)B$AJJ

1N
IWALNSMZ-V;N_XYQ'_6.CIF!A#TV


MO^%B_A7/KBC7L8ZFJ16@29'1\RR 
T) D4*6X!2/:K]A33]\[#A;-\?S0'J+






3;:XS8
_2
7)[?&[0A*GLX
MI)LI3G67UH^MC
__OO+4O\]5\8$.;T@2.--T?#42CX:B[A(-BLAB))FWR:!W
%0<9OW6;:2<6LYY





MX:#8-2%O$ U- &X/WLWL:;VF*+Q 7+6M=:ICDL/5I+(LB_1,7*VKC4^U W

\^T2VA5 &ED$/@-D%.049OB;&LC@V^6_2-

MY!AP[(V6;B[@8:J; #0?$.'OJR7YT-=-B\M+ZN/'+D1_.HP'FO(03/C7.\





M:KX(5QTBI.PPO]PIL)[)F%E()D(PT8&2G%SE.D

M78#WX\2.
=5YVM:W6I^XY5-?6:0W%)J])@OT@J[$%Z0M//NOC*N6Q6O]B3FB
M[1Y(8J.8=A:S-AH1(JF$3ICPX((1$-$C*IDHNF\3[1ZUO.T!3^[%16WSVZ&Z



!*NQRCK_C=C

$D3RHXCB)5@G(=420

5P4$@LAN!+?03WV12K
M.6LSA+L?O9-]6IX:BCLK]U1!3']V1GZ2J)TW8((U)%JZ?IS%#



MV
AZG\_H]S\2-W_@ZC^YSB:[FO?]_: ((Z2)40)/B6(K5@P$C06X*98\ V_O
MYD9V8^GQ[QHWK=$$/0





M\I[L@H=M4S6

+GCEA#6O3Z727
MEG%Q


0@I
MJ1)-P.*Q3?7O@V2-6W'6YCH;3@\3
%.WF9DQ+%E$HT%8B54J2+238^@
RTQ3

M(Q]

:2<M.
5)/EKIR_O8
DKK<:O8G 50?39Q:U<Z/F9E!BW9V?W33FIT]N&E;LN


@6
TJ7VZM -V

$XD4'Y'.LX3 $R2N&9\H5^T08R.Z@9

]S7[2D\^;9S!<I'=Y?5X'7^VNTHZV3MUC&4+1N7;/4GPAHB%Q99N*

M0!8^J\ 2'IE;!9[;PZ#/4^


Q\S$5


!^4JL5YWI'X4N4MG=G4^\X[$QC36#R7Y/A##G)96KX
M@H1YF78ZO2VOP


MD1]C

MC
2S^@A-R)LIW I_]O3P5T5##2O3(R9+2?&_&N^YSG%LX57O_/RA:]!2HIG
M*1P07J:5$X6!HBK52R&ES@8YMJL[D;L;X+,%@=M=H)+3 UX-!;6 NS4^WUT

.!
T8ZG)N@&CG

M%&(S@G&1E_M^!LXX!9D*SR5G@I Z%^&5A@D]&OOW(.CK]
W]F$OX*G^8#$=A
M^
W=7(PN4;2?_D@WW]-OX]'LRW00F4Y1:0*




^(3E*M]JJG(AJGJL.NW9Z$R










M]TJ[H&O])7A]+39PNN_!ZO(N;9!=U)D2 5EICQ(.&0\DE#57M+1#2I9%G;O0

PJ^I2

_F


^;J/OUA%THJQWL;9#B0-J0K+4
C%)H249+L)*57R8O

6'QV'RD&[Z+DTH!V9085QT##1NE
M!Y89149]J%.W.(#H=B\^#TE7CJ7%!CSE':O+&'B3&=*HR[
?!L@/AL
J$+1P
MDX%F:J0P
CA?I^*^'7U]CS

M9& 2F&=


M)S0L+\!K&D )ZY70-B9?Y^7
3PAKM\2[TI6O57VF@@GKH7T]GM[

M@3Q[%@@E$1(O&\ASJ0A2XB'[@
FU82ZGRB?:$WKZA5*G*M]TJ.TO_R91]
NX


L

M*W6KO415JV'WGA 85])'WXMNGPO*N_#OMV?7YQ_/

2ZLL2ZAL4S8EJ C&




/) 

-QY


I:8.&



M2NHT']6TG-H4PN060UL9JR7UFB+$JTR204N8%A
P^.9NVIJ%/R/(#H[4![


:%%R

ZH\;KW%G_SC

1C!\9BYM


ML^]BEK\



M-F8/5VN[D+UOL)PS]ZR1-TBG39E5%Z0%89$]0Y@I?;WE=M$9KN4QH?LBM?VV





&&FE?Z+CY
MK _M-N!)U[.]PMM/VHIT$
HKFX!15SJ960)GB $E692N[%:0==Z_=D!\OUUF
MO8!N*^#70\)@'YC(Q*/-&5K2@^2%2 BR6!L4JL-DYX[R2K\PSC$*K[]=FG

[F]PL
48[.(H5KD.M2)I;N@OM^VM%/!


G#ALI.$/J=+1US$B_[6VG8A&UD'$B


(MJID^99QK'M5LL7/MLO
M95@/\<A_GBGG\-9U\6M_WN9LE9]CXK21U(RLL@'<;1

 $PU3,10R#I./C&AK^6I[ZU[H^ADA_0;O1\9;IUKI&X%O









M.1Z%VTF1[\ H)U

MA\P+V0P


?V?([/E_W0Z_E;+\@$CNLV





*-4Z!U N8S+'4MD&ZO&7


^(
MD*FSR:3TW

MOV
/CW+T=RGZ]M#UR(:NAY^_S*[R[].[&P6
FUG



6[J
M]$^NIZ?G:7O'C=UW$O[!2.IL:-X=


M(J66Q61BG1?+FVG:#E$G6Y X4 F=G835'QS



^=X+#OM
^=]%- YC;
)F).K1%231PR3'E+0]9';
94M*)




L:7UWC8(_:WY*V1MGW^8C
M$S_.W&36SV#8Y%PDD2J

GU?!@V

M$W%^


M


M/XW/_W1?
6*.\UF L]O):/K8S*.EC&I
VK5 QH2T#
TP:2 IAZB=HM;7*?S4

BS)'AN1L\









M%\+MU]N;$F0]G[:VN)$N0['F$GX OS9
*3QF@97]=X+P 
Y&E$4B.3N7DA=U


O
M6\JB1 :I!%N&1VD=N(I)4D/K%'@VDM24/]I%_ZO^J!NA-W#)MG&CB^5*92H5







MO5YTH*)+'/
<E^=D7H/&/!H$<1QL&3;E
M E%1$QVIK)
C;$MAOZO[CHJ_KO34 /[6N_7K]'715OW@WQ_^SIVGCRD'8@0%


 SE9X6/8V
)


M8#@.PU_29/A]_NCO_]RZFV'^42X)IW/6%H



M +I['TY\)'QU!.P]E'WT+Y[0ZF,-%G4&6
@/!
E;5^&H@T44GT)2G6Z=$Z
MC.[3A/8^.L(W'NHNP%P;WD8/M10%=51FIP@XY!NLD$G
L! @_414%S3G5:
MOG:EM-_4ZFA!1E4%-@#0JS!\DTK




 Q,Q4 $@5QKY-]QPCV3DAA1)XHXD/3HZ


KB-

M

MO[NZ_NT
?_WA_=GEQ[V?-^SVE:Z?-1S 8T?/&1[V2%SE G!$]YREZS0'?HGW
MIO


BP)U#BT@
XT10K*0+.49
CN/([OX^&2$V8#;\/9S]6UI;(
MS+F@6J$XM2\35C7Z%PS_DO





?-S7)#Q6-QKOZ4Z9L?


\UTE%!EQ% X)C)F6L









M?6O[XZW_ORG
/HT?L7$75&


:K9RW=5X)


$%:OUF_UAL):$?N_K^X\@#M=+:\#ZUW#V9=Y/6)Y)?!E^^S0^GT_W

NE3\N'LM
M] RF#1P8;D1YY8B9@
WE




MKZ6P

MQ^0
?1EX7K68



MN**9EB$%=4;@'DY[OV/)V[BM


MQD&(Z


MOPYJU%*ZA

\4YE[QL[
M8W;DL.?FH1

56VW._
M7?64O#+;:TD#.^'OE&UV_H^2D Y'GQ=G
QWH)+SV&L]@ZFCQ5PELIA&\29$D

M?'F=8[W/)*4(@48&0H0(QHL 5@6NA7;.QNW&=O7.RG8F]-IZ$=J0_4XP.EFC


.D[
5I
W*?YR.[F/.!=7#_
_7)ZFYW]BAC5$P0QB\IQH1\&K

M
&BYD:@RFI=+

M(%S
W' &G&B!9P]1X)7

M'

QH(




M14S








K]P
[Y%A$
M
\
B[\)4W
M$'

M$)?J;




M#J-7D ZEPSFU98*$!UOF27M#&9

MCY$=BZXK4B)4*.*8 \;+-%F.?H]ZR RR[EB2AMU:@]M7N+W1+N&#K/$X)8

Z76Y&'XA$E. L@ VE;SMG



<^9C6:A3$2HTYGX*DM;.T'A
MQ=+6+GII %15KK(=-SD3E\M$#@]6 L^)E%F3'D:=(ZVK\6_)U[:V@E<QRAM
M[:+I!M#^ 3/MV?CKG

$%$S
PY

*ZSE&E24RA(N

MM0KJ./T7]2[PFSC^CHR 4\9\ET]RA&?
ZV2 1*;*NQP#AB4-F61*J55!I#I'



MZ9_C&_PQ-WC.ST7BM4W$R@Q


M#Q:Y2!D


%JHLL6XP@ED@7G)*

@)4I9BF(3JJQ


OI=0KCSZ
RR/*HW8\'4=AK&V1WLFVC



_^1^&]7^4&M



M4


MQ\ TB]P2Q \+94PN!1



M^S*.%_.6[D6-:A3_]W@XFOT3?W&++-S7K*(-P5IBP'*#&C?H_'SF$52VP3.N
MI F5


(1E\VMB
$1&
M8'B02RN%T:I.J\UV])V6']L%6R_T=W2EKYZ'P_R



MZ 4G/J4



MP:8O]'
G7!




3R7#T^8V;#A<)U8.5&6)R-A93*45DF5=/

P_<;EK-398)RV<$AF,5TO
HT(1HY@FEV=39C7F4X'5+
M-X!_X7(\FCSW@.7K8\,_9V7&%TQ0-8HCDD1XQCR5
I7%WQ'


2^.R\0'CO)*]



M





&0/G63;^@N





?+9IX[?

.TK3
RZSAMZV]NIQBW3*=G


;%*3H5G
4F%@4E]#
_:27W;
M#4S:098-9*EKW/?#Q9.UAMI

2U2U
OBA
MXL'7N7(: -KVHRS0%-$HM0.3RR@+)C4X+@(0R[4VQGK!*ZU)Z'3V2+78JSM4

<(EN-(N[F%GX[HJM4*U[^],/#;N9T<(0X-J7<3Y


#.AC$FI7)H2
I_81\M^


(#




KED=?NA*G*X%:V)5^O;;6#GJ:


U







MIJU6FG*H!T]Z?SRW$&




MFS)I+.!
R/7BRY%J0H$2A2H1K4K8)F#;*

LU$0E7:]';9)E$7Q]U!:/^00'NHO@,*G<^O\GV
MY/J6Q-$!S9P$E@T9[\09!*45&.W(A\02C6]SU[!!F-Z(LP_*3\^W U4^=0?&





H@ VQ_BAL1B=8IL6


K!




H[8
TF-V%IN(MUUL@8R$^L;61\-.2*IDR&6R6CDRHN

MEVGB:;:C8+X#D?8 H 

MZZ
/ CWPHARMK-I^8VMBA(_DGN84&R68[YC?U3;AQ5/FPJU@6A\BTGW+]*

ME-(
V\@<G RI#DSC#]?#I#0B\ @Y9 W*
M
0D^R7H):90I(4E3VA0ICD+!9LY?(S




MI&TCZEJS4!#(30 3A+?2
Z




M48*
5J/13AG5I@+I
+E/D]K[



(@2%;J=L8RHWB3&O_1H1[/K;N.R#0(W-\CC?K



)/ND1#NV*'?:1XGAE#@?KJ(

I/DLBES91S-^PP&$(



)0A




#;5
?5Y&D+#K9UKE.
MK2J0NTKC;Y-^UP;G#DC]?;V$Y&I4A0X79L2F.@@J$*ZHQA3V6PSEC8V=GCM

3DZQD 7BB47?8UAD*T](&
M3LZ5[&;6R*D7EPQAYGC%)4
0[L5V+C0^V85Z\%Z'_!R?GU[[.OR^A8!;0Z


M\


M*A0RQ)HS0&


M*YH8PK)112C+8JN&E2=9-C4(_&%E4P.0Z()6FZHP7.2B)Y!U]PT960YY*B

M^Y 9&9G4)O?SBC L+:'#E


_[H

M:KNNT[MU;+]?CLR6T\Y0FM\\I+6&ZQ5PC] 
5Z2]J^OYY2S7/W+OJ\[+J@R6


M7)RU^[2ZNE0ZLN2#!&9J6HS+$5QQ==Y$
L4$KWDC^[1!F-Z(LP_*3S.'#E1Y
M!ZQY

T:42#L!_2AWD($!V0ZJ5\A5B
MUR@C

*XG!5X
NT4 G$*
M@90R9/ZM0^
28]CP)?S@CJ@3)1H-HL'PCJ@#


2#Q.PE
M[&A.G_FQL.P[D^'3V8??WIZ_^O3VW?GKL_.S7]Y^^OCA[-=7G\Y^_O3N_8=W


M7%*
]4ZWU)#54S2AG3;)&F/:-.D:*.BI6-XA#'O69;HA=G]]HWM 0NZ87]^9

/B
MS[OY,R$)@]Q+D**.U/4J4H!0)!$GVR0PB:!;3;%Z4;)^_ZW(L1+(=:!Z'1

MD*4X5)&'4K/HT*K
5:.Z]ZTB=637#@5^W@*%
M#NAT1B[;_!OB1_P3%^$JK=_4I


MSE%)3)//10U(U?\D0V#&3PZ4S=('9%*V

M^:JZ;MS&
7-O'11OE^-T#;AL


.G'L?\M4PP'
9.Z9SG(D7@(3&BC]T! M!40#1-HA@.&_3[?BH5K!6
MP7WW%7=WTR6FZ R3(*VNPZ=$A&B,@)1R2-H6U*9-0XO-\IR251OFZ=6;00T

9C\KA3G@1]


M(FN$NEI9RH9C'2P@96WGX56 H(L (:*U0GMFGG5AW7P'
.AK.SL(#^-18ZUW




MQ

M[B:_45NA6

C29DRA31RP@W 3MV4=@R?/FO^.#
FI


GE)RY=2D/?'%+A$^T**F(KTC)G0QE':4^!.

MDTY&7M+$'63;LGQ*^#O8!R^O] W./R_U]]GZ=4PUWFS


M;[J^\!:C

V$@ =G.7K
ME;S[BG6'7GV^7TBI:3UD[B$I30L)U9DVNH#WV3N4NCC3YEIVJTB=1D!C$.DP
M]9_:D;9:Y
_A)HQZJ&WXW*;'VH_6T?I@RUIKYHAO7%M1*\0+V1IF@/E@)9?
.2W#!<LAZ*R55,Q%
MW*G=X$X=<3;+T,OPQ$:PST?%H#L6K:HH;7!*1'(4@TP%E(NDDF@L&%)*Y%Q
M;\?KK+1-BNDZZHR![(M$V4/-'3CES[S!=7UL9NB+EF!-B*!RU'6Z5B''TTNG






#?GBN^AZZF[)9S3?OK]U1=<S%+X/OPP6DL5I(6B0\V=

F^OLMGY%%U?;^V V'UV!4]/@[=4R_ZSJ/EQ^OPS/
MLYYCCN0=0YCKIEF%(*M]*;$%
P\6E;Q





444IC%G:W&W02?/


ML8J_3L134C)1!X(@6^J+*.


4K+$B;!.8V;_4OBC7M*\HD#!L%H0[H

2BAK
C^./W?-DFW$_GL7\7E&QVO

Q0]7?@95[]A;U
M'A?U%\)GY!=U$)=S(H*U=ZH5! \9[IVY@\Q

S?M7
V7@07
M
?-2;F&W4Z

M*2^1[YI *5$[OCD)+MH(D;.
7J/VSWK!;'G@'_*U.U'+G1RU&NN_ QM'#FVY


/H*#$J0F!8GPPULP8I-O+C=5W;
M)$$OO?LF(\5\1(3Z8-ACA:PS(G)AK-YULUBK3YWSX$*V(*S247KAF0]CT^RY
M&-
EAQ^.['.:'*CFJ2/+-XLYA3+?UHDMT8N
10BLRRD5PKS


?/<T#<B/
#U3=U

MR(H QARO$[NR?H;V_G[=5C%Z:7390PPQ#E93$^[N N#Q$E8;3SN;?1V%GK5;
MS@+QX)V4D .7I@B5F3+C$6Z;&-/YE2/!.Q];UQ


 YH
M\X
TV 'F;UY?D-\@LS#536*UG71MM&$]!S*?CEL3L](O7;P.P_S-Z^DBC3:8



MY


VY-0+46+M
8_/7*)32=S8O1JVB%22EJD6;]5GDHC@D?P:(2U%
M.




R%8J+W5Z.O'[Y*\]]X%]




$D14'X?%C??/BWU75(RR/L_I9&\&(9V2*(VE(<9&3M#(ATDC'#
M2BXRV-+&X/](LL,?0#9__L^SZW0YO[Y=X?2\6OZ*W]<Q)!#-+PV7JPN71*U


O;R!-*



M5]:9Z*1-I(-2/5V1 GA%BK!U/ \/*@2WT^CPG=[4OO_N?LBR#XKS450Z

ME3*[G%4]W.6 K:NR*/#0H7@PJ8XTCEE2%DCH&FR5W?KSIAYMEF/9V=$1R
MC*#BJ=]=?IDOZDO[UEN=$J.U@Y
95.?G#TX%R6XS M#8;F*NW4YV_3ITR;Z

M9C&__7I-'W&7S5G_S)PVPM4MYE7'\1J7U#/9.:^Q4!#B+2*HS!



MR5


M

[:%#
=*'@_ESFCL_28D+;/ %C]1OU'#-?X/__;_P-02P
$%     @ %H$:
M4UZKTH\


-SI_3M(ULH'OI8

H
+'L'4_919SS_L6[1
M#0T+1B9!T

M8;-'RS!@*9\ 


E7XJ78H3M 7$WD#26Z!I6N T)]A-L-%L=1F^


MCG@#8VD=TE_'.+T





_'EQ.N2I^TR





&?R.3K1W@O@U4IMPO.
M04G0XQZ$KPY^/:K


+


ABTS(EEF&6\\_P$^F*JQ;3U:?
M&M%Y?'O$


M\DC

M#^H['4^(/ROK;SG=%'=?.D>-O
.V



S R
#(Q

S$P
BYH=&WM
M6FUSVS82_GZ_ E6F:3*C-\J27V3'

$BP 2E9_


MW6EJ

MF!T?3EA4KRJR:B=)C'LQ:DXV._NIO%!GN]7MPYZ(BD!YS_%J&1+10/?:R;
P?_@:U*PI<W#I




M@*51
)4J$ @EHC\OQPUMN3<#MFJ=)3
!KO1ROH*<.W<F#5KOV%W';O=1X?=X15'/W^VWXGV#FV%


@$(&H#DLXODS'/1\!.

/\$G#_

MVNV[$)6( 3%=C13(B2X-*L L/9'6YWZ4@MSKH1W1LFJL5AX#BOL@J=C)$NCU

M++=#K;@*Y:T3[AJBMT_56P

\[Q]!CH1+
M(;JQ!0H*&Q+!/4U 
S!=N4;Z0!MI.I'?O)ED\WZCX
(2P
M$FA/@!P-\#1@)QX/[.:I




YZE.C-8]O


M=C-:M+6\[J ?[;0%SU_5=FK7$DR_4URRZ&IZH4BZ;GQ8DZ^?7]K!;5T
)_^Y

M0P7V;V3&[(/!ND[ERQ?#T[&$E+U9I
?W@3Y?N[&U\'/+1]D];P9=NRA6Z'!3

$%     @

MM*F&PX7(J1VIJ'+4TU_P24ET]%/OE67!4(1%0E
%H:1$T0B*G*5SN(IH?@V6



MJ;H1AX(+Z1^XYJ^K)59
$L97_IN )32'
[J$Y&0]$TUQS18.94L+@?F[^*

'QY



N2_EDP




M'U(4



M@1I3A37%T! %  #L$@  &@   &AA:6XM-C
P
C R

R
#(N:'1M



MM(8$S4.__O2-&
QA



TQ44*9 K1BL(I80*&E%.T

=7H7?+74'+/32^
% :%$BA&8TEPH#+.!$J@PW_EEAX
M
MBB5RKZ3BB-'/60%+V;P)M2T I 342!'1]N K&2OL

&+X' '
MT*-.]A(AV.W9Q/H?AD\3ADP@O#)B2TF
4K# (:RPRIEH;\&9$J80-SE62H.0


R9\:[J6^?98TNJX[4[+G$PT



MX

P@R9:PH3*O!:8EAET%5T]3
5493G-?OZ2Q?LY# G?GTB27U:U1
MJ@G!DI[URB?



M;5!+ 0(4 Q0    ( !:!&E

4      6
M@1I3O@G:3R $  ^'@  $0              @ %71   97EC;VYS96YT
C
P
M

M@ &F2   :&%I;BTR
#(Q
#8S
YH=&U02P$% 
4      6@1I3:1F. H@

#(Q
#8S

M% 

 %0              @ $9!04 :&%I
M;BTR
#(Q
#8S

M !4              ( !J4T% &AA:6XM
C R
3 V
S!?9&5F+GAM;%!+ 0(4
M Q0    ( !:!&E.L^BMFF8

C$P-C

M   ( !:!&E

M
C$P-C

B@  !H              ( !!^$* &AA:6XM-C
P
M
C R

Q

M !H              ( !2^D* &AA:6XM-C
P
C R

Q
#(N:'1M

end



