

ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000910406-19-000077
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		132
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20190630
FILED AS OF DATE:		20190829
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20190829
FILER:
	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000910406
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		IRS NUMBER:				223240619
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630
	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-22818
		FILM NUMBER:		191066638
	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1111 MARCUS AVENUE
		CITY:			LAKE SUCCESS
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11042
		BUSINESS PHONE:		5165875000
	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1111 MARCUS AVENUE
		CITY:			LAKE SUCCESS
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11042
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HAIN FOOD GROUP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19941219
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	KINERET ACQUISITION CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19931021
	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	21ST CENTURY FOOD PRODUCTS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930830












		


Washington
June&#160;30
THE HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP
Lake Success
Registrant&#8217;s telephone number
Common Stock
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports)
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer
 an accelerated filer
 a non-accelerated filer
 a smaller reporting company
 or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of &#8220;large accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;accelerated filer
&#8221; &#8220;smaller reporting company
If an emerging growth company
closing price of the registrant&#8217;s common stock
 as quoted on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on December 31
 2018
 the last business day of the registrant&#8217;s most recently completed second fiscal quarter
$1
458
202
August&#160;22
 2019
104
218
&#32;shares outstanding of the registrant&#8217;s Common Stock
Portions of The Hain Celestial Group
THE HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP
Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Directors
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
June&#160;30
&#32;(the &#8220;Form 10-K&#8221;) contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995
 relating to our business and financial outlook
 which are based on our current beliefs
 assumptions
 expectations
 estimates
 forecasts and projections about future events only as of the date of this Form 10-K
Many of our forward-looking statements include discussions of trends and anticipated developments under the &#8220;Risk Factors&#8221; and &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221; sections of this Form 10-K.  In some cases
 you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as the use of &#8220;may
&#8221; &#8220;will
&#8221; &#8220;should
&#8221; &#8220;expects
&#8221; &#8220;plans
&#8221; &#8220;anticipates
&#8221; &#8220;believes
&#8221; &#8220;estimates
&#8221; &#8220;projects
&#8221; &#8220;intends
&#8221; &#8220;predicts
&#8221; &#8220;potential
&#8221; or &#8220;continue&#8221; and similar expressions
 or the negative of those expressions. These forward-looking statements include
 among other things
 our beliefs or expectations relating to our business strategy
 growth strategy
 market price
 brand portfolio and product performance
 the seasonality of our business and our results of operations and financial condition.  These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of our future performance and involve risks
 uncertainties
 estimates and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore
 our actual outcomes and results may differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements. Further
 any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date hereof
 unless it is specifically otherwise stated to be made as of a different date. We undertake no obligation to further update any such statement
 or the risk factors described in Item 1A under the heading &#8220;Risk Factors
&#8221; to reflect new information
The forward-looking statements in this filing do not constitute guarantees or promises of future performance. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences may include
 but are not limited to
 the impact of competitive products and changes to the competitive environment
 changes to consumer preferences
 political uncertainty in the United Kingdom and the negotiation of its exit from the European Union
 consolidation of customers or the loss of a significant customer
 reliance on independent distributors
 general economic and financial market conditions
 risks associated with our international sales and operations
 our ability to manage our supply chain effectively
 volatility in the cost of commodities
 ingredients
 freight and fuel
 our ability to execute and realize cost savings initiatives
 including stock-keeping unit (&#8220;SKU&#8221;) rationalization plans
 the impact of our debt and our credit agreements on our financial condition and our business
 our ability to manage our financial reporting and internal control system processes
 potential liabilities due to legal claims
 government investigations and other regulatory enforcement actions
 costs incurred due to pending and future litigation
 potential liability
 including in connection with indemnification obligations to our current and former officers and members of our Board of Directors that may not be covered by insurance
 potential liability if our products cause illness or physical harm
 impairments in the carrying value of goodwill or other intangible assets
 our ability to consummate divestitures
 our ability to integrate past acquisitions
 the availability of organic ingredients
 disruption of operations at our manufacturing facilities
 loss of one or more independent co-packers
 disruption of our transportation systems
 risks relating to the protection of intellectual property
 the risk of liabilities and claims with respect to environmental matters
 the reputation of our brands
 our reliance on independent certification for a number of our products and other risks described in Part I
 Item 1A
THE HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP
The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation (collectively
 along with its subsidiaries
 the &#8220;Company
&#8221; and herein referred to as &#8220;Hain Celestial
&#8221; &#8220;we
&#8221; &#8220;us&#8221; and &#8220;our&#8221;)
 was founded in 1993 and is headquartered in Lake Success
 New York. The Company&#8217;s mission has continued to evolve since its founding
 with health and wellness being the core tenet. The Company continues to be a leading marketer
 manufacturer and seller of organic and natural
 &#8220;better-for-you&#8221; products by anticipating and exceeding consumer expectations in providing quality
 innovation
 value and convenience. The Company is committed to growing sustainably while continuing to implement environmentally sound business practices and manufacturing processes. Hain Celestial sells its products through specialty and natural food distributors
 supermarkets
 natural food stores
 mass-market and e-commerce retailers
 food service channels and club
The Company manufactures
 markets
 distributes and sells organic and natural products under brand names that are sold as &#8220;better-for-you&#8221; products
 with many recognized brands in the various market categories it serves
 including Almond Dream
 Arrowhead Mills
 Bearitos
 Better Bean
 BluePrint
 Casbah
 Celestial Seasonings
 Clarks
 Coconut Dream
 Cully &amp; Sully
 Danival
 DeBoles
 Earth&#8217;s Best
 Ella&#8217;s Kitchen
 Europe&#8217;s Best
 Farmhouse Fare
 Frank Cooper&#8217;s
 Gale&#8217;s
 Garden of Eatin&#8217;
 GG UniqueFiber
 Hain Pure Foods
 Hartley&#8217;s
 Health Valley
 Imagine
 Johnson&#8217;s Juice Co.
 Joya
 Lima
&#32;(under license)
 MaraNatha
 Mary Berry (under license)
 Natumi
 New Covent Garden Soup Co.
 Orchard House
 Rice Dream
 Robertson&#8217;s
 Rudi&#8217;s Gluten-Free Bakery
 Rudi&#8217;s Organic Bakery
 Sensible Portions
&#32;Organics
 Soy Dream
 Sun-Pat
 Sunripe
 SunSpire
 Terra
 The Greek Gods
 Walnut Acres
 Yorkshire Provender
 Yves Veggie Cuisine
 Avalon Organics
 Earth&#8217;s Best
 JASON
Historically
 the Company divided its business into core platforms
 which are defined by common consumer need
 route-to-market or internal advantage and are aligned with the Company&#8217;s strategic roadmap to continue its leadership position in the organic and natural
 &#8220;better-for-you&#8221; products industry.&#160;Those core platforms within our United States segment are:
 which includes infant foods
 infant and toddler formula
 toddler and kids foods and diapers that nurture and care for babies and toddlers
 under the Earth&#8217;s Best
 which includes core consumer staples
 such as MaraNatha
 Arrowhead Mills
 Imagine
 which includes wholesome products for in-between meals
 such as Terra
 Sensible Portions
 which includes yogurt
 plant-based proteins and other refrigerated products
 such as The Greek Gods
 which includes personal care products focused on providing consumers with cleaner and gentler ingredients
 such as JASON
 Live Clean
 Avalon Organics
Additionally
 beginning in fiscal 2017
 the Company launched Hain Ventures (formerly known as &#8220;Cultivate Ventures&#8221;)
 a venture unit with a twofold purpose: (i) to strategically invest in the Company&#8217;s smaller brands in high potential categories
 by giving these brands a dedicated
During fiscal 2019
 the Company refined its strategy within the United States segment
 focusing on simplifying the Company&#8217;s portfolio and reinvigorating profitable sales growth by discontinuing uneconomic investment
 realigning resources to coincide with industrial brand role
 reducing unproductive stock-keeping units (&#8220;SKUs&#8221;) and brands
 and reassessing current pricing architecture.  As part of this initiative
The Company&#8217;s &#8220;Get Bigger&#8221; brands represent its strongest brands with higher margins
 which compete in categories with strong growth. In order to capitalize on the potential of these brands
 the Company began reallocating resources to optimize assortment and increase share of distribution. In addition
The Company&#8217;s &#8220;Get Better&#8221; brands are the brands in which the Company is primarily focused on simplification and expansion of profit.  Some of these are low margin
 non-strategic brands that add complexity with minimal benefit to the Company&#8217;s operations.  Accordingly
 in fiscal 2019
 the Company initiated a SKU rationalization
 which included the elimination of approximately 350 low velocity SKUs. The elimination of these SKUs is expected to impact sales growth in the next fiscal year
As part of the Company&#8217;s overall strategy
 the Company may seek to dispose of businesses and brands that are less profitable or are otherwise less of a strategic fit within our core portfolio.  Accordingly
&#32;tofu
 seitan and tempeh businesses in the United States. Additionally
 on August 27
 2019
 the Company sold the entities comprising its Tilda operating segment and certain other assets of the Tilda business.  See Note 21
As part of the Company&#8217;s historical strategic review
 it focused on a productivity initiative
 which it called &#8220;Project Terra.&#8221;  A key component of this project was the identification of global cost savings
 and the removal of complexity from the business.  This review has included and continues to include streamlining the Company&#8217;s manufacturing plants
 co-packers and supply chain
 eliminating served categories or brands within those categories
In  fiscal 2019
 the Company announced a new transformation initiative
In March 2018
 the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors approved a plan to sell all of the operations of the Hain Pure Protein Corporation (&#8220;HPPC&#8221;) operating segment
 which includes the Plainville Farms and FreeBird businesses
 and the EK Holdings
 Inc. (&#8220;Empire Kosher&#8221; or &#8220;Empire&#8221;) operating segment
 which were reported in the aggregate as the Hain Pure Protein reportable segment. These dispositions were undertaken to reduce complexity in the Company&#8217;s operations and simplify the Company&#8217;s brand portfolio
Collectively
On February&#160;15
 2019
On June 28
 2019
 the Company completed the sale of the remainder of HPPC and EK Holdings
See Note 5
Discontinued Operations
On June 24
 2018
 the Company entered into a Chief Executive Officer (&#8220;CEO&#8221;) succession plan
 whereby the Company&#8217;s former CEO
 Irwin D. Simon
 agreed to terminate his employment with the Company upon the hiring of a new CEO. On October 26
 2018
 the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors appointed Mark L. Schiller as President and CEO
 succeeding Mr. Simon. In connection with the appointment
 on October 26
 2018
 the Company and Mr. Schiller entered into an employment agreement
 which was approved by the Board
 with Mr. Schiller&#8217;s employment commencing on November 5
 2018. Accordingly
 Mr. Simon&#8217;s employment with the Company terminated on November 4
 2018.  See Note 3
 
June&#160;30
 2019
5
441
 we primarily sold our organic
 natural
 and &#8220;better-for-you&#8221; products in the following categories: grocery; snacks; personal care; and tea.  We continuously evaluate our existing products for quality
 taste
Grocery products include infant formula
 infant
 toddler and kids foods
 diapers and wipes
 rice and grain-based products
 plant-based beverages and frozen desserts (such as soy
 rice
 oat
 almond and coconut)
 flour and baking mixes
 breads
 hot and cold cereals
 pasta
 condiments
 cooking and culinary oils
 granolas
 cereal bars
 canned
 chilled fresh
 aseptic and instant soups
 yogurts
 chilis
 chocolate
 nut butters
 juices including cold-pressed juice
 hot-eating desserts
 cookies
 frozen fruit and vegetables
 pre-cut fresh fruit
 refrigerated and frozen plant-based meat-alternative products
 jams
 fruit spreads
 jelly
 honey
 natural sweeteners and marmalade products
 as well as other food products.  Grocery products accounted for approximately 
Our snack products include a variety of potato
 root vegetable and other exotic vegetable chips
 straws
 tortilla chips
 whole grain chips
 pita chips and puffs.  Snack products accounted for approximately 
Our personal care products cover a variety of personal care categories including skin
 hair and oral care
 deodorants
 baby care items
 body washes
 sunscreens and lotions.  Personal care products accounted for approximately 
&#32;brand
 we currently offer more than 100 varieties of herbal
 green
 black
 wellness
 rooibos and chai tea.  Tea products accounted for approximately 
Certain of our product lines have seasonal fluctuations.  Hot tea
 baking products
 hot cereal
 hot-eating desserts and soup sales are stronger in colder months
 while sales of snack foods
 sunscreen and certain of our prepared food and personal care products are stronger in the warmer months.  As such
 our results of operations and our cash flows for any particular quarter are not indicative of the results we expect for the full year
 and our historical seasonality may not be indicative of future quarterly results of operations. In recent years
For information relating to our cash flows from operations and working capital items
During fiscal 2019
We principally manage our business by geography in seven operating segments:  the United States
 United Kingdom
 Tilda
 Ella&#8217;s Kitchen UK
 Canada
 Europe and Hain Ventures.&#160; In addition
 we have three reportable segments: United States
In fiscal 2018
 the Hain Pure Protein operations
 including HPPC and Empire
 were classified as discontinued operations as discussed in Note 5
&#32;in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K.  Therefore
On August 27
 2019
 we sold our Tilda business as discussed in Note 21
Each segment includes the results of operations attributable to its geographic location except for Hain Ventures
 which conducts business in the United States
We use segment net sales and operating income to evaluate segment performance and to allocate resources.&#160; We believe this measure is most relevant in order to analyze segment results and trends.&#160; Segment operating income excludes certain general corporate expenses (which are a component of selling
 general and administrative expenses)
 impairment and acquisition related expenses
 restructuring
June&#160;30
 2019
&#32;(amounts in thousands
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
1
009
1
084
1
107
885
938
851
407
434
383
2
302
2
457
2
343
Our products are sold throughout the United States.  Our customer base consists principally of specialty and natural food distributors
 supermarkets
 natural food stores
 mass-market and e-commerce retailers
 food service channels and club
 drug and convenience stores.  Our products are sold through a combination of direct sales people
 brokers and distributors.  We believe that our direct sales people combined with brokers and distributors provide an effective means of reaching a broad and diverse customer base.  Food brokers act as agents for us within designated territories
 usually on a non-exclusive basis
Our Better-for-You Baby products include infant and toddler formula
 infant cereals
 jarred baby food
 baby food pouches
 snacks
 frozen toddler and kids&#8217; foods and diapers under the Earth&#8217;s Best
&#32;culinary oils
 vinegars and condiments
&#32;nutritional oils and supplements
&#32;nut butters
&#32;broths
 soups and gravies
&#32;breads
 buns
 bagels and tortillas
 Arrowhead Mills&#174; flours
 mixes and cereals
&#32;varieties of root vegetable chips
 potato chips and other exotic vegetable chips
&#32;tortilla chips
 Sensible Portions
 and Garden Veggie Chips and Apple Straws
&#32;Greek-style yogurt and kefir
 Almond Dream



&#32;brand plant-based beverages
Our Pure Personal Care products include skin
 hair and oral care products
 deodorants and sun care and baby care items under the Alba Botanica
 Avalon Organics
 Earth&#8217;s Best
 JASON
&#32;brand and include more than 100 varieties of herbal
 green
 black
 wellness and rooibos teas
 with well-known names and products such as Sleepytime
 Lemon Zinger
 Red Zinger
Cinnamon Apple Spice
In the United Kingdom
 our products include frozen and chilled products
 including but not limited to soups
 fruits and juices
 plant-based and meat-free products
 and premium rice and grain-based products as well as ambient products such as jams
 fruit spreads
 jellies
 honey
 marmalades
 nut butters
 sweeteners
&#32;infant and toddler foods
chilled soups
&#32;and Mary Berry&#8482; hot-eating desserts
&#32;juices
&#32;chilled and frozen plant-based meals
&#32;chilled soups and ready meals
&#32;jams
 fruit spreads and jellies
 William&#8217;s&#8482; conserves
nut butters
&#32;honey
&#32;marmalades. We also provide a comprehensive range of private label products to many retailers
 convenience stores and foodservice providers in the following categories: fresh soup
 pre-cut fresh fruit
 juice
 smoothies
 chilled desserts
Our products are principally sold throughout the United Kingdom and Ireland
 but are also sold in other parts of the world as well. Our customer base consists principally of retailers
 convenience stores
 foodservice providers
 business to business
 natural food and ethnic specialty distributors
Our products are sold throughout Canada. Our customer base consists principally of grocery supermarkets
 mass merchandisers
 club stores
 natural food distributors
 personal care distributors
 drug store chains and foodservice distributors.  Our products are sold through our own retail direct sales force. We also utilize third-party brokers who receive commissions and sell to foodservice and retail customers.  We utilize a third-party merchandising team for retail execution.  As in the United States
&#32;refrigerated and frozen meat-alternative products
 vegetables and lentils
&#32;frozen fruits and vegetables
&#32;infant formula and food
&#32;packaged grains
&#32;nut butters
&#32;cooking and culinary oils
&#32;aseptic soups
 The Greek Gods
 Soy Dream
 Oat Dream
 Coconut Dream
 Almond Dream
&#32;in refrigerated format
plant-based frozen desserts
&#32;teas
&#32;chips
&#32;snack products.  Our personal care products include skin
 hair and oral care products
 deodorants and baby care items under the Avalon Organics
 Alba Botanica
 JASON
 Dream
 Joya
brand includes organic cooked vegetables
 prepared meals
 sauces
&#32;brand includes a wide range of organic products such as soy sauce
 plant-based beverages and grain cakes
 as well as grains
 pasta
 cereals
 miso
 snacks
 sweeteners
 spreads
&#32;brands include plant-based beverages
 including rice
 soy
&#32;brand includes soy
 oat
 rice and nut-based drinks as well as plant-based yogurts
 desserts
 creamers
&#32;jams
 fruit spreads and jellies
varieties of root vegetable and potato chips
&#32;prepared beans and bean-based dips sold in refrigerated tubs
&#32;cold-pressed juice drinks
 DeBoles&#174; pasta
&#32;cereal bars and soups
 GG UniqueFiber&#8482; crackers
&#32;chocolates
 Hollywood&#174; oils
Hain Ventures products are sold throughout the United States. Our customer base consists principally of grocery supermarkets
 mass merchandisers
Two of our customers each accounted for more than 10% of our consolidated net sales in each of the last three fiscal years
 respectively. United Natural Foods
 Inc.
 a distributor of products to natural foods supermarkets
 independent natural retailers and other supermarkets and retailers
 accounted for approximately 
June&#160;30
 2019
 
 respectively
 which were primarily related to the United States segment.  Likewise
 Walmart Inc. and its affiliates
 Sam&#8217;s Club and ASDA
 together accounted for approximately 
June&#160;30
 2019
 
 respectively
 which were primarily related to the United States and United Kingdom segments.  No other customer accounted for more than 10% of our net sales in the past three fiscal years. 
 
 
We use a combination of trade and consumer promotions to market our products.  We use trade advertising and promotion
 including placement fees
 cooperative advertising and feature advertising in distribution catalogs.  Consumer advertising and sales promotions are also made via social media and trial use programs.  We utilize in-store product demonstrations and sampling in the club store channel.  Our investments in consumer spending are aimed at enhancing brand equity and increasing consumption.  These consumer spending categories include
 but are not limited to
 coupons
 direct mailing
 e-consumer relationship programs and other forms of promotions.  Additionally
We also utilize sponsorship programs to help create brand awareness.  In the United States
&#32;brand has an agreement with PBS Kids and Sesame Workshop
&#32;are featured snacks on JetBlue Airways flights.  In addition
&#32;products
Innovation
 including new product development
 is a key component of our growth strategy. We continuously seek to understand our consumers and develop products that address their desire for organic
 natural and better-for-you alternatives to conventional packaged foods and personal care products. We have a demonstrated track record of extending our product offerings into other product categories.  A team of professional product developers
 including microbiologists
 nutritionists
 food scientists
 chefs and chemists
 work to develop products to meet changing consumer needs.  Our research and development staff incorporates product ideas from all areas of our business in order to formulate new products.  In addition to developing new products
 the research and development staff routinely reformulates and improves existing products based on advances in ingredients
&#32;in company-sponsored research and development activities
 consisting primarily of personnel-related costs
 in fiscal 
.  In addition to our company-sponsored research and development activities
 in order to quickly and economically introduce our new products to market
 we may partner with contract manufacturers that make our products according to our formulas or other specifications. The Company also partners with certain customers from time to time on exclusive customer initiatives.  The Company&#8217;s research and development expenditures do not include the expenditures on such activities undertaken by co-packers and suppliers who develop numerous products on behalf of the Company and on their own initiative with the expectation that the Company will accept their new product ideas and market them under the Company&#8217;s brands. 
 
 approximately 
 
 respectively
Boulder
 Colorado (two facilities)
&#32;organic breads
 buns
 bagels
 tortillas
&#32;gluten-free products including breads
Moonachie
 New Jersey
Mountville
 Pennsylvania
Hereford
 Texas
&#32;cereals
Ashland
 Oregon
Bell
 California
 which produces Alba Botanica
 Avalon Organics
Histon
 England
 which produces our ambient grocery products including Hartley&#8217;s
 Frank Cooper&#8217;s
Newport
 Wales
 which produces our Clarks&#8482; sweeteners
Grimsby
 England
Clitheroe
 England
Leeds
 England
Fakenham
 England
Corby
 England (two facilities)
Gateshead
 England
North Yorkshire
 England
Larvik
 Norway
Trenton
 Ontario
Vancouver
 British Columbia
Mississauga
 Ontario
Troisdorf
 Germany
 which produces Natumi
 Rice Dream
&#174;
Andiran
 France
Oberwart
 Austria
 which produces our Dream
&#174;
Schwerin
 Germany
 which also produces our Dream
&#174;
In addition to the products manufactured in our own facilities
 independent third-party manufacturers
 who are referred to in our industry as &#8220;co-packers
&#8221; manufacture many of our products.  In general
 utilizing co-packers provides us with the flexibility to produce a large variety of products and the ability to enter new categories quickly and economically. Our contract manufacturers have been selected based on their production capabilities
 capitalization and their specific product category expertise
 and we expect to continue to partner with them to improve and expand our product offerings.&#160; During fiscal 
 
 approximately 
 
 respectively
applicable regulations and our quality and food safety program requirements
 and compliance is verified through auditing and other activities.  Additionally
Agricultural commodities and ingredients
 including almonds
 corn
 dairy
 fruit and vegetables
 oils
 rice
 soybeans and wheat
 are the principal inputs used in our products.  Our certified organic and natural raw materials as well as our packaging materials are obtained from various suppliers around the world.  The Company works with its suppliers to ensure the quality and safety of their ingredients and that such ingredients meet our specifications and comply with applicable regulations.  These assurances are supported by our purchasing contracts
 supplier expectations manual and technical assessments
 including questionnaires
 scientific data
 certifications
 affidavits
 certificates of analysis and analytical testing
 where required.  Our purchasers and quality team visit major suppliers around the world to procure competitively priced
We maintain long-term relationships with many of our suppliers.  Purchase arrangements with ingredient suppliers are generally made annually.  Purchases are made through purchase orders or contracts
 and price
We operate in a highly competitive environment. Our products compete with both large mainstream conventional packaged goods companies and natural and organic packaged foods companies. Many of these competitors enjoy significantly greater resources. Large mainstream conventional packaged goods competitors include Campbell Soup Company
 Mondelez International
 Inc.
 General Mills
 Inc.
 Danone S.A.
 The J.M. Smucker Company
 Kellogg Company
 The Kraft Heinz Company
 Nestle S.A.
 PepsiCo
 Inc.
 The Hershey Company
 Conagra Brands
 Inc. and Unilever
 and conventional personal care products companies with whom we compete include
 but are not limited to
 The Proctor &amp; Gamble Company
 Johnson &amp; Johnson and Colgate-Palmolive Company.  Certain of these large mainstream conventional packaged foods and personal care companies compete with us by selling both conventional products and natural and/or organic products. Natural and organic packaged foods competitors include Chobani LLC
 Nature&#8217;s Bounty Inc.
 Clif Bar &amp; Company and Amy&#8217;s Kitchen.  In addition to these competitors
 in each of our categories we compete with many regional and small
 local niche brands. Given limited retailer shelf space and merchandising events
 competitors actively support their respective brands with marketing
 advertising and promotional spending.  In addition
 most retailers market similar items under their own private label
Competitive factors in the packaged foods industry include product quality and taste
 brand awareness and loyalty
 product variety
 interesting or unique product names
 product packaging and package design
 shelf space
 reputation
 price
 advertising
We believe that brand awareness is a significant component in a consumer&#8217;s decision to purchase one product over another in highly competitive consumer products industries.  Our trademarks and brand names for the product lines referred to herein are registered in the United States
 Canada
 the United Kingdom and European Union and a number of other foreign countries
 and we intend to keep these filings current and seek protection for new trademarks to the extent consistent with business needs.  We also copyright certain of our artwork and package designs.  We own the trademarks for our principal products
 including Alba Botanica
 Almond Dream
 Arrowhead Mills
 Avalon Organics
 Bearitos
 Better Bean
 BluePrint
 Casbah
 Celestial Seasonings
 Coconut Dream
 Cully &amp; Sully
 Clarks&#8482;
 Danival
 DeBoles
 Earth&#8217;s Best
 Earth&#8217;s Best TenderCare
 Ella&#8217;s Kitchen
 Europe&#8217;s Best
 Farmhouse Fare&#8482;
 Frank Cooper&#8217;s
 Gale&#8217;s
 Garden of Eatin&#8217;
 Hain Pure Foods
 Hartley&#8217;s
 Health Valley
 Imagine
 JASON
 Johnson&#8217;s Juice Co.
 Joya
 Kosher Valley
 Lima
 Live Clean
 MaraNatha
 Natumi
 New Covent Garden Soup Co.
 Nile Spice
 Orchard House&#174;
 Queen Helene
 Rice Dream
 Robertson&#8217;s
 Rudi&#8217;s Organic Bakery
 Sensible Portions
 Soy Dream
 Spectrum
 Sun-Pat
 Sunripe
 SunSpire
 Terra
 The Greek Gods
 Walnut Acres Organic
 Westbrae
 WestSoy
 William&#8217;s&#8482;
.  We also have trademarks for many of our best-selling Celestial Seasonings teas
 including Country Peach Passion
 Lemon Zinger
 Mandarin Orange Spice
 Raspberry Zinger
 Red Zinger
 Sleepytime
We also market products under brands licensed under trademark license agreements
 including Linda McCartney&#8217;s&#8482;
 Mary Berry
 Rose&#8217;s
&#32;products
We are subject to extensive regulations in the United States by federal
 state and local government authorities.  In the United States
 the federal agencies governing the manufacture
 marketing and distribution of our products include
 among others
 the Federal Trade Commission (&#8220;FTC&#8221;)
 the United States Food &amp; Drug Administration (&#8220;FDA&#8221;)
 the United States Department of Agriculture (&#8220;USDA&#8221;)
 the United States Environmental Protection Agency (&#8220;EPA&#8221;) and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (&#8220;OSHA&#8221;).  Under various statutes
 these agencies prescribe and establish
 among other things
 the requirements and standards for quality
Internationally
 we are subject to the laws and regulatory authorities of the foreign jurisdictions in which we manufacture and sell our products
 including the Food Standards Agency in the United Kingdom
 the Canadian Food Inspection Agency in Canada and European Food Safety Authority which supports the European Commission
 as well as individual country
 province
We utilize a comprehensive food safety and quality management program
 which employs strict manufacturing procedures
 expert technical knowledge on food safety science
 employee training
 ongoing process innovation
In the United States
 each of our own manufacturing facilities has a Food Safety Plan (&#8220;FSP&#8221;)
 which focuses on preventing food safety risks and is compliant with the requirements set forth under the Food Safety and Modernization Act (&#8220;FSMA&#8221;). In addition
All of our Hain-owned manufacturing sites and a significant number of our co-packers are certified against a standard recognized by the Global Food Safety Initiative (&#8220;GFSI&#8221;) including Safe Quality Foods (&#8220;SQF&#8221;) and British Retail Consortium (&#8220;BRC&#8221;). These standards are integrated food safety and quality management protocols designed specifically for the food sector and offer a comprehensive methodology to manage food safety and quality. Certification provides an independent and external validation that a product
In addition to third-party inspections of our co-packers
 we have instituted audits to address topics such as allergen control; ingredient
 packaging and product specifications; and sanitation. Under FSMA
 each of our contract manufacturers is required to have a FSP
 a Hazard Analysis Critical Control Plant (&#8220;HACCP&#8221;) plan or a hazard analysis critical control points plan that identifies critical pathways for contaminants and mandates control measures that must be used to prevent
In the United States
 our organic products are certified in accordance with the USDA&#8217;s National Organic Program through Quality Assurance International (&#8220;QAI&#8221;)
 a third-party certifying agency. For products marketed as organic outside of the United States
 we use accredited certifying agencies to ensure compliance with country-specific government regulations for selling organic products or reciprocity
We also work with other non-governmental organizations such as NSF International
 which developed the NSF/ANSI 305 Standard for Personal Care Products Containing Organic Ingredients and provides third-party certification through QAI for our personal care products in the absence of an established government regulation for these products.  In addition
 we work with other nongovernmental organizations such as the Gluten Free Intolerance Group
The following information can be found
 free of charge
our annual report on Form 10-K
 quarterly reports on Form 10-Q
 current reports on Form 8-K
our policies related to corporate governance
 including our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (&#8220;Code of Ethics&#8221;) applying to our directors
the charters of the Audit
If the Company ever were to amend or waive any provision of its Code of Ethics that applies to the Company&#8217;s principal executive officer
 principal financial officer
 principal accounting officer or any person performing similar functions
 the Company intends to satisfy its disclosure obligations
 if any
Our business
 operations and financial condition are subject to various risks and uncertainties.  The most significant of these risks include those described below; however
 there may be additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial.  If any of the following risks and uncertainties develop into actual events
 our business
 financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected.  In such case
 the trading price of our common stock could decline
We operate in highly competitive geographic and product markets.  Numerous brands and products compete for limited retailer shelf space
 where competition is based on product quality
 brand recognition
 brand loyalty
 price
 product innovation
 promotional activity
 availability and taste among other things.  Retailers also market competitive products under their own private labels
Some of our markets are dominated by multinational corporations with greater resources and more substantial operations than us.  We may not be able to successfully compete for sales to distributors or retailers that purchase from larger competitors that have greater financial
 managerial
 sales and technical resources.  Conventional food companies
 including but not limited to Campbell Soup Company
 Mondelez International
 Inc.
 General Mills
 Inc.
 Danone S. A.
 The J.M. Smucker Company
 Kellogg Company
 The Kraft Heinz Company
 Nestle S.A.
 PepsiCo
 Inc.
 The Hershey Company
 Conagra Brands
 Inc.
 and Unilever
 and conventional personal care products companies
 including but not limited to The Procter &amp; Gamble Company
 Johnson &amp; Johnson and Colgate-Palmolive Company
 may be able to use their resources and scale to respond to competitive pressures and changes in consumer preferences by introducing new products or reformulating their existing products
 reducing prices or increasing promotional activities.  We also compete with other organic and natural packaged food brands and companies
 which may be more innovative and able to bring new products to market faster and may be better able to quickly exploit and serve niche markets.  As a result of this competition
 retailers may take actions that negatively affect us.  Consequently
 we may need to increase our marketing
 advertising and promotional spending to protect our existing market share
Our growth and continued success depend upon consumer preferences for our products
Our business is primarily focused on sales of organic
 natural and &#8220;better-for-you&#8221; products which
 if consumer demand for such categories were to decrease
 could harm our business.  While we continue to diversify our product offerings
 developing new products entails risks
 and demand for our products may not continue at current levels or increase in the future.  The success of our innovation and product improvement effort is affected by our ability to anticipate changes in consumers&#8217; preferences
 the level of funding that can be made available
 the technical capability of our research and development staff in developing
 formulating and testing product prototypes
 including complying with governmental regulations
 and the success of our management in introducing the resulting improvements in a timely manner.  In addition
 we may see a substantial shift in consumption towards the e-commerce channel. Typically
 products sold via the e-commerce channel have lower margins than those sold in traditional brick and mortar retailers and present unique challenges in order fulfillment.  If we are unsuccessful in implementing product improvements or introducing new products that satisfy the demands of consumers
In addition
 we have other product categories that are subject to evolving consumer preferences.  Consumer demand could change based on a number of possible factors
 including dietary habits and nutritional values
 concerns regarding the health effects of ingredients and shifts in preference for various product attributes.  A significant shift in consumer demand away from our products could reduce the sales of our brands or our market share
A significant portion of our business has exposure to continued political uncertainty in the United Kingdom and the negotiation of its exit from the European Union
In each of fiscal years 2019 and 2018
&#32;of our consolidated net sales were generated in the United Kingdom
 which continues to experience political
 economic and market uncertainty as it negotiates the terms of Brexit. Brexit has caused and may continue to cause disruptions to and create uncertainty surrounding our business
 including affecting our relationships with our existing and future customers
 suppliers and employees
 which could have an adverse effect on our business
 financial results and operations.  The effects of Brexit will depend on any agreements the United Kingdom makes to retain access to European Union markets either during a transitional period or more permanently.  The measures could potentially disrupt the markets we serve and the tax jurisdictions in which we operate
may cause us to lose customers
 suppliers and employees. In addition
Our growth and continued success depend upon
 among other things
 our ability to maintain and increase sales volumes with existing customers
 our ability to attract new customers
 the financial condition of our customers and our ability to provide products that appeal to customers at the right price.  Customers
 such as supermarkets and food distributors in North America and the European Union
 continue to consolidate.  This consolidation has produced larger
 more sophisticated organizations with increased negotiating and buying power that are able to resist price increases or demand increased promotional programs
 as well as operate with lower inventories
 decrease the number of brands that they carry and increase their emphasis on private label products
Two of our customers each accounted for more than 10% of our consolidated net sales in each of the last three fiscal years
 respectively. United Natural Foods
 Inc.
 a distributor of products to natural foods supermarkets
 independent natural retailers and other supermarkets and retailers
 accounted for approximately 
June&#160;30
 2019
 
 and 
 respectively
 which were primarily related to the United States segment.  Likewise
 WalMart Inc. and its affiliates
 Sam&#8217;s Club and ASDA
 together accounted for approximately 
 
June&#160;30
 2019
 
 respectively
The loss of any large customer
In our United States segment
 we rely upon sales made by or through a group of non-affiliated distributors to customers.  Distributors purchase directly for their own account for resale.  The loss of
 or business disruption at
 one or more of these distributors may harm our business.  If we are required to obtain additional or alternative distribution agreements or arrangements in the future
Adverse and uncertain economic and market conditions
 particularly in the locations in which we operate
 may impact customer and consumer demand for our products and our ability to manage normal commercial relationships with our customers
 suppliers and creditors.  Consumers may shift purchases to lower-priced or other perceived value offerings during economic downturns
 which may adversely affect our results of operations.  Consumers may also reduce the number of organic and natural products that they purchase where there are conventional alternatives
 given that organic and natural products generally have higher retail prices than do their conventional counterparts.  In addition
 consumers may choose to purchase private label products rather than branded products
Prolonged unfavorable economic conditions may have an adverse effect on any of these factors and
 therefore
We are subject to risks associated with our international sales and operations
 including foreign currency
Operating in international markets involves exposure to movements in currency exchange rates
 which are volatile at times.  The economic impact of currency exchange rate movements is complex because such changes are often linked to variability in real growth
 inflation
 interest rates
 governmental actions and other factors.  Consequently
 isolating the effect of changes in currency does not incorporate these other important economic factors.  These changes
 if material
We hold assets
 incur liabilities
 earn revenue and pay expenses in a variety of currencies other than the United States Dollar
 primarily the British Pound
 the Euro
 the Canadian Dollar and the Indian Rupee.  Our consolidated financial statements are presented in United States Dollars
 and therefore we must translate our assets
 liabilities
 revenue and expenses into United States Dollars for external reporting purposes.  As a result
 changes in the value of the United States Dollar during a period may unpredictably and adversely impact our consolidated operating results
 our asset and liability balances and our cash flows in our consolidated financial statements
 even if their value has not changed in their original currency.
&#32;of our consolidated net sales were generated outside the United States
.  Sales from outside our U.S. markets may continue to represent a significant portion of our total net sales in the future.  Our non-U.S. sales and operations are subject to risks inherent in conducting business abroad
 many of which are outside our control
periodic economic downturns and the instability of governments
 including default or deterioration in the credit worthiness of local governments
 geopolitical regional conflicts
 terrorist activity
 political unrest
 civil strife
 acts of war
 public corruption
difficulties in managing a global enterprise
 including staffing
compliance with U.S. laws affecting operations outside of the United States
difficulties associated with operating under a wide variety of complex foreign laws
 treaties and regulations
compliance with antitrust and competition laws
 anti-modern slavery laws
 anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws
 data privacy laws
 including the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (&#8220;GDPR&#8221;)
 and a variety of other local
tariffs
 quotas
 trade barriers or sanctions
 other trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements imposed by governments that might negatively affect our sales
 including
 but not limited to
pandemics
 such as the flu
earthquakes
 tsunamis
varying regulatory
 tax
 judicial and administrative practices in the jurisdictions where we operate
 including changes in tax laws
 interpretation of tax laws
changes in capital controls
increased costs
If we do not manage our supply chain effectively
The success of our business depends
 in part
 on maintaining a strong sourcing and manufacturing platform.  The inability of any supplier of raw materials
 independent co-packer or third-party distributor to deliver or perform for us in a timely or cost-effective manner could cause our operating costs to increase and our profit margins to decrease
 especially as it relates to our products that have a short shelf life.  We must continuously monitor our inventory and product mix against forecasted demand or risk having inadequate supplies to meet consumer demand as well as having too much inventory on hand that may reach its expiration date and become unsaleable.  If we are unable to manage our supply chain efficiently and ensure that our products are available to meet consumer demand
 our operating costs could increase
Many aspects of our business have been
 and may continue to be
 directly affected by volatile commodity costs
 including fuel.  Agricultural commodities and ingredients
 including almonds
 corn
 dairy
 fruit and vegetables
 oils
 rice
 soybeans and wheat
 are the principal inputs used in our products.  These items are subject to price volatility which can be caused by commodity market fluctuations
 crop yields
 seasonal cycles
 weather conditions (including the potential effects of climate change)
 temperature extremes and natural disasters (including floods
 droughts
 water scarcity
 frosts
 earthquakes and hurricanes)
 pest and disease problems
 changes in currency exchange rates
 imbalances between supply and demand
 and government programs and policies among other factors.  Volatile fuel costs translate into unpredictable costs for the products and services we receive from our third-party providers including
 but not limited to
 distribution costs for our products and packaging costs.  While we seek to offset the volatility of such costs with a combination of cost savings initiatives
 operating efficiencies and price increases to our customers
we may be unable to manage cost volatility.  If we are unable to fully offset the volatility of such costs
We put in place planned productivity initiatives that are designed to control or reduce costs or that increase operating efficiencies in order to improve our profitability and offset many of the input cost increases that are outside of our control.  In addition
 these initiatives are designed to fund opportunities for investment in innovation and marketing.  Our success depends on our ability to execute these initiatives and realize cost savings and efficiencies from our operations.  If we are unable to identify and fully implement our productivity plans and achieve our anticipated efficiencies
Our profit margins also depend on our ability to manage our inventory efficiently.  As part of our effort to manage our inventory more efficiently
 we carry out SKU rationalization programs
 which may result in the discontinuation of lower-margin or low-turnover SKUs.  For example
 as part of the Project Terra review
 and the more recent productivity initiative in fiscal year 2019
 the Company has carried out product rationalization initiatives aimed at eliminating low margin and slow moving SKUs or brands entirely.  However
 a number of factors
 such as changes in customers&#8217; inventory levels
 access to shelf space and changes in consumer preferences
 may lengthen the number of days we carry certain inventories
Our debt may restrict our future operations
We have substantial debt and have the ability to incur additional debt. As of June 30
 2019
&#32;of debt outstanding under our credit agreement
&#32;outstanding under a term loan. As of June 30
 2019
Our credit agreement contains covenants imposing certain restrictions on our business. These restrictions may affect our ability to operate our business and may limit our ability to take advantage of potential business opportunities as they arise. The credit agreement contains restrictive covenants including
 with specified exceptions
 limitations on our ability to engage in certain business activities
 incur debt and liens
 make capital expenditures
 pay dividends or make other distributions
 enter into affiliate transactions
 consolidate
 merge or acquire or dispose of assets
 and make certain investments
 acquisitions and loans. The credit agreement also requires us to satisfy certain financial covenants
Our ability to comply with these covenants under the credit agreement may be affected by events beyond our control
 including prevailing economic
 financial and industry conditions. The breach of any of these covenants could result in a default
 which would permit the lenders to declare all outstanding debt to be due and payable
 together with accrued and unpaid interest. Our obligations under the credit agreement are guaranteed by certain existing and future domestic subsidiaries of the Company and are secured by liens on assets of the Company and its material domestic subsidiaries
 including the equity interest in each of their direct subsidiaries and intellectual property
Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
 and for evaluating and reporting on our system for internal control. Our management concluded in its most recent year-end assessment that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 30
 2019. However
 such internal control has inherent limitations and may not prevent or detect misstatements. Even effective&#160;internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. If we fail to maintain adequate internal controls
 including any failure to implement required new or improved controls
 or if we experience difficulties in their implementation
 we could fail to meet our financial reporting obligations and our business
Legal claims
We operate in a highly regulated environment with constantly evolving legal and regulatory frameworks. Consequently
 we are subject to a heightened risk of legal claims
to extensive regulations in the United States
 United Kingdom
 Canada
 Europe
 Asia
 including India
 and any other countries where we manufacture
 distribute and/or sell our products.  Our products are subject to numerous food safety and other laws and regulations relating to the registration and approval
 sourcing
 manufacturing
 storing
 labeling
 marketing
 advertising and distribution of these products. Enforcement of existing laws and regulations
 changes in legal requirements and/or evolving interpretations of existing regulatory requirements may result in increased compliance costs and create other obligations
 financial or otherwise
 that could adversely affect our business
In addition
 we could be adversely affected by violations of the FCPA and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws
 which generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to non-U.S. officials or other third parties for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with existing laws and regulations
 we cannot provide any assurance that our employees
Moreover
 a failure to maintain effective control processes could lead to violations
 unintentional or otherwise
 of laws and regulations. Legal claims
 government investigations or regulatory enforcement actions arising out of our failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us to civil and criminal penalties that could materially and adversely affect our product sales
 reputation
 financial condition
 and operating results. In addition
We are
 or may become
 party to various lawsuits and claims arising in the normal course of business
 which may include lawsuits or claims relating to contracts
 intellectual property
 product recalls
 product liability
 the marketing and labeling of products
 employment matters
 environmental matters
 data protection or other aspects of our business as well as any securities class action and stockholder derivative litigation. For example
 as discussed under Item 3
 &#8220;Legal Proceedings&#8221;
 we are currently subject to class actions and derivative complaints arising out of or related to the Company&#8217;s internal accounting review.  Even when not merited
 the defense of these lawsuits may divert our management&#8217;s attention
 and we may incur significant expenses in defending these lawsuits. The results of litigation and other legal proceedings are inherently uncertain
 and adverse judgments or settlements in some or all of these legal disputes may result in monetary damages
 penalties or injunctive relief against us
 which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position
 cash flows or results of operations. Any claims or litigation
 even if fully indemnified or insured
We may be subject to significant liability that is not covered by insurance
 and our potential indemnification obligations and limitations of our director and officer liability insurance could result in significant legal expenses or damages and cause our business
 financial condition
While we believe that the extent of our insurance coverage is consistent with industry practice
 any claim under our insurance policies may be subject to certain exceptions as well as caps on amounts recoverable
 may not be honored fully
 in a timely manner
 or at all
 and we may not have purchased sufficient insurance to cover all losses incurred. Separate from potential indemnification obligations
 if we were to incur substantial liabilities or if our business operations were interrupted for a substantial period of time
 we could incur costs and suffer losses. Such inventory and business interruption losses may not be covered by our insurance policies. Additionally
 in the future
 insurance coverage may not be available to us at commercially acceptable premiums
In addition
 both current and former officers and members of our Board of Directors
 as individual defendants
 are the subject of lawsuits related to the Company. Under Delaware law
 our bylaws and certain indemnification agreements
 we may have an obligation to indemnify both current and former officers and directors in relation to these matters
 and our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all of the costs associated with these claims. If the Company incurs significant uninsured indemnity obligations
 our indemnity obligations could result in significant legal expenses or damages and cause our business
 financial condition
The sale of products for human use and consumption involves the risk of injury or illness to consumers.  Such injuries may result from inadvertent mislabeling
 tampering by unauthorized third parties or product contamination or spoilage.  Under certain circumstances
 we may be required to recall or withdraw products
 suspend production of our products or cease operations
 which may lead to a material adverse effect on our business.  In addition
such events.  Even if a situation does not necessitate a recall or market withdrawal
 product liability claims might be asserted against us.  While we are subject to governmental inspection and regulations and believe our facilities and those of our co-packers and suppliers comply in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations
 if the consumption of any of our products causes
 or is alleged to have caused
 a health-related illness
 we may become subject to claims or lawsuits relating to such matters.  Even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued
 the negative publicity surrounding any assertion that our products caused illness or physical harm
 could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential customers and consumers and our corporate and brand image.  Moreover
 claims or liabilities of this type might not be covered by our insurance or by any rights of indemnity or contribution that we may have against others.  Although we maintain product liability and product recall insurance in an amount that we believe to be adequate
 we may incur claims or liabilities for which we are not insured or that exceed the amount of our insurance coverage.  A product liability judgment against us or a product recall could have a material adverse effect on our business
 consolidated financial condition
June&#160;30
 2019
 we had goodwill of 
&#32;of our total consolidated assets.  The net carrying value of goodwill represents the fair value of acquired businesses in excess of identifiable assets and liabilities as of the acquisition date (or subsequent impairment date
 if applicable).  The net carrying value of trademarks and other intangibles represents the fair value of trademarks
 customer relationships and other acquired intangibles as of the acquisition date (or subsequent impairment date
 if applicable)
 net of accumulated amortization.  Goodwill and other acquired intangibles expected to contribute indefinitely to our cash flows are not amortized
 but must be evaluated by management at least annually for impairment.  Amortized intangible assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of these assets may not be recoverable.  Impairments to goodwill and other intangible assets may be caused by factors outside our control
 such as increasing competitive pricing pressures
 changes in discount rates based on changes in cost of capital (interest rates
 etc.)
 lower than expected sales and profit growth rates
 changes in industry Earnings Before Interest Taxes Depreciation and Amortization (&#8220;EBITDA&#8221;) multiples
 the inability to quickly replace lost co-manufacturing business
 or the bankruptcy of a significant customer.  We have in the past recorded
 and may in the future be required to record
As discussed under Item 1
 &#8220;Business
&#8221; as part of the Company&#8217;s overall strategy
 the Company may seek to dispose of businesses and brands that are less profitable or are otherwise less of a strategic fit within our core portfolio.  We may not be able to negotiate such divestitures on terms acceptable to us.  Also
 our profitability may be impacted by gains or losses on the sales of such businesses
 or lost operating income or cash flows from such businesses.  Additionally
 we may be required to record
 and have in the past recorded
 asset impairment or restructuring charges related to divested businesses.  Similarly
 we may be obliged to indemnify buyers for liabilities
 which may reduce our profitability and cash flows.  Such potential divestitures will require management resources and may divert management&#8217;s attention from our day-to-day operations.  If we are not successful in divesting such businesses
Our acquisition history could expose us to risk
We have historically grown our business in part through the acquisition of brands
 both in the United States and internationally.  The success of our more recent acquisitions will be dependent upon our ability to effectively integrate those brands
 including our ability to realize potentially available marketing opportunities and cost savings
 some of which may involve operational changes.  Despite our due diligence investigation of each business that we have acquired
 there may be liabilities of the acquired companies that we failed to or were unable to discover during the diligence process and for which we
 as a successor owner
Our ability to ensure a continuing supply of organic ingredients at competitive prices depends on many factors beyond our control
 such as the number and size of farms that grow organic crops
 climate conditions
 increased demand for organic ingredients by our competitors
 changes in national and world economic conditions
The organic ingredients that we use in the production of our products (including
 among others
 fruits
 vegetables
 nuts and grains) are vulnerable to adverse weather conditions and natural disasters
 such as floods
 droughts
 water scarcity
 temperature extremes
frosts
 earthquakes and pestilences.  Natural disasters and adverse weather conditions (including the potential effects of climate change) can lower crop yields and reduce crop size and crop quality
 which in turn could reduce our supplies of organic ingredients or increase the prices of organic ingredients.  If our supplies of organic ingredients are reduced
 we may not be able to find enough supplemental supply sources on favorable terms
 if at all
 which could impact our ability to supply products to our customers and adversely affect our business
We also compete with other manufacturers in the procurement of organic product ingredients
Interruption in
June&#160;30
 2019
 
 approximately 
 
 respectively
 of our net sales was derived from products manufactured at our own manufacturing facilities.  An interruption in
 disruption of or the loss of operations at one or more of these facilities
 which may be caused by work stoppages
 governmental actions
 disease outbreaks or pandemics
 acts of war
 terrorism
 fire
 earthquakes
 flooding or other natural disasters at one or more of these facilities
 could delay or postpone production of our products
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 results of operations and financial condition until such time as the interruption of operations is resolved or an alternate source of production is secured.  In addition
 if one or more of our manufacturing facilities are running at full capacity and we are unable to keep up with customer demand
 we may not be able to fulfill orders on time or at all which could adversely impact our business.
 
 approximately 
 
 respectively
 of our net sales were derived from products manufactured at independent co-packers.  In some cases
 an individual co-packer may produce all of our requirements for a particular brand.  We believe there are a limited number of competent
 high-quality co-packers in the industry
 and many of our co-packers produce products for other companies as well.  Therefore
 if we lose or need to change one or more co-packers
 experience disruptions or delays at a co-packer or fail to retain co-packers for newly acquired products or brands
 production of our products may be delayed or postponed and/or the availability of some of our products may be reduced or eliminated
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
The success of our business depends
 in large part
 upon dependable and cost-effective transportation systems and a strong distribution network.  A disruption in transportation services could result in an inability to supply materials to our or our co-packers&#8217; facilities or finished products to our distribution centers or customers.  We utilize distribution centers that are managed by third parties.  Activity at these distribution centers could be disrupted by a number of factors
 including labor issues
 failure to meet customer standards
 acts of war
 terrorism
 fire
 earthquakes
We believe that brand awareness is a significant component in a consumer&#8217;s decision to purchase one product over another in the highly competitive food
 beverage and personal care industries.  Although we endeavor to protect our trademarks and trade names
 these efforts may not be successful
 and third parties may challenge our right to use one or more of our trademarks or trade names. We believe that our trademarks and trade names are significant to the marketing and sale of our products and that the inability to utilize certain of these names could have a material adverse effect on our business
In addition
 we market products under brands licensed under trademark license agreements
 including Linda McCartney&#8217;s&#8482;
&#32;products.  We believe that these trademarks have significant value and are instrumental in our ability to market and sustain demand for those product offerings.  We cannot assure you that these trademark license agreements will remain in effect and enforceable or that any license agreements
 upon expiration
 can be renewed on acceptable terms or at all.  In addition
We are subject to environmental laws and regulations relating to hazardous materials
As with other companies engaged in similar businesses
 the nature of our operations expose us to the risk of liabilities and claims with respect to environmental matters
 including those relating to the disposal and release of hazardous substances.  Furthermore
 our operations are governed by laws and regulations relating to workplace safety and worker health
 which
 among other things
 regulate employee exposure to hazardous chemicals in the workplace.  Any material costs incurred in connection with such liabilities or claims could have a material adverse effect on our business
 consolidated financial condition
 results of operations or liquidity.  Any environmental or health and safety legislation or regulations enacted in the future
 or any changes in how existing or future laws or regulations will be enforced
 administered or interpreted
 may lead to an increase in compliance costs or expose us to additional risk of liabilities and claims
 which could have a material adverse effect on our business
 consolidated financial condition
If the reputation of one or more of our leading brands erodes significantly
Our financial success is directly dependent on the consumer perception of our brands.  The success of our brands may suffer if our marketing plans or product initiatives do not have the desired impact on a brand&#8217;s image or its ability to attract consumers.  Further
 our results could be negatively impacted if one of our brands suffers substantial damage to its reputation due to real or perceived quality issues or the Company is perceived to act in an irresponsible manner.  In addition
 it is possible for such information
We rely on independent third-party certification
 such as certifications of our products as &#8220;organic&#8221;
 &#8220;Non-GMO&#8221; or &#8220;kosher
&#8221; to differentiate our products from others.  We must comply with the requirements of independent organizations or certification authorities in order to label our products as certified organic.  For example
 we can lose our &#8220;organic&#8221; certification if a manufacturing plant becomes contaminated with non-organic materials
 or if it is not properly cleaned after a production run. In addition
 all raw materials must be certified organic.  Similarly
 we can lose our &#8220;kosher&#8221; certification if a manufacturing plant and raw materials do not meet the requirements of the appropriate kosher supervision organization.  The loss of any independent certifications could adversely affect our market position as an organic and natural products company
We use computers in substantially all aspects of our business operations.&#160;&#160;We also use mobile devices
 social networking and other online activities to connect with our employees
 suppliers
 customers and consumers.&#160;&#160;Such uses give rise to cybersecurity risks
 including security breach
 espionage
 system disruption
 theft and inadvertent release of information.&#160;&#160;Our business involves the storage and transmission of numerous classes of sensitive and/or confidential information and intellectual property
 including customers&#8217; and suppliers' information
 private information about employees
 and financial and strategic information about the Company and its business partners.&#160;&#160;Further
 as we pursue new initiatives that improve our operations and cost structure
 we are also expanding and improving our information technologies
 resulting in a larger technological presence and increased exposure to cybersecurity risk.&#160;&#160;If we fail to assess and identify cybersecurity risks associated with new initiatives
 we may become increasingly vulnerable to such risks.&#160;&#160;Additionally
 while we have implemented measures to prevent security breaches and cyber incidents
 our preventative measures and incident response efforts may not be entirely effective.&#160;&#160;The theft
 destruction
 loss
 misappropriation
 or release of sensitive and/or confidential information or intellectual property
 or interference with our information technology systems or the technology systems of third parties on which we rely
 could result in business disruption
 negative publicity
 brand damage
 litigation
 violation of privacy laws
 loss of customers
 potential liability and competitive disadvantage any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business
The efficient operation of our business depends on our information technology systems.  We rely on our information technology systems to effectively manage our business data
 communications
 supply chain
 order entry and fulfillment
 and other business processes.  The failure of our information technology systems to perform as we anticipate could disrupt our business and could result in transaction errors
 processing inefficiencies and the loss of sales and customers
 causing our business and results of operations to suffer.  In addition
circumstances beyond our control
 including fire
 natural disasters
Compliance with data privacy laws may be costly
Many jurisdictions in which the Company operates have laws and regulations relating to data privacy and protection of personal information
 including the European Union GDPR
 which became effective May 25
 2018. GDPR requires companies to satisfy requirements regarding the handling of personal data. Failure to comply with GDPR requirements could result in litigation
 adverse publicity and penalties of up to 4% of worldwide revenue. The law in this area continues to develop
 and the changing nature of privacy laws in the European Union and elsewhere could impact the Company&#8217;s processing of personal information related to the Company&#8217;s employees
 consumers
 customers and vendors.  The enactment of more restrictive laws
 rules or regulations or future enforcement actions or investigations could impact us through increased costs or restrictions on our business
As part of our business strategy
 we have made minority interest investments and established joint ventures.  These transactions typically involve a number of risks and present financial and other challenges
 including the existence of unknown potential disputes
 liabilities or contingencies and changes in the industry
 location or political environment in which these investments are located
 that may arise after entering into such arrangements.  We could experience financial or other setbacks if these transactions encounter unanticipated problems
Global capital and credit market issues could negatively affect our liquidity
We depend on stable
 liquid and well-functioning capital and credit markets to fund our operations.  Although we believe that our operating cash flows
 financial assets
 access to capital and credit markets and revolving credit agreement will permit us to meet our financing needs for the foreseeable future
 future volatility or disruption in the capital and credit markets and the state of the economy
 including the consumer staples industry
There is concern that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere may have an adverse impact on global temperatures
 weather patterns and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters.  In the event that such climate change has a negative effect on agricultural productivity
 we may be subject to decreased availability or less favorable pricing for certain commodities that are necessary for our products
 such as corn
 oats
 rice
 wheat and various fruits and vegetables.  As a result of climate change
 we may also be subjected to decreased availability of water
 deteriorated quality of water or less favorable pricing for water
The ownership of our common stock could be concentrated
As of August 29
 2019
 based on information filed with the SEC and reported to us
 Engaged Capital
 LLC and certain of its affiliates (&#8220;Engaged Capital&#8221;) beneficially owned an aggregate of approximately 20% of our outstanding common stock. Engaged Capital and any other stockholders acquiring beneficial ownership of a significant amount of our outstanding common stock could have significant influence over the outcome of corporate actions requiring stockholder approval
 including the election of directors
 any merger
 consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets
Our Board of Directors is empowered to issue
 without stockholder approval
 preferred stock with dividends
 liquidation
 conversion
 voting or other rights
 which could decrease the amount of earnings and assets available for distribution to holders of our common stock and adversely affect the relative voting power or other rights of the holders of our common stock.  In the event of issuance
 the preferred stock could be used as a method of discouraging
and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 5 million shares of &#8220;blank check&#8221; preferred stock with such designations
 rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by our Board of Directors.  Although we have no present intention to issue any shares of our preferred stock
Our principal facilities
 which are leased except where otherwise indicated
Lake Success
86
Boulder
158
Hereford
136
Moonachie
75
Mountville
100
Boulder
21
Ashland
13
Distribution center (Grocery
 snacks
Ontario
375
Boulder
100
Manufacturing and distribution (Breads
 buns
Boulder
69
Bell
125
Ashland
13
Histon
303
Clitheroe
38
Leeds
34
Grimsby
61
North Yorkshire
14
Fakenham
101
Corby
45
Corby
22
Manufacturing
Corby
89
Gateshead
46
Larvik
20
Newport
14
Vancouver
 BC
76
Mississauga
 ON
61
Mississauga
 ON
81
Trenton
 ON
47
Toronto
 ON
14
Manufacturing
Troisdorf
131
Andiran
39
Nerac
18
Oberwart
108
Schwerin
650
Loipersdorf
76
We also lease space for other smaller offices and facilities in the United States
 United Kingdom
 Canada
In addition to the foregoing distribution facilities operated by us
For further information regarding our lease obligations
 see Note 17

 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K.  For further information regarding the use of our properties by segments
 see Item 1
On August 17
 2016
Flora v. The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
Lynn v. The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
Spadola v. The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
&#32;(the &#8220;Spadola Complaint&#8221; and
 together with the Flora and Lynn Complaints
 the &#8220;Securities Complaints&#8221;). On June 5
 2017
 the court issued an order for consolidation
 appointment of Co-Lead Plaintiffs and approval of selection of co-lead counsel. Pursuant to this order
In re The Hain Celestial Group
&#32;(the &#8220;Consolidated Securities Action&#8221;)
 and Rosewood Funeral Home and Salamon Gimpel were appointed as Co-Lead Plaintiffs. On June 21
 2017
 the Company received notice that plaintiff Spadola voluntarily dismissed his claims without prejudice to his ability to participate in the Consolidated Securities Action as an absent class member. The Co-Lead Plaintiffs in the Consolidated Securities Action filed a Consolidated Amended Complaint on August 4
 2017 and a Corrected Consolidated Amended Complaint on September 7
 2017 on behalf of a purported class consisting of all persons who purchased or otherwise acquired Hain Celestial securities between November 5
 2013 and February 10
 2017 (the &#8220;Amended Complaint&#8221;). The Amended Complaint named as defendants the Company and certain of its current and former officers (collectively
 &#8220;Defendants&#8221;) and asserted violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 based on allegedly materially false or misleading statements and omissions in public statements
 press releases and SEC filings regarding the Company&#8217;s business
 prospects
 financial results and internal controls. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Amended Complaint on October 3
 2017 which the Court granted on March 29
 2019
 dismissing the case in its entirety
 without prejudice to replead. Co-Lead Plaintiffs filed a Second Amended Consolidated Class Action Complaint on May 6
 2019 (the &#8220;Second Amended Complaint&#8221;). The Second Amended Complaint again names as defendants the Company and certain of its current and former officers and asserts violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 based on allegations similar to those in the Amended Complaint
 including materially false or misleading statements and omissions in public statements
press releases and SEC filings regarding the Company&#8217;s business
 prospects
 financial results and internal controls. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint on June 20
 2019. Co-Lead Plaintiffs filed an opposition on August 5
 2019
 and Defendants have until September 3
On September 16
 2016
 a stockholder derivative complaint
Paperny v. Heyer
&#32;(the &#8220;Paperny Complaint&#8221;)
 was filed in New York State Supreme Court in Nassau County against the Board of Directors and certain officers of the Company alleging breach of fiduciary duty
 unjust enrichment
 lack of oversight and corporate waste. On December 2
 2016 and December 29
 2016
&#32;(the &#8220;Shakir Complaint&#8221; and
 together with the Paperny Complaint and the Scarola Complaint
 the &#8220;Derivative Complaints&#8221;)
 respectively. Both the Scarola Complaint and the Shakir Complaint alleged breach of fiduciary duty
 lack of oversight and unjust enrichment. On February 16
 2017
&#32;(the &#8220;Consolidated Derivative Action&#8221;) in New York State Supreme Court in Nassau County
 ordering the Shakir Complaint as the operative complaint. On November 2
 2017
 the parties agreed to stay the Consolidated Derivative Action. Co-Lead Plaintiffs requested leave to file an amended consolidated complaint
 and on January 14
 2019
 the Court partially lifted the stay
 ordering Co-Lead Plaintiffs to file their amended complaint by March 7
 2019. Co-Lead Plaintiffs filed a Verified Amended Shareholder Derivative Complaint on March 7
 2019. The Court continued the stay pending a decision on Defendants&#8217; motion to dismiss in the Consolidated Securities Action (referenced above). After the Court in the Consolidated Securities Action dismissed the Amended Complaint
 the Court in the Consolidated Derivative Action ordered Co-Lead Plaintiffs to file a second amended complaint no later than July 8
 2019. Co-Lead Plaintiffs filed a Verified Second Amended Shareholder Derivative Complaint on July 8
 2019 (the &#8220;Second Amended Derivative Complaint&#8221;).  Defendants moved to dismiss the Second Amended Derivative Complaint on August 7
 2019. Co-Lead Plaintiffs must file any opposition to Defendants&#8217; motion to dismiss by September 6
 2019
 and Defendants have until September 20
On April 19
 2017 and April 26
 2017
Silva v. Simon
Barnes v. Simon
&#32;(the &#8220;Barnes Complaint&#8221;)
 respectively. Both the Silva Complaint and the Barnes Complaint allege violation of securities law
 breach of fiduciary duty
On May 23
 2017
 an additional stockholder filed a complaint under seal in the Eastern District of New York against the Board of Directors and certain officers of the Company. The complaint alleged that the Company&#8217;s directors and certain officers made materially false and misleading statements in press releases and SEC filings regarding the Company&#8217;s business
 prospects and financial results. The complaint also alleged that the Company violated its by-laws and Delaware law by failing to hold its 2016 Annual Stockholders Meeting and includes claims for breach of fiduciary duty
 unjust enrichment and corporate waste. On August 9
 2017
On August 10
 2017
 the court granted the parties stipulation to consolidate the Barnes Complaint
In re The Hain Celestial Group
&#32;(the &#8220;Consolidated Stockholder Class and Derivative Action&#8221;) and to appoint Robbins Arroyo LLP and Scott+Scott as Co-Lead Counsel
 with the Law Offices of Thomas G. Amon as Liaison Counsel for Plaintiffs. On September 14
 2017
Oliver v. Berke
&#32;(the &#8220;Oliver Complaint&#8221;)
 and on October 6
 2017
 the Oliver Complaint was consolidated with the Consolidated Stockholder Class and Derivative Action. The Plaintiffs filed their consolidated amended complaint under seal on October 26
 2017. On December 20
 2017
 the parties agreed to stay Defendants&#8217; time to answer
 move
 or otherwise respond to the consolidated amended complaint through and including 30 days after a decision was rendered on the motion to dismiss the Amended Complaint in the consolidated Consolidated Securities Action
On March 29
 2019
 the Court in the Consolidated Securities Action granted Defendants&#8217; motion
 dismissing the Amended Complaint in its entirety
 without prejudice to replead. Co-Lead Plaintiffs in the Consolidated Securities Actions filed a second amended complaint on May 6
 2019. The parties to the Consolidated Stockholder Class and Derivative Action agreed to continue the stay of Defendants&#8217; time to answer
 move
In addition to the litigation described above
 the Company is and may be a defendant in lawsuits from time to time in the normal course of business. While the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty
 the Company believes the reasonably possible losses of such matters
 individually and in the aggregate
 are not material. Additionally
 the Company believes the probable final outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Company&#8217;s consolidated results of operations
 financial position
Item 5.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Market for Registrant&#8217;s Common Equity
Outstanding shares of our common stock
 par value $.01 per share
August&#160;22
 2019
We have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date. The payment of all dividends will be at the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend on
 among other things
 future earnings
 operations
 capital requirements
 contractual restrictions
 including restrictions under our credit facility
April 1
 2019 - April 30
8
May 1
 2019 - May 31
June 1
 2019 - June 30
13
21
On June 21
 2017
 the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $250 million of the Company&#8217;s issued and outstanding common stock. Repurchases may be made from time to time in the open market
 pursuant to pre-set trading plans
 in private transactions or otherwise. The authorization does not have a stated expiration date. The Company did not repurchase any shares under this program in fiscal 2019
The following graph compares the performance of our common stock to the S&amp;P 500 Index
 the S&amp;P Smallcap 600 Index and  the S&amp;P Packaged Foods &amp; Meats Index (in which we are included) for the period from June 30
 2014 through June 30
The following information has been summarized from our financial statements.  The information set forth below is not necessarily indicative of results of future operations and should be read in conjunction with Item 7
 &#8220;Management&#8217;s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations&#8221;
 and the consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K to fully understand factors that may affect the comparability of the information presented below
 including the completion of several business combinations in recent years.  Refer to Note 6
 
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
2
302
2
457
2
343
2
392
2
272
(49
82
65
27
147
Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
(133
(72
1
19
17
(183
9
67
47
164
318
629
534
543
537
2
582
2
946
2
931
3
008
3
099
Long-term debt
613
687
740
835
812
1
519
1
737
1
712
1
664
1
727
(a)  Loss from continuing operations and net loss for fiscal 2019 included Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
 net
 of 
&#32;related to certain of the Company&#8217;s trade names
&#32;associated primarily with facilities closures in the United Kingdom and write downs of the value of certain machinery and equipment in the United States no longer in use
 some of which was used to manufacture certain slow moving SKUs that were discontinued
&#32;of accounting review costs
 net of insurance proceeds.  Income from continuing operations and net income for fiscal 2018 included a goodwill impairment charge of&#160;$7.7 million&#160;in our Hain Ventures operating segment
 an impairment charge of&#160;$8.4 million&#160;which related to long-lived assets associated with the closure of manufacturing facilities in the United States and United Kingdom and discontinuation of certain slow moving SKUs in the United States segment
 an impairment charge of&#160;$5.6 million&#160;related to certain of the Company&#8217;s trade names and&#160;$9.3 million&#160;of accounting review costs. Income from continuing operations and net income for fiscal 2017 included an impairment charge of&#160;$26.4 million&#160;related primarily to long-lived assets associated with the exit of certain portions of our own-label chilled desserts business in the United Kingdom segment and an impairment charge of&#160;$14.1 million&#160;related to certain of the Company&#8217;s trade names. Additionally
 income from continuing operations and net income for fiscal 2017 were impacted by&#160;$29.6 million&#160;of accounting review costs. Income from continuing operations and net income for fiscal 2016 included a goodwill impairment charge of&#160;$84.5 million&#160;and an impairment charge of&#160;$39.7 million&#160;related to certain of the Company&#8217;s trade names. See Note 9
&#160;
.  Additionally
 fiscal 2019 and 2018 included impairment charges of 
 respectively
 related to assets held for sale. See Note 5
Discontinued Operations
(c) Upon adoption of Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) 2015-17

June&#160;30
&#32;included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K.  Forward-looking statements in this Form 10-K are qualified by the cautionary statement included in this review under the sub-heading
 &#8220;Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Information
The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 was founded in 1993 and is headquartered in Lake Success
 New York. The Company&#8217;s mission has continued to evolve since its founding
 with health and wellness being the core tenet.  The Company continues to be a leading marketer
 manufacturer and seller of organic and natural
 &#8220;better-for-you&#8221; products by anticipating and exceeding consumer expectations in providing quality
 innovation
 value and convenience. The Company is committed to growing sustainably while continuing to implement environmentally sound business practices and manufacturing processes.  Hain Celestial sells its products through specialty and natural food distributors
 supermarkets
 natural food stores
 mass-market and e-commerce retailers
 food service channels and club
The Company manufactures
 markets
 distributes and sells organic and natural products under brand names that are sold as &#8220;better-for-you&#8221; products
 with many recognized brands in the various market categories it serves
 including Almond Dream
 Arrowhead Mills
 Bearitos
 Better Bean
 BluePrint
 Casbah
 Celestial Seasonings
 Clarks
 Coconut Dream
 Cully &amp; Sully
 Danival
 DeBoles
 Earth&#8217;s Best
 Ella&#8217;s Kitchen
 Europe&#8217;s Best
 Farmhouse Fare
 Frank Cooper&#8217;s
 Gale&#8217;s
 Garden of Eatin&#8217;
 GG UniqueFiber
 Hain Pure Foods
 Hartley&#8217;s
 Health Valley
 Imagine
 Johnson&#8217;s Juice Co.
 Joya
 Lima
&#32;(under license)
 MaraNatha
 Mary Berry (under license)
 Natumi
 New Covent Garden Soup Co.
 Orchard House
 Rice Dream
 Robertson&#8217;s
 Rudi&#8217;s Gluten-Free Bakery
 Rudi&#8217;s Organic Bakery
 Sensible Portions
&#32;Organics
 Soy Dream
 Sun-Pat
 Sunripe
 SunSpire
 Terra
 The Greek Gods
 Walnut Acres
 Yorkshire Provender
 Yves Veggie Cuisine
 Avalon Organics
 Earth&#8217;s Best
 JASON
Historically
 the Company divided its business into core platforms
 which are defined by common consumer need
 route-to-market or internal advantage and are aligned with the Company&#8217;s strategic roadmap to continue its leadership position in the organic and natural
 &#8220;better-for-you&#8221; products industry.&#160;Those core platforms within our United States segment are:
 which includes infant foods
 infant and toddler formula
 toddler and kids foods and diapers that nurture and care for babies and toddlers
 under the Earth&#8217;s Best
 which includes core consumer staples
 such as MaraNatha
 Arrowhead Mills
 Imagine
 which includes wholesome products for in-between meals
 such as Terra
 Sensible Portions
 which includes yogurt
 plant-based proteins and other refrigerated products
 such as The Greek Gods
 which includes personal care products focused on providing consumers with cleaner and gentler ingredients
 such as JASON
 Live Clean
 Avalon Organics
Additionally
 beginning in fiscal 2017
 the Company launched Hain Ventures (formerly known as &#8220;Cultivate Ventures&#8221;)
 a venture unit with a twofold purpose: (i) to strategically invest in the Company&#8217;s smaller brands in high potential categories
 by giving these brands a dedicated
During fiscal 2019
 the Company refined its strategy within the United States segment
 focusing on simplifying the Company&#8217;s portfolio and reinvigorating profitable sales growth through discontinuing uneconomic investment
 realigning resources to coincide with individual brand role
 reducing unproductive stock-keeping units (&#8220;SKUs&#8221;) and brands
 and reassessing current pricing architecture.  As part of this initiative
The Company&#8217;s &#8220;Get Bigger&#8221; brands represent its strongest brands with higher margins
 which compete in categories with strong growth. In order to capitalize on the potential of these brands
 the Company began reallocating resources to optimize assortment and increase share of distribution. In addition
The Company&#8217;s &#8220;Get Better&#8221; brands are the brands in which the Company is primarily focused on simplification and expansion of profit.  Some of these are low margin
 non-strategic brands that add complexity with minimal benefit to the Company&#8217;s operations.  Accordingly
 in fiscal 2019
 the Company initiated a SKU rationalization
 which included the elimination of approximately 350 low velocity SKUs. The elimination of these SKUs is expected to impact sales growth in the next fiscal year
As part of the Company&#8217;s overall strategy
 the Company may seek to dispose of businesses and brands that are less profitable or are otherwise less of a strategic fit within our core portfolio.  Accordingly
&#32;tofu
 seitan and tempeh businesses in the United States.  Additionally
 on August 27
 2019
 the Company sold the entities comprising its Tilda operating segment and certain other assets of the Tilda business.  See Note 21
As part of the Company&#8217;s historical strategic review
 it focused on a productivity initiative
 which it called &#8220;Project Terra.&#8221;  A key component of this project was the identification of global cost savings
 and the removal  of complexity from the business.  This review has included and continues to include streamlining the Company&#8217;s manufacturing plants
 co-packers and supply chain
 eliminating served categories or brands within those categories
In fiscal 2019
 the Company announced a new transformation initiative
In March 2018
 the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors approved a plan to sell all of the operations of the Hain Pure Protein Corporation (&#8220;HPPC&#8221;) and EK Holdings
 Inc. (&#8220;Empire Kosher&#8221; or &#8220;Empire&#8221;) operating segments
 which were reported in the aggregate as the Hain Pure Protein reportable segment. These dispositions were undertaken to reduce complexity in the Company&#8217;s operations and simplify the Company&#8217;s brand portfolio
Collectively
On February&#160;15
 2019
On June 28
 2019
 the Company completed the sale of the remainder of HPPC and EK Holdings
See Note 5
Discontinued Operations
On June 24
 2018
 the Company entered into a Chief Executive Officer (&#8220;CEO&#8221;) succession plan
 whereby the Company&#8217;s former CEO
 Irwin D. Simon
 agreed to terminate his employment with the Company upon the hiring of a new CEO. On October 26
 2018
 the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors appointed Mark L. Schiller as President and CEO
 succeeding Mr. Simon. In connection with the appointment
 on October 26
 2018
 the Company and Mr. Schiller entered into an employment agreement
 which was approved by the Board
 with Mr. Schiller&#8217;s employment commencing on November 5
 2018. Accordingly
 Mr. Simon&#8217;s employment with the Company terminated on November 4
 2018.  See Note 3
 
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
The following table compares our results of operations
 including as a percentage of net sales
 on a consolidated basis
June&#160;30
&#32;(amounts in thousands
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
2
302
2
457
(155
1
857
1
942
(85
445
515
(70
Selling
340
341
15
18
(2
40
18
22
Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
30
29
(4
(4
Accounting review and remediation costs
4
9
(4
7
(7
33
14
19
(14
106
(120
Interest and other financing expense
36
26
9
Other expense/(income)
1
(2
3
(51
81
(133
(2
(1
(49
82
(132
Net loss from discontinued operations
(133
(72
(60
(183
9
(193
191
255
(64
521
 
 or 
&#32;as compared to the prior year.  On a constant currency basis
 net sales&#160;
 
 or 
 from gross profit of 
&#160;in connection with the discontinuance of slow moving SKUs primarily in the United States as part of a product rationalization initiative
Selling
Selling
 general and administrative expenses were 
 
 or 
. Selling
 general and administrative expenses decreased primarily due to lower marketing investment costs in the United States
 the reversal of previously accrued amounts under the net sales portion of the 2016-2018 and 2017-2019 LTIPs and the reversal of previously recognized stock-based compensation expense associated with the relative TSR portion of the 2017-2019 LTIP due to specified performance metrics not being attained. See Note 14
 
 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K for further discussion on the aforementioned reversals under the Company&#8217;s LTIPs. This decrease was offset in part by&#160;increased consulting costs in the United States
 as well as increased variable compensation costs.&#160;Selling
&#32;in the prior year
&#32;basis points
 primarily attributable to the aforementioned items.
 
 or 
June&#160;30
 2018
Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan Expense
On June 24
 2018
 the Company entered into a Chief Executive Officer succession plan
 whereby the Company&#8217;s former CEO
 Irwin D. Simon
&#32;in fiscal 2018. See Note 3
&#160;
In July of 2019
Accounting Review and Remediation Costs
Costs and expenses associated with the internal accounting review
 remediation and other related matters were 
&#32;were insurance proceeds of $0.2 million and $5.7 million
 respectively
 related to the reimbursement of costs incurred as part of the internal accounting review and the independent review by the Audit Committee and other related matters. 
. See Note 9
 
 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K.   
&#32;related to the United States segment
&#32;related to the United Kingdom segment) related to certain tradenames of the Company. See Note 9
 
 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K.  Additionally
&#32;of non-cash impairment charges primarily related to the Company&#8217;s decision to consolidate manufacturing of certain fruit-based products in the United Kingdom.  Moreover
&#32;non-cash impairment charge to write down the value of certain machinery and equipment no longer in use in the United States and United Kingdom
During fiscal 2018
 the Company determined that it was more likely than not that certain fixed assets at three of its manufacturing facilities would be sold or otherwise disposed of before the end of their estimated useful lives due to the Company&#8217;s decision to utilize third-party manufacturers for two facilities in the United States and to the closure of one facility to consolidate manufacturing of certain soup products in the United Kingdom. As such
 the Company recorded a&#160;$6.3 million non-cash impairment charge primarily related to the closures of these facilities. Additionally
 the Company discontinued additional slow moving SKUs in the United States as part of a product rationalization initiative. As a result
 expected future cash flows are not expected to support the carrying value of certain machinery&#160;and equipment used to manufacture these products. As such
 the Company recorded a&#160;$2.1 million non-cash impairment charge to write down the value of these assets to fair value.  Also
 during fiscal 2018
Interest and Other Financing Expense
Interest and other financing expense
 net totaled 
 an 
 or 
&#32;in interest and other financing expense
 net resulted primarily from higher interest expense related to our revolving credit facility as a result of higher variable interest rates.&#160;See Note 11
 
Other Expense/(Income)
Other expense/(income)
 net totaled 
&#32;of income in the prior year.  Included in other expense/(income)
 net for the fiscal year ended June 30
 2019 were net unrealized foreign currency losses
The provision for income taxes includes federal
 foreign
 state and local income taxes. Our income tax benefit from continuing operations was&#160;
On December 22
 2017
 the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation pursuant to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the &#8220;Tax Act&#8221;)
 which significantly revised the ongoing U.S. corporate income tax law by lowering the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%
 implementing a territorial tax system
 imposing a one-time tax on foreign unremitted earnings and setting limitations on deductibility of certain costs (e.g.
 interest expense and executive compensation)
Due to the complexities involved in accounting for the Tax Act
 the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission&#8217;s Staff Accounting Bulletin (&#8220;SAB&#8221;) 118 required that the Company include in its financial statements a reasonable estimate of the impact of the Tax Act on earnings to the extent such reasonable estimate has been determined. Pursuant to SAB 118
measurement period of up to one year after the enactment date of the Tax Act to finalize the recording of the related tax impacts. During fiscal year ended June 30
 2019
 the Company finalized its accounting for the income tax effects of the Tax Act and recorded an additional expense of $6.8 million related to its transition tax liability. The net increase in the transition tax was due to the finalization of the Company&#8217;s earnings and profits study for the Company&#8217;s foreign subsidiaries. The adjustment of the Company&#8217;s provisional tax expense was recorded as a change in estimate in accordance with SAB No. 118. Despite the completion of the Company&#8217;s accounting for Tax Act under SAB 118
 many aspects of the law remain unclear
The Tax Act also includes a provision to tax GILTI of foreign subsidiaries. The FASB Staff Q&amp;A Topic No. 5
 Accounting for Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income
&#160;of pre-tax income for the&#160;twelve months ended&#160;June 30
 2019&#160;and&#160;2018
 respectively. The effective income tax rate from continuing operations for the twelve months ended June 30
 2019 was primarily impacted by the geographical mix of earnings
 state taxes
 provisions in the Tax Act including global intangible low-taxed income (&#8220;GILTI&#8221;)
 finalization of the transition tax liability
The effective income tax rate from continuing operations for the twelve months ended June 30
 2018 was primarily impacted by the enactment of the Tax Act on December 22
 2017. The Tax Act significantly revised the U.S. corporate income tax regime by lowering the U.S. federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% effective January 1
 2018
 repealing the deduction for domestic production activities
 imposing additional limitations on the deductibility of executive officers&#8217; compensation
Our effective tax rate may change from period-to-period based on recurring and non-recurring factors including the geographical mix of earnings
 enacted tax legislation
See Note 12
Income Taxes
.  See Note 15
 
 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K.
 respectively
&#160;per diluted share
 respectively.  The increase in net loss from discontinued operations was primarily attributable to asset impairment charges of 
 respectively
&#32;and discussed in Note 5
 
 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 respectively
June&#160;30
1
009
885
407
2
302
1
084
938
434
2
457
(75
(52
(27
(155
23
52
32
(123
(14
86
56
38
(74
106
(62
(3
(5
(48
(120
926
 
 or 
&#160;in net sales was primarily driven by declines in our Pantry
 Better-For-You-Baby
 Fresh Living and Personal Care platforms. In addition
 the declines were also driven by the strategic decision to no longer support certain lower margin SKUs in order to reduce complexity and increase gross margins. Operating income in the United States in fiscal 
 
 or 
&#32;in operating income was the result of the aforementioned decrease in net sales
 higher trade investments to drive future period growth
 increased freight and logistics costs
 start-up costs incurred in connection with a new manufacturing facility
 inventory write-downs of 
 offset in part by Project Terra cost savings.
 
 or 
.  On a constant currency basis
&#32;brands and private label sales
 offset in part by growth in the Company&#8217;s Tilda and Ella&#8217;s Kitchen businesses and growth in our Hartley&#8217;s
 
 or 
 from&#160;
 partially offset by operating efficiencies achieved at Hain Daniels driven by Project Terra.
 
 or 
.  On a constant currency basis
&#32;brands and private label sales
 partially offset by growth in our Yves Veggie Cuisine
&#32;brands. Hain Ventures (formerly known as Cultivate Ventures) net sales decreased from the prior year
 primarily driven by declines from the Blueprint
&#32;brands
&#32;brands and private label sales
 partially offset by declines from the Danival
 Lima
 
 or 
&#160;in operating income was primarily due to the aforementioned&#160;decrease in sales
 charges related to SKU rationalizations across all operating segments in Rest of World
Our Corporate and Other category consists of expenses related to the Company&#8217;s centralized administrative functions
 which do not specifically relate to an operating segment. Corporate and Other expenses are comprised mainly of the compensation and related expenses of certain of the Company&#8217;s senior executive officers and other employees who perform duties related to our entire enterprise
 as well as expenses for certain professional fees
 facilities
 and other items which benefit the Company as a whole. Additionally
 Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
 net
 Project Terra costs and other and accounting review and remediation costs
 net are included in Corporate and Other and were 
 
 respectively
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
&#32;and $9.3 million (net of $5.7 million of insurance proceeds)
June&#160;30
Refer to Note 19
 
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
The following table compares our results of operations
 including as a percentage of net sales
 on a consolidated basis
June&#160;30
&#32;(amounts in thousands
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
2
457
2
343
114
1
942
1
824
118
515
519
(3
Selling
341
312
29
18
16
1
18
10
7
Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
Accounting review and remediation costs
9
29
(20
7
7
14
40
(26
106
109
(3
Interest and other financing expense
26
21
5
Other (income)/expense
(2
(2
81
87
(6
22
(23
82
65
16
Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
(72
1
(74
9
67
(57
255
264
(9
Net sales in fiscal&#160;2018&#160;were&#160;$2.46 billion
&#160;an increase&#160;of&#160;$114.3 million
 or&#160;4.9%
 from net sales of&#160;$2.34 billion&#160;in fiscal&#160;2017. Foreign currency exchange rates positively impacted net sales by&#160;$80.0 million&#160;as compared to the prior year. On a constant currency basis
 net sales&#160;increased&#160;approximately&#160;1.5%&#160;from the prior year period. The&#160;increase&#160;in net sales was due to sales growth in the United Kingdom
 Europe and Canada businesses
Gross profit in fiscal&#160;2018&#160;was&#160;$515.4 million
&#160;a decrease&#160;of&#160;$3.9 million
 or&#160;0.8%
 from gross profit of&#160;$519.4 million&#160;in fiscal 2017. Foreign currency exchange rates positively impacted gross margin by&#160;$15.9 million&#160;as compared to the prior year. Gross profit margin was&#160;21.0%
&#160;a decrease&#160;of&#160;120&#160;basis points from the prior year. Gross profit was unfavorably impacted by decreased gross profit in the United States due to increased commodity and freight and logistics costs
Selling
Selling
 general and administrative expenses were&#160;$341.6 million
&#160;an increase&#160;of&#160;$29.1 million
 or&#160;9.3%
 in fiscal&#160;2018&#160;from&#160;$312.6 million&#160;in fiscal&#160;2017. Selling
 general and administrative expenses&#160;increased principally due to higher marketing investment primarily in the United States and personnel costs. Selling
 general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales was&#160;13.9%&#160;in fiscal&#160;2018&#160;and&#160;13.3%&#160;in the prior year
&#160;an increase&#160;of&#160;60&#160;basis points
Amortization of acquired intangibles was&#160;$18.2 million&#160;in fiscal&#160;2018
&#160;an increase&#160;of&#160;$1.2 million
 or&#160;7.1%
 from&#160;$17.0 million&#160;in fiscal&#160;2017. The&#160;increase&#160;in amortization expense was primarily due to the intangibles acquired as a result of the Company&#8217;s recent acquisitions and the impact of foreign exchange rates. See Note 9
&#160;
&#160;in fiscal&#160;2018
Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan Expense
&#32;in fiscal 2018.  There were no such costs incurred in fiscal 2017.  See Note 3
&#160;
Accounting Review and Remediation Costs
Costs and expenses associated with the internal accounting review
 remediation and other related matters were&#160;$15.0 million&#160;in fiscal&#160;2018
 compared to&#160;$29.6 million&#160;in fiscal&#160;2017. Also
During the fourth quarter of fiscal&#160;2018
 we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of&#160;$7.7 million&#160;related to our Hain Ventures reporting unit within the Rest of World segment. There were no goodwill impairment charges recorded during fiscal&#160;2017. See Note 9
&#160;
During fiscal&#160;2018
 the Company determined that it was more likely than not that certain fixed assets at three of its manufacturing facilities would be sold or otherwise disposed of before the end of their estimated useful lives due to the Company&#8217;s decision to utilize third-party manufacturers for two facilities in the United States and to the closure of one facility to consolidate manufacturing of certain soup products in the United Kingdom. As such
 the Company recorded a&#160;$6.3 million&#160;non-cash impairment charge primarily related to the closures of these facilities. Additionally
 the Company discontinued additional slow moving SKUs in the United States as part of a product rationalization initiative. As a result
 expected future cash flows are not expected to support the carrying value of certain machinery&#160;and equipment used to manufacture these products. As such
 the Company recorded a&#160;$2.1 million&#160;non-cash impairment charge to write down the value of these assets to fair value. Also
 during fiscal 2018
During fiscal&#160;2017
 the Company recorded a pre-tax impairment charge of&#160;$14.1 million&#160;($7.6 million&#160;related to the United Kingdom segment and&#160;$6.5 million&#160;related to the United States segment) related to certain trade names of the Company. Additionally
 during fiscal&#160;2017
 the Company recorded long-lived asset impairment charges of&#160;$26.4 million&#160;primarily related to the decision to exit of certain portions of our own-label chilled desserts business in the United Kingdom. See Note 9
&#160;
 and Note 8
Property
Operating income in fiscal&#160;2018&#160;was&#160;$106.0 million
&#160;a decrease&#160;of&#160;$3.4 million
 or&#160;3.1%
Interest and Other Financing Expense
Interest and other financing expense
 net totaled&#160;$26.9 million&#160;in fiscal&#160;2018
 an&#160;increase&#160;of&#160;$5.8 million
 or&#160;27.5%
 from&#160;$21.1 million&#160;in the prior year. The&#160;increase&#160;in interest and other financing expense
 net resulted primarily from higher interest expense related to our revolving credit facility as a result of higher variable interest rates on outstanding debt. See Note 11
&#160;
Other (Income)/Expense
Other (income)/expense
 net totaled&#160;$2.1 million&#160;of income in fiscal&#160;2018
&#160;an increase&#160;of&#160;$2.5 million&#160;from&#160;$0.4 million&#160;of expense in the prior year. Included in other (income)/expense
 net were net unrealized and realized foreign currency gains
Income before income taxes and equity in the net income of our equity-method investees for fiscal&#160;2018&#160;and&#160;2017&#160;was&#160;$81.2 million&#160;and&#160;$87.9 million
The provision for income taxes includes federal
 foreign
Our effective income tax rate from continuing operations was&#160;(1.1)%&#160;and&#160;25.6%&#160;of pre-tax income for the&#160;twelve months ended&#160;June 30
 2018&#160;and&#160;2017
 respectively. The effective income tax rate from continuing operations for the twelve months ended June 30
 2018 was primarily impacted by the enactment of the Tax Act on December 22
 2017. The Tax Act significantly revised the U.S. corporate income tax regime by lowering the U.S. federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21% effective January 1
 2018
 repealing the deduction for domestic production activities
 imposing additional limitations on the deductibility of executive officers&#8217; compensation
 implementing a territorial tax system and imposing a one-time transition tax on deemed repatriated earnings of foreign subsidiaries. As the Company has a June 30 fiscal year-end
 the lower corporate income tax rate will be phased in
Due to the complexities involved in accounting for the Tax Act
 the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission&#8217;s SAB 118 requires that the Company include in its financial statements a reasonable estimate of the impact of the Tax Act on earnings to the extent such reasonable estimate has been determined. Accordingly
 the Company recorded the following reasonable estimates of the tax impact in its earnings for the fiscal year ended June 30
For the fiscal year ended June 30
 2018
 the Company accrued a $25.0 million provisional tax benefit related to the net change in deferred tax liabilities stemming from the Tax Act&#8217;s reduction of the U.S. federal tax rate from 35% to 21%
For the fiscal year ended June 30
 2018
 the Company accrued a reasonable estimate of $7.1 million of tax expense for the Tax Act&#8217;s one-time transition tax on the foreign subsidiaries&#8217; accumulated
The Company has recorded the final impact on the Company from the Tax Act&#8217;s transition tax legislation in fiscal 2019. See Note 12
Income Taxes
Pursuant to SAB 118
The Tax Act also includes a provision to tax GILTI of foreign subsidiaries. The Company will be subject to the GILTI provisions effective beginning July 1
 2018 and is in the process of analyzing its effects
The effective income tax rate from continuing operations for the&#160;twelve months ended&#160;June 30
The effective income tax rate from continuing operations for the twelve months ended June 30
 2017 was favorably impacted by the geographical mix of earnings and a reduction in the statutory tax rate in the United Kingdom enacted in the first quarter of 2017
 which resulted in a $1.8 million decrease to the carrying balance of net deferred tax liabilities. The effective income tax rate from continuing operations for the twelve months ended June 30
Our effective tax rate may change from period-to-period based on recurring and non-recurring factors including the geographical mix of earnings
 enacted tax legislation
See Note 12
 
Our equity in the net income from our equity method investments for fiscal&#160;2018&#160;was&#160;$0.3 million&#160;compared to a&#160;$0.1 million&#160;for fiscal&#160;2017.  See Note 15

Net income from continuing operations for fiscal &#160;2018&#160;and&#160;2017&#160;was&#160;$82.4 million&#160;and&#160;$65.5 million
 respectively
 or&#160;$0.79&#160;and&#160;$0.63&#160;per diluted share
Net (loss) income from discontinued operations for&#160;fiscal&#160;2018&#160;and&#160;2017&#160;was net loss of&#160;$72.7 million&#160;and&#160;net income of&#160;$1.9 million
 respectively
 or&#160;$(0.70)&#160;and&#160;$0.02&#160;per diluted share
 respectively. The net loss for fiscal 2018 was primarily attributable to impairments of assets held for sale of&#160;$78.5 million&#160;in fiscal 2018 as discussed in Note 5
&#160;Discontinued Operations
 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2018
 results for HPPC (which comprises the Plainville and FreeBird brands) were below our projections.&#160; The fourth quarter results
 as well as negative market conditions in the sector
 required the Company to reduce the internal projections for the business
 which resulted in the Company lowering the projected long-term growth rate and profitability levels for HPPC. Accordingly
 the updated projections indicated that the fair value of the HPPC business is below carrying value. As a result
 the Company recorded asset impairments of&#160;$78.5 million
 reflected in Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
 net of tax in order to reduce the carrying amount of the net assets to their fair value less costs to sell. This impairment was partially offset by an increase in income tax benefit from discontinued operations from&#160;$0.6 million&#160;in fiscal 2017 to&#160;$5.7 million
Net income for fiscal&#160;2018&#160;and&#160;2017&#160;was&#160;$9.7 million&#160;and&#160;$67.4 million
 or&#160;$0.09&#160;and&#160;$0.65&#160;per diluted share
Our consolidated Adjusted EBITDA was&#160;$255.9 million&#160;and&#160;$265.0 million&#160;for fiscal&#160;2018&#160;and&#160;2017
 respectively
The following table provides a summary of net sales and operating income by reportable segment for the fiscal years ended June&#160;30
1
084
938
434
2
457
1
107
851
383
2
343
(22
86
50
114
86
56
38
(74
106
145
51
32
(119
109
(58
4
6
44
(3
Our net sales in the United States in fiscal&#160;2018&#160;were&#160;$1.08 billion
&#160;a decrease&#160;of&#160;$22.9 million
 or&#160;2.1%
 from net sales of&#160;$1.11 billion&#160;in fiscal&#160;2017. The&#160;decrease&#160;in net sales was driven by declines in our Better-for-You Snacking
 Fresh Living and Better-for-You-Pantry platforms
 partially offset by growth in our Pure Personal Care
 Better-for-You Baby and Tea platforms. In addition
 the declines were also driven by the strategic decision to no longer support certain lower margin SKUs in order to reduce complexity and increase gross margins as the Company continues its focus on its top 500 SKUs and 11 brands in the United States as well as increased trade investment. Net sales in the prior year period were negatively impacted by a realignment of customer inventories at certain distributor customers. Operating income in the United States in fiscal&#160;2018&#160;was&#160;$86.3 million
&#160;a decrease&#160;of&#160;$59.0 million
 or&#160;40.6%
 from operating income of&#160;$145.3 million&#160;in fiscal&#160;2017. The&#160;decrease&#160;in operating income was the result of lower sales
 higher trade and marketing investments to drive current and future period growth
 increased freight and logistics
 commodity and other input costs and costs associated with the closure of two of our manufacturing facilities in the United States. These increased costs were partially offset by Project Terra cost savings in the current period. Additionally
Our net sales in the United Kingdom in fiscal&#160;2018&#160;were&#160;$938.0 million
&#160;an increase&#160;of&#160;$86.3 million
 or&#160;10.1%
 from net sales of&#160;$851.8 million&#160;in fiscal&#160;2017. Foreign currency exchange rates positively impacted net sales by&#160;$54.4 million&#160;as compared to the prior year. The net sales&#160;increase&#160;on a constant currency basis was primarily due to growth from our Tilda
 Ella&#8217;s Kitchen
 Hartley&#8217;s
&#160;brands
&#160;sales. Also contributing to the increase in net sales was the impact of price realization
 as well as the acquisitions of The Yorkshire Provender Limited and Clarks. Operating income in the United Kingdom segment for fiscal&#160;2018&#160;was&#160;$56.0 million
&#160;an increase&#160;of&#160;$4.1 million
 or&#160;7.9%
increase in sales
 operating efficiencies achieved at Hain Daniels
 Project Terra cost savings and the impact of favorable foreign currency. These increases were partially offset by higher commodity costs
Our net sales in Rest of World were&#160;$434.9 million&#160;in fiscal&#160;2018
&#160;an increase&#160;of&#160;$50.9 million
 or&#160;13.3%
 from net sales of&#160;$383.9 million&#160;in fiscal&#160;2017. Foreign currency exchange rates positively impacted net sales by&#160;$25.5 million&#160;as compared to the prior year. The&#160;increase&#160;in net sales on a constant currency basis was primarily due to increased sales volume in Europe related to both branded and private label non-dairy products
 as well as increased sales in Canada driven by growth in our Tilda
 Yves Veggie Cuisine
&#160;brands
&#160;lost distribution.&#160;Operating income in Rest of World for fiscal&#160;2018&#160;was&#160;$38.7 million
&#160;an increase&#160;of&#160;$6.7 million
 or&#160;20.8%
 from&#160;$32.0 million&#160;in fiscal&#160;2017. The&#160;increase&#160;in operating income was primarily due to the aforementioned&#160;increase&#160;in sales as well as operating efficiencies achieved at our plant-based manufacturing facilities in Europe
Our Corporate and Other category consists of expenses related to the Company&#8217;s centralized administrative functions
 which do not specifically relate to an operating segment. Corporate and Other expenses are comprised mainly of the compensation and related expenses of certain of the Company&#8217;s senior executive officers and other employees who perform duties related to our entire enterprise
 as well as expenses for certain professional fees
 facilities
 and other items which benefit the Company as a whole. Additionally
&#160;and&#160;$10.4 million&#160;for the fiscal years ended June 30
 2018 and 2017
 respectively. The Corporate and Other category also included accounting review costs of&#160;$9.3 million&#160;(net of $5.7 million of insurance proceeds) and $29.6 million&#160;for the fiscal years ended&#160;June&#160;30
 2018&#160;and&#160;2017
 respectively
 and impairment charges of&#160;$13.3 million&#160;and $40.5 million&#160;for the fiscal years ended&#160;June&#160;30
 2018&#160;and&#160;2017
Refer to Note 19
 
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
 2019
 a 
Liquidity is affected by many factors
 some of which are based on normal ongoing operations of the Company&#8217;s business and some of which arise from fluctuations related to global economics and markets. Our cash balances are held in the United States
 United Kingdom
 Canada
June&#160;30
 2019
) of the Company&#8217;s total cash balance was held outside of the United States.  It is our current intent to indefinitely reinvest our foreign earnings outside the United States. However
 we intend to further study changes enacted by the Tax Act
June&#160;30
 2019
 all of our investments were expected to mature in less than three months. Accordingly
 we do not believe that our investments have significant exposure to interest rate risk. Cash provided by (used in) operating
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
49
121
232
(69
(82
(60
(44
(69
(147
(64
(30
25
(6
(3
(2
(2
(3
(73
(33
19
June&#160;30
 2019
&#32;in net income adjusted for non-cash charges
&#160;of cash provided by within working capital accounts
 primarily related to inventory and accounts receivable.  Cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations was $121.3 million for the fiscal year ended June 30
 2018
 compared to $232.7 million provided in fiscal 2017. The decrease in cash provided by operating activities in fiscal 2018 resulted primarily from an additional $97.5 million of cash used within working capital accounts
June&#160;30
. We used cash in investing activities of $82.5 million during fiscal year ended June 30
 2018
 which was principally made up of  
 net of cash acquired
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
 2017
June&#160;30
&#32;funded primarily through proceeds received from the sale of HPPC and EK Holdings
 Inc.  Additionally
June&#160;30
&#32;funded primarily through cash flows from operations.  Additionally
June&#160;30
&#160;funded primarily through cash flows from operations. Additionally
June&#160;30
 2019
June&#160;30
 2018
.  We expect that our capital spending for fiscal 2020 will be approximately $70-$80 million
On February 6
 2018
&#32;revolving credit facility through February 6
&#160;term loan. Under the Credit Agreement
 the revolving credit facility may be increased by an additional uncommitted&#160;
 provided certain conditions are met. Loans under the Credit Agreement bear interest at a Base Rate or a Eurocurrency Rate (both of which are defined in the Credit Agreement) plus an applicable margin
 which is determined in accordance with a leverage-based pricing grid
 as set forth in the Credit Agreement. Borrowings may be used to provide working capital
 finance capital expenditures and permitted acquisitions
On May 8
 2019
 the Company entered into the Third Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the &#8220;Amended Credit Agreement&#8221;)
 whereby
 among other things
 its allowable consolidated leverage ratio increased to no more than&#160;5.0&#160;to 1.0 from March 31
 2019 to December 31
 2019
 no more than&#160;4.75&#160;to 1.0 at March 31
 2020
 no more than&#160;4.25&#160;to 1.0 at June 30
 2020 and no more than&#160;4.0&#160;to 1.0 on September 30
 2020 and thereafter. The allowable consolidated leverage ratio for each period was decreased by 0.25 upon sale of the Company&#8217;s remaining Hain Pure Protein business during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019. Additionally
 the Company&#8217;s required consolidated interest coverage ratio (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement) was reduced to no less than 3.0 to 1 through March 31
 2020
 no less than 3.75 to 1 through March 31
 2021 and no less than 4.0 to 1 thereafter. The Amended Credit Agreement also required that the Company and the subsidiary guarantors enter into a Security and Pledge Agreement pursuant to which all of the obligations under Amended Credit Agreement are secured by liens on assets of the Company and its material domestic subsidiaries
 including stock of each of their direct subsidiaries and intellectual property
 subject to agreed upon exceptions. Additionally
 the Company is now required to maintain a consolidated interest coverage ratio (as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement) of no less than 3.0 to 1 through March 31
 2020
 no less than 3.75 to 1 through March 31
The Amended Credit Agreement provides that loans will bear interest at rates based on (a) the Eurocurrency Rate
 as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement
 plus a rate ranging from&#160;0.875%&#160;to&#160;2.50%&#160;per annum; or (b) the Base Rate
 as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement
 plus a rate ranging from&#160;0.00%&#160;to&#160;1.50%&#160;per annum
 the relevant rate being the Applicable Rate. The Applicable Rate will be determined in accordance with a leverage-based pricing grid
 as set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement. &#160;Swing line loans and Global Swing Line loans denominated in U.S. Dollars will bear interest at the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate
June&#160;30
. Additionally
 the Amended Credit Agreement contains a Commitment Fee
 as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement
 on the amount unused under the Amended Credit Agreement ranging from&#160;0.20%&#160;to&#160;0.45%&#160;per annum
 and such Commitment Fee is determined in accordance with a leverage-based pricing grid. As part of the Amended Credit Agreement
On June 28
 2019
 the Company completed the sale of the Company&#8217;s remaining Hain Pure Protein business and utilized proceeds from the sale
 net of transaction related costs
 to prepay a portion of the term loan.  See Note 5
Discontinued Operations
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
 2018
&#32;of borrowings outstanding
 respectively
.&#160; Outstanding borrowings were collateralized by the current assets of Tilda
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
 2018
&#32;of borrowings outstanding under these arrangements
 respectively.  On August 27
 2019
 we sold our Tilda business as discussed in Note 21
On June 21
 2017
 the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to $250 million of the Company&#8217;s issued and outstanding common stock. Repurchases may be made from time to time in the open market
 pursuant to pre-set trading plans
in private transactions or otherwise. The authorization does not have a stated expiration date. The extent to which the Company repurchases its shares and the timing of such repurchases will depend upon market conditions and other corporate considerations. The Company did not repurchase any shares under this program in fiscal 2019
 2018 or 2017
 and accordingly
 as of the end of fiscal 2019
For each of these non-U.S. GAAP financial measures
 we are providing below a reconciliation of the differences between the non-U.S. GAAP measure and the most directly comparable U.S. GAAP measure
 an explanation of why our management and Board of Directors believes the non-U.S. GAAP measure provides useful information to investors and any additional purposes for which our management and Board of Directors uses the non-U.S. GAAP measure.  These non-U.S. GAAP measures should be viewed in addition to
 and not in lieu of
We believe that this measure provides useful information to investors because it provides transparency to underlying performance in our consolidated net sales by excluding the effect that foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations have on year-to-year comparability given the volatility in foreign currency exchange markets. To present this information for historical periods
 current period net sales for entities reporting in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar are translated into U.S. Dollars at the average monthly exchange rates in effect during the corresponding period of the prior fiscal year
 rather than at the actual average monthly exchange rate in effect during the current period of the current fiscal year. As a result
885
407
2
302
36
16
52
921
424
2
355
938
434
2
457
938
434
2
457
(54
(25
(79
883
409
2
377
851
383
2
343
Adjusted EBITDA is defined as net (loss) income before income taxes
 net interest expense
 depreciation and amortization
 impairment of long-lived and intangible assets
 equity in the earnings of equity-method investees
 stock-based compensation
 Project Terra costs and other
 and other non-recurring items. The Company&#8217;s management believes that this presentation provides useful information to management
 analysts and investors regarding certain additional financial and business trends relating to its results of operations and financial condition. In addition
We do not consider Adjusted EBITDA in isolation or as an alternative to financial measures determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The principal limitation of Adjusted EBITDA is that it excludes certain expenses and income that are required by U.S. GAAP to be recorded in our consolidated financial statements. In addition
 Adjusted EBITDA is subject to inherent limitations as this metric reflects the exercise of judgment by management about which expenses and income are excluded or included in determining Adjusted EBITDA. In order to compensate for these limitations
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
(183
9
67
(133
(72
1
(49
82
65
(2
22
Interest expense
32
24
18
56
60
59
Stock-based compensation
9
13
9
(2
7
33
14
40
(2
12
80
197
228
39
20
9
Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
29
(4
Accounting review and remediation costs
4
9
29
17
4
12
4
5
7
5
1
1
1
6
2
3
1
2
(14
191
255
264
In our internal evaluations
 we use the non-U.S. GAAP financial measure &#8220;operating free cash flow from continuing operations.&#8221; The difference between operating free cash flow from continuing operations and cash flow provided by or used in operating activities from continuing operations
 which is the most comparable U.S. GAAP financial measure
 is that operating free cash flow from continuing operations reflects the impact of capital expenditures. Since capital spending is essential to maintaining our operational capabilities
 we believe that it is a recurring and necessary use of cash. As such
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
49
121
232
Purchase of property
(77
(70
(47
(27
50
185
Obligations for all debt instruments
June&#160;30
742
54
88
599
118
19
30
24
44
275
259
16
1
136
333
135
623
44
As of June 30
 2019
&#32;for which we are not able to reasonably estimate the timing of future cash flows. As a result
June&#160;30
&#32;as well as projected cash flows from operations and availability under our Amended Credit Agreement are sufficient to fund our working capital needs in the ordinary course of business
June&#160;30
 2019
The discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements
 which are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States.  Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 2
 
 in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K.  The policies below have been identified as the critical accounting policies we use which require us to make estimates and assumptions and exercise judgment that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and amounts of income and expenses during the reporting periods presented.  We believe in the quality and reasonableness of our critical accounting estimates; however
might be reported under different conditions or using assumptions
 estimates or making judgments different from those that we have applied.  Our critical accounting policies
 including our methodology for estimates made and assumptions used
The Company sells its products through specialty and natural food distributors
 supermarkets
 natural foods stores
 mass-market and e-commerce retailers
 food service channels and club
he majority of our revenue contracts represent a single performance obligation related to the fulfillment of customer orders for the purchase of our products.  We recognize revenue as performance obligations are fulfilled when control passes to our customers.  Our customer contracts typically contain standard terms and conditions. In instances where formal written contracts are not in place we consider the customer purchase orders to be contracts based on the criteria outlined in ASC 606
.  Payment terms and conditions vary by customer and are based on the billing schedule established in our contracts or purchase orders with customers
 but we generally provide credit terms to customers ranging from 15-60 days; therefore
Sales to customers generally do not include more than one performance obligation. When a contract does contain more than one performance obligation
We have determined that we satisfy our performance obligations related to our customer contracts at a point in time
 as opposed to over time
 and
 accordingly
 revenue is recognized at a point in time. Therefore
Sales includes shipping and handling charges billed to the customer and are reported net of discounts
 trade promotions and sales incentives
 consumer coupon programs and other costs
 including estimated allowances for returns
 allowances and discounts associated with aged or potentially unsalable product
In addition to fixed contract consideration
 many of our contracts include some form of variable consideration.  We offer various trade promotions and sales incentive programs to customers and consumers
 such as price discounts
 slotting fees
 in-store display incentives
 cooperative advertising programs
 new product introduction fees and coupons. The expenses associated with these programs are accounted for as reductions to the transaction price of our products and are therefore deducted from our net sales to determine reported net sales.  Trade promotions and sales incentive accruals are subject to significant management estimates and assumptions. The critical assumptions used in estimating the accruals for trade promotions and sales incentives include management&#8217;s estimate of expected levels of performance and redemption rates. Management exercises judgment in developing these assumptions. These assumptions are based upon historical performance of the retailer or distributor customers with similar types of promotions adjusted for current trends. The Company regularly reviews and revises
 when deemed necessary
As our contracts are generally shorter than one year
 the Company has elected a practical expedient under ASU 2014-09 that allows the Company to expense as incurred the incremental costs of obtaining a contract if the contract period is for one year or less.  These costs are included in the selling
The Company does not disaggregate revenue below the segment revenues level disclosed in Note 17
 
 as all revenues are recognized at a point in time and the Company&#8217;s segment revenues depict how the economic factors affect the nature
 amount
We perform routine credit evaluations on existing and new customers. We apply reserves for delinquent or uncollectible trade receivables based on a specific identification methodology and also apply an additional reserve based on the experience we have with our trade receivables aging categories. Credit losses have been within our expectations in recent years. While Walmart Inc. and its affiliates
 Sam&#8217;s Club and ASDA
&#32;of accounts receivable
June&#160;30
 2019
Based on cash collection history and other statistical analysis
We may not have the same experience with our receivables during different economic conditions
 or with changes in business conditions
Our growth strategy has historically included the acquisition of numerous brands and businesses.  The purchase price of these acquisitions has been determined after due diligence of the acquired business
 market research
The accounting for the acquisitions we have made requires that the assets and liabilities acquired
 as well as any contingent consideration that may be part of the agreement
 be recorded at their respective fair values at the date of acquisition.  This requires management to make significant estimates in determining the fair values
 especially with respect to intangible assets
 including estimates of expected cash flows
 expected cost savings and the appropriate weighted average cost of capital.  As a result of these significant judgments to be made
 we occasionally obtain the assistance of independent valuation firms.  We complete these assessments as soon as practical after the closing dates.  Any excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the identifiable net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill.  Because the fair value and the estimated useful life of an intangible asset is a subjective estimate
 it is reasonably likely that circumstances may cause the estimate to change.  See Note 6
 A
Fixed assets and amortizable intangible assets are reviewed for impairment as events or changes in circumstances occur indicating that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. Undiscounted cash flow analyses are used to determine if impairment exists. If impairment is determined to exist
Goodwill and intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives are not amortized but rather are tested at least annually for impairment
Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit represents an operating segment or a component of an operating segment. Goodwill is tested for impairment by either performing a qualitative evaluation or a two-step quantitative test. The qualitative evaluation is an assessment of factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 including goodwill. We may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment for some or all reporting units and perform a two-step quantitative impairment test. The estimate of the fair values of our reporting units are based on the best information available as of the date of the assessment.  We generally use a blended analysis of the present value of discounted cash flows and the market valuation approach.  The discounted cash flow model uses the present values of estimated future cash flows.  Considerable management judgment is necessary to evaluate the impact of operating and external economic factors in estimating our future cash flows.  The assumptions we use in our evaluations include projections of growth rates and profitability
 our estimated working capital needs
 as well as our weighted average cost of capital.  The market valuation approach indicates the fair value of a reporting unit based on a comparison to comparable publicly traded firms in similar businesses.  Estimates used in the market value approach include the identification of similar companies with comparable business factors.  Changes in economic and operating conditions impacting the assumptions we made could result in additional goodwill impairment in future periods.  If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds fair value
amount of the impairment is the difference between the carrying value of the goodwill and the &#8220;implied&#8221; fair value
Indefinite-lived intangible assets consist primarily of acquired trade names and trademarks.  We first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that an indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired.  We measure the fair value of these assets using the relief from royalty method.  This method assumes that the trade names and trademarks have value to the extent their owner is relieved from paying royalties for the benefits received.  We estimate the future revenues for the associated brands
 the appropriate royalty rate and the weighted average cost of capital.
 in conjunction with its budgeting and forecasting process for fiscal year 2020
June&#160;30
 2019
. As of the 2019 measurement
 the estimated fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by at least 20%
 with the exception of the Tilda and Grocery and Snacks reporting units
 whose fair values exceeded their carrying values by 13% and 8%
 respectively.  Holding all other assumptions used in the 2019 fair value measurement constant
 a 100-basis-point increase in the weighted average cost of capital would not result in the carrying value of any reporting unit
 other than the Tilda reporting unit
 to be in excess of the fair value.  However
 the fair values of the Hain Daniels
 Grocery and Snacks and Hain Ventures reporting units would exceed their respective carrying values by less than 10%. The fair values were based on significant management assumptions including an estimate of future cash flow. If assumptions are not achieved or market conditions decline
For the fiscal year ended June 30
 2018
Indefinite-lived intangible assets are evaluated on an annual basis in conjunction with the Company&#8217;s evaluation of goodwill
 or on an interim basis if and when events or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of any of its indefinite-life intangible assets below their carrying value.  In assessing fair value
 the Company utilizes a &#8220;relief from royalty payments&#8221; methodology.  This approach involves two steps: (i) estimating the royalty rates for each trademark and (ii) applying these royalty rates to a projected net sales stream and discounting the resulting cash flows to determine fair value. If the carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets exceeds the fair value of the asset
 the carrying value is written down to fair value in the period identified. In the second quarter of fiscal 2019
 the Company determined that an indicator of impairment existed in certain of the Company&#8217;s indefinite-lived tradenames. The result of this interim assessment indicated that the fair value of certain of the Company&#8217;s tradenames was below their carrying value
&#32;in the United States segment
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
 2018
&#32;in the United Kingdom segment) was recorded. For the fiscal year ended June 30
 2017
See also Note 9
 
 in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K
The Company records share-based payment awards exchanged for employee and non-employee directors services at fair value on the date of grant and expenses the awards in the consolidated statements of operations over the requisite employee service period. Stock-based compensation expense related to awards with a market or performance condition
 which cliff vest
For awards that contain a market condition
 expense is recognized over the defined or derived service period using a Monte Carlo simulation model.  Compensation expense is recognized for these awards on a straight-line basis over the service period
 regardless of the eventual number of shares that are earned based upon the market condition
Deferred tax assets arise when we recognize expenses in our financial statements that will be allowed as income tax deductions in future periods.  Deferred tax assets also include unused tax net operating losses and tax credits that we are allowed to carry forward to future years.  Accounting rules permit us to carry deferred tax assets on the balance sheet at full value as long as it is &#8220;more likely than not&#8221; that the deductions
 losses or credits will be used in the future.  A valuation allowance must be recorded against a deferred tax asset if this test cannot be met.  Our determination of our valuation allowances is based upon a number of assumptions
 judgments and estimates
 including forecasted earnings
 future taxable income and the relative proportions of revenue and income before taxes in the various jurisdictions in which we operate.  Concluding that a valuation allowance is not required is difficult when there is significant negative evidence that is objective and verifiable
We have deferred tax assets related to foreign net operating losses
 primarily in the United Kingdom and to a lesser extent in Belgium
 against which we have recorded valuation allowances.  The losses in the United Kingdom were recorded prior to the acquisition of Daniels.  Under current tax law in these jurisdictions
 our carryforward losses have no expiration. During fiscal 2019
During fiscal 2019
See Note 2
 
Certain of our product lines have seasonal fluctuations. Hot tea
 baking products
 hot cereal
 hot-eating desserts and soup sales are stronger in colder months
 while sales of snack foods
 sunscreen and certain of our prepared food and personal care products are stronger in the warmer months.  As such
 our results of operations and our cash flows for any particular quarter are not indicative of the results we expect for the full year
 and our historical seasonality may not be indicative of future quarterly results of operations. In recent years
The principal market risks (i.e.
foreign exchange rates
We centrally manage our debt and cash equivalents
 considering investment opportunities and risks
June&#160;30
 2019
&#32;of variable rate debt outstanding under our Amended Credit Agreement.  Assuming current cash equivalents and variable rate borrowings
Operating in international markets involves exposure to movements in currency exchange rates
 which are volatile at times
 and the impact of such movements
 if material
 could cause adjustments to our financing and operating strategies.  
&#160;of our consolidated net sales were generated from sales outside the United States
.  These revenues
 along with related expenses and capital purchases
 were conducted in British Pounds Sterling
 Euros
 Indian Rupees and Canadian Dollars.  Sales and operating income would have decreased by approximately $61.3 million and $4.5 million
 respectively
.  These amounts were determined by considering the impact of a hypothetical foreign exchange rate on the sales and operating income of the Company&#8217;s international operations.  To reduce that risk
 the Company may enter into certain derivative financial instruments
 when available on a cost-effective basis
June&#160;30
.  See Note 16
 
June&#160;30
The Company purchases ingredient inputs such as almonds
 coconut oil
 corn
 dairy
 fruit and vegetables
 oils
 rice
 soybeans
 oats and wheat
 as well as packaging materials
 to be used in its operations.  These inputs are subject to price fluctuations that may create price risk.  We do not attempt to hedge against fluctuations in the prices of the ingredients by using future
 forward
 option or other derivative instruments.  As a result
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
 2019
The following consolidated financial statements of The Hain Celestial Group
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
 2019
June&#160;30
 2019
June&#160;30
 2019
June&#160;30
 2019
The following consolidated financial statement schedule of The Hain Celestial Group
The Hain Celestial Group
We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) as of June 30
 2019 and 2018
 the related consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive income (loss)
 stockholders&#8217; equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30
 2019
 and the related notes and the financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a) (collectively referred to as the &#8220;consolidated financial statements&#8221;). In our opinion
 the consolidated financial statements present fairly
 in all material respects
 the financial position of the Company at June 30
 2019 and 2018
 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30
 2019
We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
 the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of June 30
 2019
 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated August 29
We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement
 whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements
 whether due to error or fraud
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining
 on a test basis
 evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management
The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging
 subjective or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements
 taken as a whole
 and we are not
 by communicating the critical audit matters below
At June 30
 2019
 the Company&#8217;s goodwill and trademarks and trade names were $1.0 billion and $0.4 billion
 respectively. As discussed in Note 9 of the 2019 audited financial statements
 goodwill and trademarks and trade names are qualitatively or quantitatively tested for impairment at least annually
 or more frequently when necessary. If the fair value of the intangible asset is less than its carrying amount
Auditing management&#8217;s annual goodwill and trademarks and trade names impairment tests was complex as considerable management judgment was necessary to estimate fair values of the reporting units and trademarks and trade names. For goodwill
 significant assumptions used in management&#8217;s evaluations included projections of revenue growth rates and profitability
 estimated working capital needs and the weighted average cost of capital. For trademarks and trade names
 significant assumptions used in management&#8217;s evaluations included projections of future revenues for the associated brands
 royalty rates
We obtained an understanding
 evaluated the design
 and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company&#8217;s goodwill and trademark and trade name impairment evaluation process. For example
To test the estimated fair value of the Company&#8217;s reporting units and trademarks and trade names
 we performed audit procedures that included
 among others
 testing the significant assumptions discussed above
 testing the underlying data used by the Company in its analyses by comparing to historical and other industry data
 as well as validating certain assertions with data internal to the Company and from other sources. We compared the significant assumptions used by management to current industry and economic trends while also considering changes to the Company&#8217;s business model
 customer base and product mix.  We assessed the historical accuracy of management&#8217;s estimates and significant assumptions
 such as projections of revenue growth rates and profitability
 and estimated working capital needs
 by comparing management&#8217;s past projections to actual performance. We used our valuation specialists to independently compute a range of reasonableness for the weighted average cost of capital. We also performed sensitivity analyses to evaluate the impact that changes in the significant assumptions would have on the fair value of the reporting units and trademarks and trade names. In addition
 we tested the reconciliation of the fair value of the reporting units to the market capitalization of the Company. We also&#160;involved a valuation specialist to assist in our evaluation of the Company's model
For the year ended June 30
 2019
 the Company&#8217;s reported net sales from continuing operations was $2.3 billion. As described in Note 2 of the 2019 audited financial statements
 the Company provides certain retailers and distributors with trade and promotional incentive programs
Auditing the estimate of trade promotions and sales incentives is complex because the revenue recognized is determined based on significant management estimates. In particular
 estimates are made for price discounts
 slotting fees
 in-store display incentives
 cooperative advertising programs
 new product introduction fees and coupons. These estimates are based on historical performance of the retailer or distributor
 types of promotions
 and adjustments for current trends
We obtained an understanding
 evaluated the design
 and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Company&#8217;s trade promotions and sales incentives estimation process. For example
 we tested controls over management&#8217;s review of the significant assumptions
 such as the historical rate and timing of deductions
Among other tests
 we tested the results of the Company's retrospective review analysis of price concessions claimed by distributors and retailers as compared to levels of performance and redemption rates used in the estimate
 evaluated the estimates used by comparing them to historical trends
 and performed sensitivity analyses over the Company's significant assumptions. We also performed detailed transactional testing of customer deduction data underlying the estimate to validate the nature
 timing and amount of deductions taken. Additionally
At June 30
 2019
 the Company&#8217;s Stock Keeping Unit (&#8220;SKU&#8221;) rationalization inventory reserve was $12.4 million. As discussed in Note 7 of the 2019 audited financial statements
 the Company recorded inventory write-downs in connection with the discontinuance of slow-moving SKUs as part of a product rationalization initiative. Inputs to the calculation of the reserve at year end related to those items in the SKU rationalization program that are subjective and judgmental
We obtained an understanding
 evaluated the design
 and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the SKU rationalization process. For example
Our audit procedures to test the adequacy of the Company's SKU rationalization reserve included
 among others
 testing the accuracy and completeness of the underlying data
As more fully described in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements
 at June 30
 2019
 the Company had deferred tax assets related to deductible temporary differences and carryforwards of $77.0 million
 net of a $34.9 million valuation allowance. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance if
 based on the weight of all available evidence
 in management&#8217;s judgment it is more likely than not that some portion
 or all
 of the federal
We obtained an understanding
 evaluated the design
Among other audit procedures performed
 we tested the Company&#8217;s scheduling of the reversal of existing temporary taxable differences. We also evaluated the assumptions used by the Company to develop estimates of future taxable income by jurisdiction and tested the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used in its projections. For example
 we compared the estimates of future taxable income with the actual results of prior periods
Jericho
August&#160;29
THE HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP
JUNE&#160;30
&#32;AND JUNE 30
(In thousands
June 30
39
106
Accounts receivable
f $588 and $1
828
236
252
364
391
60
59
240
701
1
051
Property
 plant and equipment
328
310
1
008
1
024
Trademarks and other intangible assets
465
510
18
20
59
29
2
582
2
946
238
229
118
116
25
26
49
383
422
Long-term debt
613
687
51
86
14
12
1
063
1
209
Preferred stock - $.01 par value
 authorized 5
Common stock - $.01 par value
 authorized 150
000 shares; issued: 108
833 and 108
422 shares
 respectively; outstanding: 104
219 and 103
952 shares
1
1
1
158
1
148
695
878
(225
(184
1
629
1
843
Less: Treasury stock
 at cost
 4
614 and 4
470 shares
(110
(106
1
519
1
737
2
582
2
946
THE HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP
FISCAL YEARS ENDED JUNE 30
 
(In thousands
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
2
302
2
457
2
343
1
857
1
942
1
824
445
515
519
Selling
340
341
312
15
18
16
40
18
10
Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
30
(4
Accounting review and remediation costs
4
9
29
7
33
14
40
(14
106
109
Interest and other financing expense
36
26
21
Other expense/(income)
1
(2
(51
81
87
(2
22
(49
82
65
Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
(133
(72
1
(183
9
67
104
103
103
104
104
104
THE HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP
FISCAL YEARS ENDED JUNE 30
 
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
(183
9
67
(41
(41
11
11
(22
(22
(41
(41
11
11
(23
(23
(224
20
44
THE HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
(In thousands
Balance at June 30
107
1
1
123
801
4
(89
(172
1
664
67
67
(23
(23
1
(1
2
2
(8
(8
9
9
Balance at June 30
107
1
1
137
868
4
(99
(195
1
712
9
9
11
11
(7
(7
10
10
Balance at June 30
108
1
1
148
878
4
(106
(184
1
737
THE HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP
 INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
(In thousands
Balance at June 30
108
1
1
148
878
4
(106
(184
1
737
(183
(183
(41
(41
(3
(3
10
10
Balance at June 30
108
1
1
158
695
4
(110
(225
1
519
THE HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP
FISCAL YEARS ENDED JUNE 30
 
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
(183
9
67
(133
(72
1
(49
82
65
56
60
59
(25
(21
(10
Stock-based compensation
9
11
9
33
21
40
Other non-cash items
1
2
Increase (decrease) in cash attributable to changes in operating assets and liabilities
21
(24
33
20
(45
(5
(9
33
3
(2
(4
(16
49
2
49
121
232
(77
(70
(47
7
6
Acquisitions of businesses
(12
(19
(69
(82
(60
285
65
90
(268
(400
(181
299
(90
(3
Repayments of other debt
(3
(19
36
(21
(25
(2
(3
(7
(8
(44
(69
(147
(2
(3
(8
(14
(12
37
(10
(15
(36
21
25
(6
(3
(2
(73
(33
19
113
146
127
39
113
146
(6
(9
39
106
137
THE HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP
(Amounts in thousands
The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 was founded in 1993 and is headquartered in Lake Success
 New York. The Company&#8217;s mission has continued to evolve since its founding
 with health and wellness being the core tenet.  The Company continues to be a leading marketer
 manufacturer and seller of organic and natural
 &#8220;better-for-you&#8221; products by anticipating and exceeding consumer expectations in providing quality
 innovation
 value and convenience. The Company is committed to growing sustainably while continuing to implement environmentally sound business practices and manufacturing processes.  Hain Celestial sells its products through specialty and natural food distributors
 supermarkets
 natural food stores
 mass-market and e-commerce retailers
 food service channels and club
The Company manufactures
 markets
 distributes and sells organic and natural products under brand names that are sold as &#8220;better-for-you&#8221; products
 with many recognized brands in the various market categories it serves
 including Almond Dream
 Arrowhead Mills
 Bearitos
 Better Bean
 BluePrint
 Casbah
 Celestial Seasonings
 Clarks
 Coconut Dream
 Cully &amp; Sully
 Danival
 DeBoles
 Earth&#8217;s Best
 Ella&#8217;s Kitchen
 Europe&#8217;s Best
 Farmhouse Fare
 Frank Cooper&#8217;s
 Gale&#8217;s
 Garden of Eatin&#8217;
 GG UniqueFiber
 Hain Pure Foods
 Hartley&#8217;s
 Health Valley
 Imagine
 Johnson&#8217;s Juice Co.
 Joya
 Lima
&#32;(under license)
 MaraNatha
 Mary Berry (under license)
 Natumi
 New Covent Garden Soup Co.
 Orchard House
 Rice Dream
 Robertson&#8217;s
 Rudi&#8217;s Gluten-Free Bakery
 Rudi&#8217;s Organic Bakery
 Sensible Portions
&#32;Organics
 Soy Dream
 Sun-Pat
 Sunripe
 SunSpire
 Terra
 The Greek Gods
 Walnut Acres
 Yorkshire Provender
 Yves Veggie Cuisine
 Avalon Organics
 Earth&#8217;s Best
 JASON
Historically
 the Company divided its business into core platforms
 which are defined by common consumer need
 route-to-market or internal advantage and are aligned with the Company&#8217;s strategic roadmap to continue its leadership position in the organic and natural
 &#8220;better-for-you&#8221; products industry.&#160;Those core platforms within our United States segment are:
 which includes infant foods
 infant and toddler formula
 toddler and kids foods and diapers that nurture and care for babies and toddlers
 under the Earth&#8217;s Best
 which includes core consumer staples
 such as MaraNatha
 Arrowhead Mills
 Imagine
 which includes wholesome products for in-between meals
 such as Terra
 Sensible Portions
 which includes yogurt
 plant-based proteins and other refrigerated products
 such as The Greek Gods
 which includes personal care products focused on providing consumers with cleaner and gentler ingredients
 such as JASON
 Live Clean
 Avalon Organics
Additionally
 beginning in fiscal 2017
 the Company launched Hain Ventures (formerly known as &#8220;Cultivate Ventures&#8221;)
 a venture unit with a twofold purpose: (i) to strategically invest in the Company&#8217;s smaller brands in high potential categories
 by giving these brands a dedicated
During fiscal 2019
 the Company refined its strategy within the United States segment
 focusing on simplifying the Company&#8217;s portfolio and reinvigorating profitable sales growth through removing uneconomic investment
 realigning resources to coincide with individual brand role
 reducing unproductive stock-keeping units (&#8220;SKUs&#8221;) and brands
 and reassessing current pricing architecture.  As part of this initiative
The Company&#8217;s &#8220;Get Bigger&#8221; brands represent its strongest brands with higher margins
 which compete in categories with strong growth. In order to capitalize on the potential of these brands
 the Company began reallocating resources to optimize assortment and increase share of distribution. In addition
The Company&#8217;s &#8220;Get Better&#8221; brands are the brands in which the Company is primarily focused on simplification and expansion of profit.  Some of these are low margin
 non-strategic brands that add complexity with minimal benefit to the Company&#8217;s operations.  Accordingly
 in fiscal 2019
 the Company initiated a SKU rationalization
&#32;low velocity SKUs. The elimination of these SKUs is expected to impact sales growth in the next fiscal year
As part of the Company&#8217;s overall strategy
 the Company may seek to dispose of businesses and brands that are less profitable or are otherwise less of a strategic fit within our core portfolio.  Accordingly
&#32;tofu
 seitan and tempeh businesses in the United States.   Additionally
 on August 27
 2019
 the Company sold the entities comprising its Tilda operating segment and certain other assets of the Tilda business.  See Note 21
Subsequent Event
As part of the Company&#8217;s historical strategic review
 it focused on a productivity initiative
 which it called &#8220;Project Terra.&#8221;  A key component of this project was the identification of global cost savings
 and the removal  of complexity from the business.  This review has included and continues to include streamlining the Company&#8217;s manufacturing plants
 co-packers and supply chain
 eliminating served categories or brands within those categories
In fiscal 2019
 the Company announced a new transformation initiative
In March 2018
 the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors approved a plan to sell all of the operations of the Hain Pure Protein Corporation (&#8220;HPPC&#8221;) operating segment
 which includes the Plainville Farms and FreeBird businesses
 and the EK Holdings
 Inc. (&#8220;Empire Kosher&#8221; or &#8220;Empire&#8221;) operating segment
 which were reported in the aggregate as the Hain Pure Protein reportable segment. These dispositions were being undertaken to reduce complexity in the Company&#8217;s operations and simplify the Company&#8217;s brand portfolio
Collectively
On February&#160;15
 2019
On June 28
 2019
and Empire Kosher businesses. See Note 5
Discontinued Operations
The Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries.  Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  Investments in affiliated companies in which the Company exercises significant influence
 but which it does not control
 are accounted for under the equity method of accounting.  As such
Unless otherwise indicated
 references in these consolidated financial statements to 
 
June&#160;30
The financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (&#8220;U.S. GAAP&#8221;).  The accounting principles we use require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and amounts of income and expenses during the reporting periods presented.  These estimates include
 among others
 revenue recognition
 trade promotions and sales incentives
 valuation of accounts and chargeback receivables
 accounting for acquisitions
 valuation of long-lived assets
 goodwill and intangible assets
 stock-based compensation
 and valuation allowances for deferred tax assets.  We believe in the quality and reasonableness of our critical accounting estimates; however
The Company considers cash and cash equivalents to include cash in banks
The Company sells its products through specialty and natural food distributors
 supermarkets
 natural foods stores
 mass-market and e-commerce retailers
 food service channels and club
he majority of our revenue contracts represent a single performance obligation related to the fulfillment of customer orders for the purchase of our products.  We recognize revenue as performance obligations are fulfilled when control passes to our customers.  Our customer contracts typically contain standard terms and conditions. In instances where formal written contracts are not in place we consider the customer purchase orders to be contracts based on the criteria outlined in ASC 606
Payment terms and conditions vary by customer and are based on the billing schedule established in our contracts or purchase orders with customers
; therefore
Sales includes shipping and handling charges billed to the customer and are reported net of discounts
 trade promotions and sales incentives
 consumer coupon programs and other costs
 including estimated allowances for returns
 allowances and discounts associated with aged or potentially unsalable product
During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016
 the Company identified the practice of granting additional concessions to certain distributors in the United States and commenced an internal accounting review in order to (i) determine whether the revenue associated with those concessions was accounted for in the correct period and (ii) evaluate its internal control over financial reporting. The Audit Committee of the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors separately conducted an independent review of these matters and retained independent counsel to assist in their review. On November 16
 2016
Management&#8217;s internal accounting review included consideration of certain side agreements and concessions provided to distributors in the United States in fiscal 2016
 including payment terms beyond the customer&#8217;s standard terms
 rights of return of product and post-sale concessions
 most of which were associated with sales that occurred at the end of the quarter. It had been the Company&#8217;s policy to record revenue related to these distributors when title of the product transfers to the distributor. The Company concluded that its historical accounting policy for these distributors is appropriate as the sales price is fixed or determinable at the time ownership transfers to these distributors
In addition to fixed contract consideration
 many of our contracts include some form of variable consideration.  We offer various trade promotions and sales incentive programs to customers and consumers
 such as price discounts
 slotting fees
 in-store display incentives
 cooperative advertising programs
 new product introduction fees and coupons. The expenses associated with these programs are accounted for as reductions to the transaction price of our products and are therefore deducted from our net sales to determine reported net sales.  Trade promotions and sales incentive accruals are subject to significant management estimates and assumptions. The critical assumptions used in estimating the accruals for trade promotions and sales incentives include management&#8217;s estimate of expected levels of performance and redemption rates. Management exercises judgment in developing these assumptions. These assumptions are based upon historical performance of the retailer or distributor customers with similar types of promotions adjusted for current trends. The Company regularly reviews and revises
 when deemed necessary
As our contracts are generally shorter than one year
 the Company has elected a practical expedient under ASC 606 that allows the Company to expense as incurred the incremental costs of obtaining a contract if the contract period is for one year or less.  These costs are included in the selling
The Company does not disaggregate revenue below the segment revenues level disclosed in Note 19
 
 as all revenues are recognized at a point in time and the Company&#8217;s segment revenues depict how the economic factors affect the nature
 amount
June&#160;30
 2019
 respectively
Based on cash collection history and other statistical analysis
 the Company estimates the amount of unauthorized deductions customers have taken that we expect will be collected and repaid in the near future and records a chargeback receivable. Differences between estimated collectible receivables and actual collections are recognized in earnings in the period such differences are determined.
June&#160;30
 2019
&#160;
 respectively.  Sales to a second customer and its affiliates approximated  
June&#160;30
 2019
&#160;
In addition
 cash and cash equivalents are maintained with several financial institutions. Deposits held with banks may exceed the amount of insurance provided on such deposits. Generally
Inventory is valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value
 utilizing the first-in
Property
Property
 plant and equipment is carried at cost and depreciated or amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives or lease term (for leasehold improvements)
 whichever is shorter.  The Company believes the useful lives assigned to our property
 plant and equipment are within ranges generally used in consumer products manufacturing and distribution businesses.  The Company&#8217;s manufacturing plants and distribution centers
 and their related assets
 are reviewed when impairment indicators are present by analyzing underlying cash flow projections.  The Company believes no impairment of the carrying value of such assets exists other than as disclosed under Note 8
Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net
and Note 5
Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the respective initial lease term or the estimated useful life of the assets
Goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized but rather are tested at least annually for impairment
Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit is an operating segment or a component of an operating segment. Goodwill is tested for impairment by either performing a qualitative evaluation or a two-step quantitative test. The qualitative evaluation is an assessment of factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 including goodwill. We may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment for some or all reporting units and perform a two-step quantitative impairment test. The impairment test for goodwill requires the Company to compare the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value
 including goodwill. The Company uses a blended analysis of a discounted cash flow model and a market valuation approach to determine the fair values of its reporting units. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 the Company would then compare the carrying value of the goodwill to its implied fair value in order to determine the amount of the impairment
Indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment by comparing the fair value of the asset to the carrying value. Fair value is determined based on a relief from royalty method that include significant management assumptions such as revenue growth rates
 weighted average cost of capital
 and assumed royalty rates. If the fair value is less than the carrying value
See Note 9
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
Included in cost of sales are the cost of products sold
 including the costs of raw materials and labor and overhead required to produce the products
 warehousing
 distribution
 supply chain costs
Gains and losses arising from intercompany foreign currency transactions that are not of a long-term nature and certain transactions of the Company&#8217;s subsidiaries which are denominated in currencies other than the subsidiaries&#8217; functional currency are recognized as incurred in other (income)/expense
Selling
Included in selling
 general and administrative expenses are advertising costs
 promotion costs not paid directly to the Company&#8217;s customers
 salary and related benefit costs of the Company&#8217;s employees in the finance
 human resources
 information technology
 legal
 sales and marketing functions
 facility related costs of the Company&#8217;s administrative functions
 research and development costs
Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and are included in selling
$11
120
$9
$10
130
Advertising costs
 which are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses
$28
164
$35
$30
In July of 2019
$7
&#32;as partial payment from an insurance claim relating to business disruption costs associated with a co-packer
$4
$2
The Company follows the liability method of accounting for income taxes.  Under the liability method
The Company recognizes liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process prescribed by the authoritative guidance. The first step requires the Company to determine if the weight of available evidence indicates that the tax position has met the threshold for recognition; therefore
 the Company must evaluate whether it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit
 including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes.  The second step requires the Company to measure the tax benefit of the tax position taken
 or expected to be taken
 in an income tax return as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement.  The Company reevaluates the uncertain tax positions each period based on factors including
 but not limited to
 changes in facts or circumstances
 changes in tax law
 effectively settled issues under audit
 and new audit activity.  Depending on the jurisdiction
The fair value of financial instruments is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties.  At June 30
 
 the Company had 
 respectively
 invested in money market funds
June&#160;30
 2019
 the carrying values of financial instruments such as accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses and other current liabilities
 as well as borrowings under our credit facility and other borrowings
The Company utilizes derivative instruments
 principally foreign exchange forward contracts
 to manage certain exposures to changes in foreign exchange rates.  The Company&#8217;s contracts are hedges for transactions with notional balances and periods consistent with the related exposures and do not constitute investments independent of these exposures.  These contracts
 which are designated and documented as cash flow hedges
 qualify for hedge accounting treatment in accordance with ASC 815
All derivative instruments are recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value.  The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivative instruments that qualify for cash flow hedge accounting treatment are recognized in stockholders&#8217; equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive (loss)/income until the hedged item is recognized in earnings.  Changes in the fair value of fair value hedges
 derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment
 as well as the ineffective portion of any cash flow hedges
 are recognized currently in earnings as a component of other (income)/expense
The fair value of stock-based compensation awards is recognized as an expense over the vesting period using the straight-line method.  For awards that contain a market condition
 expense is recognized over the defined or derived service period using a Monte Carlo simulation model.  Compensation expense is recognized for these awards on a straight-line basis over the service period
 regardless of the eventual number of shares that are earned based upon the market condition
For restricted stock awards which include performance criteria
 compensation expense is recorded when the achievement of the performance criteria is probable and is recognized over the performance and vesting service periods.  Compensation expense is recognized for only that portion of stock-based awards that are expected to vest.  Therefore
 estimated forfeiture rates that are derived from historical employee termination activity are applied to reduce the amount of compensation expense recognized.  If the actual forfeitures differ from the estimate
The Company periodically evaluates the carrying value of long-lived assets
 other than goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives
 held and used in the business when events and circumstances occur indicating that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable.  An impairment test is performed when the estimated undiscounted cash flows associated with the asset or group of assets is less than their carrying value.  Once such impairment test is performed
 a loss is recognized based on the amount
 if any
See Note 8
Property
 Plant and Equipment
Net
&#32;and Note 5
Discontinued Operations
In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) 2014-09
. This guidance outlines a single
 comprehensive model for accounting for revenue from contracts with customers
 providing a single five-step model to be applied to all revenue transactions. The guidance also requires improved disclosures to assist users of the financial statements to better understand the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue that is recognized. Subsequent to the issuance of ASU 2014-09
 the FASB issued various additional ASUs clarifying and amending this new revenue guidance. The Company adopted the new revenue standard on July 1
 2018 using the modified retrospective transition method. The adoption did not materially impact our results of operations or financial position
 and
 as a result
&#32;on July 1
In January 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-01
. ASU 2016-01 requires that most equity investments be measured at fair value
 with subsequent changes in fair value recognized in net income. The pronouncement also impacts financial liabilities under the fair value option and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments. The Company adopted ASU 2016-01 in the three months ended September 30
 2018
&#32;on July 1
 2018
 representing the accumulated unrealized losses (net of tax) reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for available-for-sale equity securities on June 30
In May 2017
 the FASB issued ASU 2017-09
&#160;
 which provides guidance about which changes to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to apply modification accounting in Topic 718. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2017. The Company adopted the provisions of&#160;ASU 2016-15&#160;as of July 1
In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
. The amendments in this ASU replace most of the existing U.S. GAAP lease accounting guidance in order to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within those years
 with early adoption permitted. The ASU requires lessees and lessors to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach. In July 2018
 the FASB approved amendments to create an optional transition method that will provide an option to use the effective date of ASC 842 as the date of initial application of the transition. Under the new transition method
 a reporting entity would initially apply the new lease requirements at the effective date and recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the period of adoption
 continue to report comparative periods presented in the financial statements in the period of adoption in accordance with current U.S. GAAP (i.e.
 ASC 840
As part of the Company&#8217;s assessment work to-date
 the Company has formed an implementation work team to perform a comprehensive evaluation of the impact of the adoption of this guidance
 which includes assessing the Company&#8217;s lease portfolio
 the impact to business processes and internal controls over financial reporting and the related disclosure requirements. Additionally
 the Company has implemented lease accounting software to assist in the quantification of the expected impact on the Company&#8217;s Consolidated Balance Sheet and to facilitate the calculations of the related accounting entries and disclosures
 as well as to facilitate accounting
The Company will adopt&#160;ASC 842&#160;during the first quarter of fiscal 2020 using the modified retrospective method. The new guidance will be applied to leases that exist or are entered into on or after July 1
 2019 without adjusting comparative periods in the financial statements. The Company will utilize the package of practical expedients under&#160;ASC 842
 which allows entities to (1) not reassess whether any expired or existing contracts are or contain leases
 (2) retain the classification of leases (e.g.
 operating or finance lease) existing as of the date of adoption and (3) not reassess initial direct costs for any existing leases. Based on the most recent assessment of existing leases
$85
$95
000
 with a corresponding amount for the right-of-use assets
In January 2017
 the FASB
 issued ASU 2017-04
 
amount by which a reporting unit&#8217;s carrying value exceeds its fair value
 not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. This guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2019. Early adoption is permitted for annual or any interim impairment tests with a measurement date on or after January 1
On June 24
 2018
 the Company entered into a CEO succession plan
 whereby the Company&#8217;s former CEO
 Irwin D. Simon
On October 26
 2018
 the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors appointed Mark L. Schiller as President and CEO
 succeeding Mr. Simon. In connection with the appointment
 on October 26
 2018
 the Company and Mr. Schiller entered into an employment agreement
 which was approved by the Board
 with Mr. Schiller&#8217;s employment commencing on November 5
 2018. Accordingly
 Mr. Simon&#8217;s employment with the Company terminated on November 4
$34
. These costs were recognized from June 24
 2018 through November 4
$33
$1
June&#160;30
&#32;and 2018.  The cash separation payment was paid on May 6
On October 26
 2018
 the Company and Mr. Simon entered into a Consulting Agreement (the &#8220;Consulting Agreement&#8221;) in order to
 among other things
 assist Mr. Schiller with his transition as the Company&#8217;s incoming CEO. The term of the Consulting Agreement commenced on November 5
 2018 and continued until February 5
&#32;as compensation for his services during the consulting term
 which was fully recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Operations as a component of &#8220;Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
June&#160;30
&#32;total shareholder return (&#8220;TSR&#8221;) performance based awards on September 26
 2017.  The performance period was set to end on June 30
 2019. Under the Succession Agreement
 he was entitled to compensation if the TSR components were met.  The Succession Agreement modified Mr. Simon&#8217;s award such that his award went from improbable of being earned to probable since the Succession Agreement allowed him to be eligible for the award while he is no longer an employee.  Accordingly
 the Company determined that a Type III modification pursuant to ASC 718 occurred.  Therefore
 in accordance with ASC 718
 the Company determined the fair value of the replacement award as of the modification date
 utilizing the Monte Carlo valuation model.  As a result
 the fair value of the TSR performance based awards granted on September 26
&#32;per share based on the lower likelihood of attainment
 resulting in revised expense of 
 which was amortized on a straight-line basis from June 24
 2018 through November 4
 2018.  In the fiscal year ended June 30
 2018
$2
&#32;of stock-based compensation expense associated with the modified grant
$2
&#32;in the twelve months ended June 30
 2018 associated with the modification of this grant recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Operations.  Additionally
 the Succession Agreement allowed for acceleration of vesting of all service-based awards outstanding at the Succession Date. In connection with these accelerations
&#32;in the twelve months ended June 30
 2018. In connection with the aforementioned items
$2
&#32;as a component of &#8220;Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
June&#160;30
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
(49
82
65
&#160;&#160;&#160;Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
(133
(72
1
(183
9
67
104
103
103
&#160;&#160;&#160;Effect of dilutive stock options
104
104
104
Basic net (loss) income per share excludes the dilutive effects of stock options
June&#160;30
 2019
June&#160;30
3
625
June&#160;30
 2019
 
 respectively
 as such awards were contingently issuable based on market or performance conditions
 and such conditions had not been achieved during the respective periods.  Additionally
 
June&#160;30
 2019
 
 respectively
June&#160;30
 2019
June&#160;30
On June 21
 2017
$250
outstanding common stock.  Repurchases may be made from time to time in the open market
 pursuant to pre-set trading plans
 in private transactions or otherwise. The authorization does not have a stated expiration date.  The extent to which the Company repurchases its shares and the timing of such repurchases will depend upon market conditions and other corporate considerations. The Company did not repurchase any shares under this program in fiscal 2019
 2018 or 2017
 and accordingly
 as of the end of fiscal 2019
$250
In March 2018
 the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors approved a plan to sell all of the operations of the Hain Pure Protein Corporation (&#8220;HPPC&#8221;) operating segment
 which includes the Plainville Farms and FreeBird businesses
 and the EK Holdings
 Inc. (&#8220;Empire Kosher&#8221; or &#8220;Empire&#8221;) operating segment
 which were reported in the aggregate as the Hain Pure Protein reportable segment.  Collectively
$109
$78
June&#160;30
&#32;and 2018
 respectively
  to adjust the carrying value of Hain Pure Protein and Empire Kosher to its fair value
 less its cost to sell
 which is reflected in net (loss) income from discontinued operations
 net of taxes in each respective period.  The reserves were recorded due to negative market conditions in the sector
On February 15
 2019
 the Company completed the sale of substantially all of the assets used primarily for the Plainville Farms business (a component of HPPC)
$25
&#32;in cash to the purchaser
 for a nominal purchase price. In addition
 the purchaser assumed the current liabilities of the Plainville Farms business as of the closing date. As a condition to consummating the sale
 the Company entered into a Contingent Funding and Earnout Agreement
$10
&#32;months after issuance. The Company is entitled to receive an earnout not to exceed
 in the aggregate
&#32;of the maximum amount that the purchaser draws on the letter of credit at any point from the date of issuance through the expiration of the letter of credit. Earnout payments are based on a specified percentage of annual free cash flow achieved for all fiscal years ending on or prior to June 30
 2026. If a change in control of the purchaser occurs prior to June 30
 2026
June&#160;30
 2019
 the Company had not recorded an asset associated with the earnout. As a result of the disposition
$40
223
$29
&#32;net of tax
June&#160;30
&#32;to write down the assets and liabilities to the final sales price less costs to sell
$10
On June 28
 2019
 the Company completed the sale of the remainder of HPPC and EK Holdings
and Empire Kosher businesses.  The purchase price
 net of customary adjustments based on the closing balance sheet of HPPC
$77
. The Company used the proceeds from the sale to pay down outstanding  borrowings under its term loan.  As a result of the disposition
June&#160;30
The following table presents the major classes of Hain Pure Protein&#8217;s line items constituting the &#8220;Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
408
509
509
409
486
487
(1
23
21
109
78
Selling
16
18
19
9
4
1
40
(176
(78
1
(43
(5
Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
(133
(72
1
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
6
Accounts receivable
21
105
5
Property
 plant and equipment
83
41
Trademarks and other intangible assets
51
4
(78
240
31
6
11
49
The Company accounts for acquisitions in accordance with ASC 805
.  The results of operations of the acquisitions have been included in the consolidated results from their respective dates of acquisition.  The purchase price of each acquisition is allocated to the tangible assets
 liabilities and identifiable intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values.  Acquisitions may include contingent consideration
 the fair value of which is estimated on the acquisition date as the present value of the expected contingent payments
$2
June&#160;30
 2018
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
On December 1
 2017
 the Company acquired Clarks UK Limited (&#8220;Clarks&#8221;)
&#32;brand
 including maple syrup
 honey and carob
 date and agave syrups
 which are sold in leading retailers and used by food service and industrial customers in the United Kingdom. Consideration for the transaction
 inclusive of a subsequent working capital adjustment
 consisted of cash
 net of cash acquired
&#163;9
$12
&#32;at the transaction date exchange rate).  Additionally
&#163;1
-month period following completion of the acquisition.  Clarks is included in our United Kingdom operating segment. Net sales and income before income taxes attributable to the Clarks acquisition included in our consolidated results for the fiscal year ended June 30
On June 19
 2017
 the Company acquired Sonmundo
 Inc. d/b/a The Better Bean Company (&#8220;Better Bean&#8221;)
&#32;brand.  Consideration for the transaction consisted of cash
 net of cash acquired
$3
.  Additionally
$4
-year period following the closing date. Better Bean is included in our Hain Ventures operating segment
 which is part of the Rest of World segment.  Net sales and income before income taxes attributable to the Better Bean acquisition and included in our consolidated results for the fiscal year ended June 30
On April 28
 2017
 the Company acquired The Yorkshire Provender Limited (&#8220;Yorkshire Provender&#8221;)
 a producer of premium branded soups based in North Yorkshire in the United Kingdom.  Yorkshire Provender supplies leading retailers
 on-the-go food outlets and food service providers in the United Kingdom.  Consideration for the transaction consisted of cash
 net of cash acquired
&#163;12
$16
&#160;at the transaction date exchange rate).  Additionally
&#163;1
-year period following the closing date.  Yorkshire Provender is included in our United Kingdom operating and reportable segment.  Net sales and income before income taxes attributable to Yorkshire Provender and included in our consolidated results for the fiscal year ended June 30
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
220
231
Raw materials
144
159
364
391
At each period end
June&#160;30
 2019
$12
&#160;in connection with the discontinuance of slow moving SKUs as part of a product rationalization initiative
$10
&#32;of which was recorded in the three months ended June 30
In the twelve months ended June 30
 2018
$4
8.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Property
 plant and equipment
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
26
28
89
83
306
323
52
54
18
17
32
31
35
17
562
555
233
245
328
310
June&#160;30
 2019
 
$32
872
$33
$33
558
 respectively. 
&#32;of its manufacturing facilities would be sold or otherwise disposed of before the end of their estimated useful lives due to the Company&#8217;s decision to consolidate manufacturing of certain fruit-based and soup products in the United Kingdom. As such
$6
166
$9
&#32;to write down the value of certain machinery and equipment no longer in use in the United States and United Kingdom
 some of which was used to manufacture certain slow moving SKUs that were discontinued.
&#32;of its manufacturing facilities would be sold or otherwise disposed of before the end of their estimated useful lives due to the Company&#8217;s decision to utilize third-party manufacturers for two facilities in the United States and to consolidate manufacturing of certain soup products in the United Kingdom. As such
$6
$3
&#32;as assets held for sale within &#8220;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&#8221; in its June 30
Additionally
$2
&#32;as assets held for sale within &#8220;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&#8221; in its June 30
In fiscal 2017
&#32;of its manufacturing facilities in the United Kingdom would be sold or otherwise disposed of before the end of their estimated useful lives due to the Company&#8217;s decision to exit its own-label chilled desserts business over the next twelve months. As such
$23
&#32;non-cash impairment charge related to the long-lived assets associated with the own-label chilled desserts business to their estimated fair values
 which was equal to its salvage value. Additionally
$2
Balance as of June 30
588
329
101
1
018
7
7
(35
35
(7
(7
Translation and other adjustments
5
5
Balance as of June 30
552
377
94
1
024
Translation and other adjustments
(14
(15
Balance as of June&#160;30
552
362
93
1
008
$126
&#32;of accumulated impairment charges
$97
$29
(2) Effective July 1
 2017
 due to changes to the Company&#8217;s internal management and reporting structure
 the United Kingdom operations of the Ella&#8217;s Kitchen&#174;&#160;brand
 which was previously included within the United States reportable segment
$35
&#160;was reallocated to the United Kingdom reportable segment in connection with this change. See Note 1
 Business
 and Note 19
 Segment Information
$134
&#32;of accumulated impairment charges
$97
&#32;related to the Company&#8217;s United Kingdom operating segment
$29
$7
June&#160;30
&#32;were due to the acquisition of Clarks on December 1
 2017. 
 in conjunction with its budgeting and forecasting process for fiscal year 2020
The following table sets forth balance sheet information for intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
359
385
232
239
(126
(114
465
510
$83
$65
June&#160;30
 2019
Indefinite-lived intangible assets
 which are not amortized
 consist primarily of acquired trade names and trademarks.  Indefinite-lived intangible assets are evaluated on an annual basis in conjunction with the Company&#8217;s evaluation of goodwill
 or on an interim basis if and when events or &#160;circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of any of its indefinite-life intangible assets below their carrying value.  In assessing fair value
 the Company utilizes a &#8220;relief from royalty&#8221; methodology.  This approach involves two steps: (i) estimating the royalty rates for each trademark and (ii) applying these royalty rates to a projected net sales stream and discounting the resulting cash flows to determine fair value. If the carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets exceeds the fair value of the asset
 the carrying value is written down to fair value in the period identified.  In the second quarter of fiscal 2019
 the Company determined that an indicator of impairment existed in certain of the Company&#8217;s indefinite-lived tradenames. The result of this interim assessment indicated that the fair value of certain of the Company&#8217;s tradenames was below their carrying value
$17
$11
&#32;in the United States segment
$3
$2
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
 2018
$5
$5
Amortizable intangible assets
 which are deemed to have a finite life
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
15
18
16
Fiscal Year Ending June 30
13
13
12
12
9
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
Payroll
80
75
Facility
21
20
7
15
9
3
118
116
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
420
401
206
296
(1
8
9
4
7
639
714
25
26
Long-term debt
613
687
On February 6
 2018
$1
000
&#160;revolving credit facility through February 6
$300
&#160;term loan. Under the Credit Agreement
$400
000
Borrowings under the Credit Agreement may be used to provide working capital
 finance capital expenditures and permitted acquisitions
 refinance certain existing indebtedness and for other lawful corporate purposes. The Credit Agreement provides for multicurrency borrowings in Euros
 Pounds Sterling and Canadian Dollars as well as other currencies which may be designated. In addition
 certain wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries of the Company may be designated as co-borrowers. The Credit Agreement contains restrictive covenants
 which are usual and customary for facilities of its type
 and include
 with specified exceptions
 limitations on the Company&#8217;s ability to engage in certain business activities
 incur debt
 have liens
 make capital expenditures
 pay dividends or make other distributions
 enter into affiliate transactions
 consolidate
 merge or acquire or dispose of assets
 and make certain investments
 acquisitions and loans. The Credit Agreement also requires the Company to satisfy certain financial covenants. On the date the Credit Agreement was consummated
June&#160;30
 2019
$420
$206
&#160;of borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit facility and term loan
 respectively
$9
On November 7
 2018
On February 6
 2019
 the Company entered into an amendment to the Credit Agreement
&#32;to 1.0 as of December 31
&#32;to 1.0 as of March 31
 2019 and June 30
 2019. Under the terms of the February 6
 2019 amendment
&#32;to 1.0 beginning in the period ending September 30
On May 8
 2019
 the Company entered into the Third Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the &#8220;Amended Credit Agreement&#8221;)
 whereby
 among other things
&#32;to 1.0 from March 31
 2019 to December 31
 2019
&#32;to 1.0 at March 31
 2020
&#32;to 1.0 at June 30
&#32;to 1.0 on September 30
&#32;upon sale of the Company&#8217;s remaining Hain Pure Protein business. Additionally
&#32;to 1 through March 31
 2020
&#32;to 1 through March 31
&#32;to 1 thereafter. As part of the Amended Credit Agreement
Company and its material domestic subsidiaries
 including stock of each of their direct subsidiaries and intellectual property
June&#160;30
 2019
$569
&#160;was available under the Amended Credit Agreement
 and the Company was in compliance with all associated covenants
The Amended Credit Agreement provides that loans will bear interest at rates based on (a) the Eurocurrency Rate
 as defined in the Credit Agreement
&#160;per annum; or (b) the Base Rate
 as defined in the Credit Agreement
&#160;per annum
 the relevant rate being the Applicable Rate. The Applicable Rate will be determined in accordance with a leverage-based pricing grid
 as set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement. Swing line loans and Global Swing Line loans denominated in U.S. dollars will bear interest at the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate
June&#160;30
. Additionally
 the Amended Credit Agreement contains a Commitment Fee
 as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement
&#160;per annum
The term loan has required installment payments due on the last day of each fiscal quarter commencing June 30
$3
On June 28
 2019
 the Company completed the sale of the Company&#8217;s remaining Hain Pure Protein business and utilized the proceeds from the sale
 net of transaction related costs
 to prepay a portion of the term loan.  See Note 5
Discontinued Operations
for information on the sale of the Hain Pure Protein business.  In connection with the prepayment of debt
Tilda
 formerly a component of the Company&#8217;s United Kingdom reportable segment
&#163;52
. Outstanding borrowings were collateralized by the current assets of Tilda
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
 2019
$8
$9
&#160;of borrowings under these arrangements
 respectively.  See Note 21
Subsequent Event
June&#160;30
 2019
25
16
15
581
639
June&#160;30
 2019
$33
751
$24
$18
819
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
(134
(13
47
82
95
40
(51
81
87
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
3
(1
18
1
18
20
14
23
20
32
(24
(22
(3
1
1
(2
(8
(25
(21
(10
(2
22
June&#160;30
 2019
 the Company paid cash for income taxes
 net of refunds
$22
.  Cash paid for income taxes
 net of (refunds)
June&#160;30
$24
$(2
900)
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
(10
22
30
State income taxes
(9
2
2
(7
(6
1
9
(3
(4
6
7
(25
3
(1
(3
1
(2
22
(a) For the year ended June 30
 2018
$7
&#32;of tax expense for the Tax Act&#8217;s one-time transition tax on the foreign subsidiaries&#8217; accumulated
 unremitted earnings in accordance with U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission&#8217;s Staff Accounting Bulletin (&#8220;SAB 118&#8221;). Additionally
 during fiscal year June 30
 2019
$6
(b) For the year ended June 30
 2018
$25
&#32;in provisional tax benefit related to the net change in deferred tax liabilities stemming from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act&#8217;s (the &#8220;Tax Act&#8221;) reduction of the U.S. federal tax rate from 35% to 21% and disallowance of certain incentive based compensation tax deductibility under Internal Revenue Code 162(m).  There was an immaterial tax benefit recorded for the period ended June 30
With the effective date of January 1
 2018
 the Tax Act also introduced a provision to tax global intangible low-taxed income (&#8220;GILTI&#8221;) of foreign subsidiaries and a measure to tax certain intercompany payments under the base erosion anti-abuse tax &#8220;BEAT&#8221; regime. For the fiscal year ended June 30
 2019
$3
&#32;during the fiscal year ended June 30
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
9
9
23
11
(92
(97
(6
(8
73
18
1
3
(34
(20
Noncurrent deferred tax liabilities
(21
(86
$29
&#32;of non-current deferred tax assets included within Other Assets on the June 30
June&#160;30
 2019
$201
$23
057
 respectively
$23
$30
June&#160;30
 2019
 respectively
June&#160;30
 2019
The company historically considered the undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested and as a result has not provided for taxes on such earnings. The company has not changed previous indefinite reinvestment assertion following the enactment of the Tax Act
June&#160;30
 2019
$289
&#32;which partially have been already subjected to U.S. transition tax as part of the Tax Act. If the company determines that all or a portion of its foreign earnings are no longer indefinitely reinvested
 then the company may be subject to additional foreign withholding taxes and U.S. state income taxes
As required by the authoritative guidance on accounting for income taxes
 the Company evaluates the realizability of deferred tax assets on a jurisdictional basis at each reporting date. Accounting for income taxes requires that a valuation allowance be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. In circumstances where there is sufficient negative evidence indicating that the deferred tax assets are not more likely than not realizable
$34
$20
June&#160;30
 2019
 respectively.  During fiscal 2019
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
20
20
17
1
(3
(1
34
20
Unrecognized tax benefits activity
 including interest and penalties
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
6
11
16
5
(4
(4
11
6
11
June&#160;30
 2019
$11
&#32;of unrecognized tax benefits
$8
&#32;represents the amount that
 if recognized
 would impact the effective tax rate in future periods.  As of June 30
 
$6
$11
602
 respectively
$2
$6
409
 respectively
June&#160;30
 2019
The Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction
 various U.S. state jurisdictions and several foreign jurisdictions.  With few exceptions
 the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal
 state and local
 or non-U.S. income tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to fiscal 2016.  However
 to the extent we generated NOLs or tax credits in closed tax years
 future use of the NOL or tax credit carryforward balance would be subject to examination within the relevant statute of limitations for the year in which utilized.  The Company is no longer subject to tax examinations in the United Kingdom for years prior to fiscal 2016.  Given the uncertainty regarding when tax authorities will complete their examinations and the possible outcomes of their examinations
 a current estimate of the range of reasonably possible significant increases or decreases of income tax that may occur within the next twelve months cannot be made.  Although there are various tax audits currently ongoing
5
&#32;shares with such designations
 rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors.  Accordingly
 the Board of Directors is empowered to issue
 without stockholder approval
 preferred stock with dividends
 liquidation
 conversion
 voting or other rights which could decrease the amount of earnings and assets available for distribution to holders of the Company&#8217;s Common Stock.  At June 30
 
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
(41
11
(41
11
June&#160;30
 2019
Amounts reclassified into income for deferred gains/(losses) on cash flow hedging instruments are recorded in &#8220;Cost of sales&#8221; in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and
 before taxes
June&#160;30
 2019
&#32;shareholder-approved plan
 the Amended and Restated 2002 Long-Term Incentive and Stock Award Plan
 under which the Company&#8217;s officers
 senior management
 other key employees
2002 Long-Term Incentive and Stock Award Plan
In November 2002
3
&#32;shares of common stock were originally reserved for issuance under this plan.  At various Annual Meetings of Stockholders
 including the 2014 Annual Meeting
31
&#32;shares.  The plan provides for the granting of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock
 restricted share units
 performance shares
 performance share units and other equity awards to employees
&#32;after the date of grant.  Options and other stock-based awards vest in accordance with provisions set forth in the applicable award agreements.  No awards shall be granted under this plan after November 20
June&#160;30
 2019
 
1
626
 
 
 respectively
1
130
 
 respectively
June&#160;30
 2019
1
&#32;unvested restricted stock and restricted share units were outstanding under this plan
3
June&#160;30
 2019
At June 30
 2019
&#32;options outstanding that were granted under a prior Celestial Seasonings plan. Although no further awards can be granted under the prior Celestial Seasonings plan
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
Selling
9
13
9
Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
(2
10
11
9
1
2
3
In the fiscal year ended June 30
 2019
$1
&#32;related to the reversal of expense associated with the total share return (&#8220;TSR&#8221;) Grant under the 2017-2019 LTIP
In the fiscal year ended June 30
 2018
$2
&#32;primarily in connection with the modification of Irwin D. Simon&#8217;s TSR performance based awards granted on September 26
 2017.  Refer to Note 3
Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan
Awards of restricted stock may be either grants of restricted stock or restricted share units that are issued at no cost to the recipient. For restricted stock grants
 at the date of grant the recipient has all rights of a stockholder
 subject to certain restrictions on transferability and a risk of forfeiture.  For restricted share units
 legal ownership of the shares is not transferred to the employee until the unit vests.  Restricted stock and restricted share unit grants vest in accordance with provisions set forth in the applicable award agreements
1
1
4
4
1
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
29
17
6
11
15
9
3
5
3
June&#160;30
 2019
$23
&#160;of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense
 net of estimated forfeitures
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
6
2
June&#160;30
 2019
$2
394
June&#160;30
 2019
&#32;performance-based long-term incentive plans (the &#8220;2016-2018 LTIP&#8221;
 &#8220;2017-2019 LTIP&#8221;
The Compensation Committee administers the LTI Plan and is responsible for
 among other items
 selecting the specific performance measures for awards and setting the target performance required to receive an award after the completion of the performance period.  The Compensation Committee determines the specific payout to the participants. Any such stock-based awards shall be issued pursuant to and be subject to the terms and conditions of the Amended and Restated 2002 Long-Term Incentive and Stock Award Plan
 as in effect and as amended from time-to-time
 and the 2019 Equity Inducement Award Program
On January 24
 2019
 upon adoption of the 2019-2021 LTIP
&#32;performance share units (&#8220;PSUs&#8221;)
 the achievement of which is dependent upon a defined calculation of relative TSR over the period from November 6
 2018 to November 6
&#32;PSUs issued
&#32;year after the vesting date. As such
&#32;per share
$5
&#32;in the twelve months ended June 30
Upon adoption of the 2018-2020 LTIP
&#32;PSUs
 the achievement of which is dependent upon a defined calculation of relative TSR over the period from January 24
 2019 to June 30
&#32;per share
Upon adoption of the 2016-2018 LTIP and 2017-2019 LTIP
 the Compensation Committee granted PSUs to each participant
 the achievement of which is dependent upon a defined calculation of relative TSR over the period from July 1
 2015 to June 30
 2018 and from July 1
 2017 to June 30
 2019 (the &#8220;TSR Grant&#8221;)
-year period.  If the targets are achieved
In the first quarter of fiscal 2019
 in connection with the 2016-2018 LTIP
-year performance period of July 1
 2015 through June 30
 2018
 the Compensation Committee determined that the adjusted operating income goal required to be met for Section 162(m) funding was not achieved and determined that no awards would be paid or vested pursuant to the 2016-2018 LTIP.  Accordingly
&#32;unvested performance stock unit awards previously granted in connection with the relative TSR portion of the award were forfeited
 and amounts accrued relating to the net sales portion of the award were reversed.  As such
 in the first quarter of fiscal 2019
$6
&#32;associated with the reversal of previously accrued amounts under the net sales portion of the 2016-2018 LTIP
$5
&#32;was recorded in Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
In connection with the 2017-2019 LTIP
 in the first quarter of fiscal 2019
 the Company determined that the achievement of the adjusted operating income goal required to be met for Section 162(m) funding was not probable.  Accordingly
 in the first quarter of fiscal 2019
$1
$1
&#32;associated with the reversal of previously accrued amounts under the portions of the 2017-2019 LTIP that were dependent on the achievement of pre-determined performance measures of net sales and relative TSR
In the twelve months ended June 30
 2019
&#32;years.  Additionally
June&#160;30
 2019
1
&#32;unvested restricted stock and restricted share units were outstanding under this plan
1
In the twelve months ended June 30
 2019
1
&#32;PSUs to selected individuals hired as employees of the Company
 the achievement of which is dependent upon a defined calculation of relative TSR over the period from November 6
 2018 to November 6
-year&#160;compound annual TSR levels
 which are aligned with the CEO Inducement Grant (defined and discussed further below).  Additionally
The number of PSUs expected to be earned
 based upon the achievement of the TSR market condition
 is factored into the grant date Monte Carlo valuation. Compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the service period
 regardless of the eventual number of PSUs that are earned based upon the market condition
 provided that each grantee remains an employee at the end of the performance period. Compensation expense is reversed if at any time during the service period a grantee is no longer an employee.  With the exception of the April 25
 2019 grant
&#32;year after the vesting date. As such
February&#160;19
1
March&#160;29
April&#160;15
April&#160;25
May&#160;15
1
3
1
Total compensation cost related to these awards recognized in the fiscal year ended June 30
On November 6
 2018
1
1
The number of PSUs expected to be earned
 based upon the achievement of the TSR market condition
-year service period
 regardless of the eventual number of PSUs that are earned based upon the market condition
-year service period Mr. Schiller is no longer an employee
&#32;year after the vesting date. As such
$7
571
Total compensation cost related to this award recognized in the fiscal year ended June 30
$1
On October 27
 2015
&#32;interest in Chop&#8217;t Creative Salad Company LLC (&#8220;Chop&#8217;t&#8221;).  Chop&#8217;t develops and operates fast-casual
 fresh salad restaurants in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic United States.  Chop&#8217;t markets and sells certain of the Company&#8217;s branded products and provides consumer insight and feedback. The investment is being accounted for as an equity method investment due to the Company&#8217;s representation on the Board of Directors. During fiscal 2018
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
 2018
$14
$15
524
 respectively
Level 1 &#8211; Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical
Level 2 &#8211; Quoted prices in markets that are not active
 or inputs which are observable
 either directly or indirectly
Level 3 &#8211; Prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable (i.e.
June&#160;30
1
June&#160;30
1
Contingent consideration
1
1
1
1
&#32;investment in Yeo Hiap Seng Limited
 a food and beverage manufacturer and distributor based in Singapore. Fair value is measured using the market approach based on quoted prices.&#160; The Company utilizes the income approach to measure fair value for its foreign currency forward contracts.&#160; The income approach uses pricing models that rely on market observable inputs such as yield curves
The Company estimates the original fair value of the contingent consideration as the present value of the expected contingent payments
 determined using the weighted probabilities of the possible payments.  The Company reassesses the fair value of contingent payments on a periodic basis.  Although the Company believes its estimates and assumptions are reasonable
 different assumptions
 including those regarding the operating results of the respective businesses
In connection with the acquisitions of Better Bean and Yorkshire Provender during fiscal 2017
$4
&#163;1
In connection with the acquisition of Clarks during fiscal 2018
&#163;1
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
1
2
1
(1
(2
1
June&#160;30
&#32;and 2018
$1
$2
281
 respectively.  The net benefit in the fiscal year ended June 30
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 net
 accounts payable and certain accrued expenses and other current liabilities approximate fair value due to the short-term maturities of these financial instruments.  The Company&#8217;s debt approximates fair value due to the debt bearing fluctuating market interest rates (See Note 11
The Company primarily has exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates relating to certain anticipated cash flows and firm commitments from its international operations. The Company may enter into certain derivative financial instruments
 when available on a cost-effective basis
 to manage such risk. Derivative financial instruments are not used for speculative purposes. The fair value of these derivatives is included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For derivative instruments that qualify as hedges of probable forecasted cash flows
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
$2
&#32;of net assets
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
$41
$20
986
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
&#32;of net assets
June&#160;30
The Company leases office
June&#160;30
19
16
14
13
11
44
118
June&#160;30
 2019
$37
091
$36
$35
153
June&#160;30
 2019
 we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4) of Regulation S-K that have had
 or are likely to have
On August 17
 2016
Flora v. The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
Lynn v. The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
Spadola v. The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
&#32;(the &#8220;Spadola Complaint&#8221; and
 together with the Flora and Lynn Complaints
 the &#8220;Securities Complaints&#8221;). On June 5
 2017
 the court issued an order for consolidation
 appointment of Co-Lead Plaintiffs and approval of selection of co-lead counsel. Pursuant to this order
 the Securities Complaints were consolidated under the caption In re The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. Securities Litigation (the &#8220;Consolidated Securities Action&#8221;)
 and Rosewood Funeral Home and Salamon Gimpel were appointed as Co-Lead Plaintiffs. On June 21
 2017
 the Company received notice that plaintiff Spadola voluntarily dismissed his claims without prejudice to his ability to participate in the Consolidated Securities Action as an absent class member. The Co-Lead Plaintiffs in the Consolidated Securities Action filed a Consolidated Amended Complaint on August 4
 2017 and a Corrected Consolidated Amended Complaint on September 7
 2017 on behalf of a purported class consisting of all persons who purchased or otherwise acquired Hain Celestial securities between November 5
 2013 and February 10
 2017 (the &#8220;Amended Complaint&#8221;). The Amended Complaint named as defendants the Company and certain of its current and former officers (collectively
 &#8220;Defendants&#8221;) and asserted violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 based on allegedly materially false or misleading statements and omissions in public statements
 press releases and SEC filings regarding the Company&#8217;s business
 prospects
 financial results and internal controls. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Amended Complaint on October 3
 2017 which the Court granted on March 29
 2019
 dismissing the case in its entirety
 without prejudice to replead. Co-Lead Plaintiffs filed a Second Amended Consolidated Class Action Complaint on May 6
 2019 (the &#8220;Second Amended Complaint&#8221;). The Second Amended Complaint again names as defendants the Company and certain of its current and former officers and asserts violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 based on allegations similar to those in the Amended Complaint
 including materially false or misleading statements and omissions in public statements
 press releases and SEC filings regarding the Company&#8217;s business
 prospects
 financial results and internal controls. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint on June 20
 2019. Co-Lead Plaintiffs filed an opposition on August 5
 2019
 and Defendants have until September 3
On September 16
 2016
 a stockholder derivative complaint
&#32;Paperny v. Heyer
&#32;(the &#8220;Paperny Complaint&#8221;)
 was filed in New York State Supreme Court in Nassau County against the Board of Directors and certain officers of the Company alleging breach of fiduciary duty
 unjust enrichment
 lack of oversight and corporate waste. On December 2
 2016 and December 29
 2016
(the &#8220;Shakir Complaint&#8221; and
 together with the Paperny Complaint and the Scarola Complaint
 the &#8220;Derivative Complaints&#8221;)
 respectively. Both the Scarola Complaint and the Shakir Complaint alleged breach of fiduciary duty
 lack of oversight and unjust enrichment. On February 16
 2017
(the &#8220;Consolidated Derivative Action&#8221;) in New York State Supreme Court in Nassau County
 ordering the Shakir Complaint as the operative complaint. On November 2
 2017
 the parties agreed to stay the Consolidated Derivative Action. Co-Lead Plaintiffs requested leave to file an amended consolidated complaint
 and on January 14
 2019
 the Court partially lifted the stay
 ordering Co-Lead Plaintiffs to file their amended complaint by March 7
 2019. Co-Lead Plaintiffs filed a Verified Amended Shareholder Derivative Complaint on March 7
 2019. The Court continued the stay pending a decision on Defendants&#8217; motion to dismiss in the Consolidated Securities Action (referenced above). After the Court in the Consolidated Securities Action dismissed the Amended Complaint
 the Court in the Consolidated Derivative Action ordered Co-Lead Plaintiffs to file a second amended complaint no later than July 8
 2019. Co-Lead Plaintiffs filed a Verified Second Amended Shareholder Derivative Complaint on July 8
 2019 (the &#8220;Second Amended Derivative Complaint&#8221;).  Defendants moved to dismiss the Second Amended Derivative Complaint on August 7
 2019. Co-Lead Plaintiffs must file any opposition to Defendants&#8217; motion to dismiss by September 6
 2019
 and Defendants have until September 20
On April 19
 2017 and April 26
 2017
&#32;Silva v. Simon
Barnes v. Simon
(the &#8220;Barnes Complaint&#8221;)
 respectively. Both the Silva Complaint and the Barnes Complaint allege violation of securities law
 breach of fiduciary duty
On May 23
 2017
 an additional stockholder filed a complaint under seal in the Eastern District of New York against the Board of Directors and certain officers of the Company. The complaint alleged that the Company&#8217;s directors and certain officers made materially false and misleading statements in press releases and SEC filings regarding the Company&#8217;s business
 prospects and financial results. The complaint also alleged that the Company violated its by-laws and Delaware law by failing to hold its 2016 Annual Stockholders Meeting and includes claims for breach of fiduciary duty
 unjust enrichment and corporate waste. On August 9
 2017
On August 10
 2017
 the court granted the parties stipulation to consolidate the Barnes Complaint
In re The Hain Celestial Group
(the &#8220;Consolidated Stockholder Class and Derivative Action&#8221;) and to appoint Robbins Arroyo LLP and Scott+Scott as Co-Lead Counsel
 with the Law Offices of Thomas G. Amon as Liaison Counsel for Plaintiffs. On September 14
 2017
Oliver v. Berke
&#32;(the &#8220;Oliver Complaint&#8221;)
 and on October 6
 2017
 the Oliver Complaint was consolidated with the Consolidated Stockholder Class and Derivative Action. The Plaintiffs filed their consolidated amended complaint under seal on October 26
 2017. On December 20
 2017
 the parties agreed to stay Defendants&#8217; time to answer
 move
 or otherwise respond to the consolidated amended complaint through and including 30 days after a decision was rendered on the motion to dismiss the Amended Complaint in the consolidated Consolidated Securities Action
On March 29
 2019
 the Court in the Consolidated Securities Action granted Defendants&#8217; motion
 dismissing the Amended Complaint in its entirety
 without prejudice to replead. Co-Lead Plaintiffs in the Consolidated Securities Action filed a second amended complaint on May 6
 2019. The parties to the Consolidated Stockholder Class and Derivative Action agreed to continue the stay of Defendants&#8217; time to answer
 move
In addition to the litigation described above
 the Company is and may be a defendant in lawsuits from time to time in the normal course of business. While the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty
 the Company believes the reasonably possible losses of such matters
 individually and in the aggregate
 are not material. Additionally
 the Company believes the probable final outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Company&#8217;s consolidated results of operations
 financial position
&#32;days of service.  On an annual basis
 we may
 in our sole discretion
June&#160;30
 2018
$1
$1
367
 respectively
In addition
 while certain of our international subsidiaries maintain separate defined contribution plans for their employees
The Company is managed in seven operating segments: the United States
 United Kingdom
 Tilda
 Ella&#8217;s Kitchen UK
 Europe
 Canada and Hain Ventures (formerly known as Cultivate Ventures).  Beginning in the third quarter ended March 31
 2018
 the Hain Pure Protein operations were classified as discontinued operations as discussed in &#8220;Note 5
.&#8221; Therefore
 segment information presented excludes the results of Hain Pure Protein.  On August 27
 2019
 the Company sold its Tilda business as discussed in &#8220;Note 21
Net sales and operating income are the primary measures used by the Company&#8217;s Chief Operating Decision Maker (&#8220;CODM&#8221;) to evaluate segment operating performance and to decide how to allocate resources to segments. The CODM is the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer. Expenses related to certain centralized administration functions that are not specifically related to an operating segment are included in &#8220;Corporate and Other.&#8221; Corporate and Other expenses are comprised mainly of the compensation and related expenses of certain of the Company&#8217;s senior executive officers and other selected employees who perform duties related to the entire enterprise
 as well as expenses for certain professional fees
 facilities and other items which benefit the Company as a whole. Additionally
 Project Terra costs and other
 along with accounting review and remediation costs
 are included in &#8220;Corporate and Other.&#8221; Expenses that are managed centrally
 but can be attributed to a segment
 such as employee benefits and certain facility costs
Fiscal Years Ended June 30
1
009
1
084
1
107
885
938
851
407
434
383
2
302
2
457
2
343
23
86
145
52
56
51
32
38
32
109
181
229
(123
(74
(119
(14
106
109
423
 
June&#160;30
 2019
 
 respectively
 which were primarily related to the United States and United Kingdom segments. A second customer accounted for approximately
 
June&#160;30
 2019
 
 respectively
June&#160;30
 2019
$30
&#32;of Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
 net
$28
$4
June&#160;30
$17
$11
&#32;related to the United States segment
$2
$3
$4
June&#160;30
 2018
$10
$9
&#32;of accounting review and remediation costs
June&#160;30
$5
$5
June&#160;30
 2017
$29
$10
June&#160;30
$14
$7
$6
$26
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
1
709
1
842
1
743
298
302
312
178
196
176
115
116
110
2
302
2
457
2
343
The Company&#8217;s net sales by geographic region
 which are generally based on the location of the Company&#8217;s subsidiary
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
1
057
1
144
1
167
885
938
851
359
374
324
2
302
2
457
2
343
The Company&#8217;s long-lived assets
 which primarily represent net property
 plant and equipment
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
115
99
173
174
87
86
376
360
A summary of the Company&#8217;s consolidated quarterly results of operations is as follows.  The sum of the net income per share from continuing operations for each of the four quarters may not equal the net income per share for the full year
 as presented
June 30
March 31
December 31
September 30
557
599
584
560
106
125
114
99
23
(15
(24
(8
13
(24
(32
(7
10
(29
(23
Net loss from discontinued operations
(5
(75
(37
(14
(13
(65
(66
(37
June&#160;30
$4
$3
$5
$4
&#32;net of tax) non-cash impairment charges in the United Kingdom and United States
 respectively
 primarily associated with a write down of the value of certain machinery and equipment no longer in use
 some of which was used to manufacture certain slow moving SKUs that were discontinued.  Additionally
$10
$7
Net loss from discontinued operations in the quarter ended March 31
$40
$29
&#32;net of tax)
$51
$37
&#32;net of tax)
 each as a component of net loss on discontinued operations
The quarter ended December 31
$10
$7
&#32;net of tax) of Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
 net
&#32;net of tax) related to professional fees associated with our internal accounting review and the independent review by the Audit Committee and other related matters
$17
$13
$54
$40
The quarter ended September 30
$19
$14
&#32;net of tax) of Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
 net
$3
$2
&#32;net of tax) related to professional fees associated with our internal accounting review and the independent review by the Audit Committee and other related matters
$4
$3
$2
$2
June 30
March 31
December 31
September 30
619
632
616
589
125
133
133
123
16
29
30
29
5
24
25
26
(4
25
43
18
Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
(65
(12
3
1
(69
12
47
19
The quarter ended June&#160;30
$7
$5
&#32;net of tax) in the Hain Ventures (formerly known as Cultivate Ventures) operating segment
$5
$5
&#32;net of tax) related to indefinite-lived intangible assets (trade names)
&#32;net of tax) impairment charge primarily related to the closure of manufacturing facilities in the United States.  Additionally
 the quarter ended June&#160;30
$2
$1
&#32;net of tax) related to professional fees associated with our internal accounting review and remediation costs
 net of insurance proceeds. Net loss from discontinued operations in the quarter ended June&#160;30
$78
$52
&#32;net of tax) to adjust the carrying value of Hain Pure Protein to its fair value
The quarter ended March 31
$2
$2
&#32;net of tax) primarily related to the closure of a manufacturing facility of certain soup products in the United Kingdom
$2
$1
&#32;net of tax) related to the discontinuation of additional slow moving SKUs in the United States as part of an ongoing product rationalization initiative. Additionally
 the quarter ended March 30
$3
$2
The quarter ended December 31
$3
$2
&#32;net of tax) related to the closure of a facility in the United States
$4
$3
The quarter ended September 30
$3
$2
$5
$3
On August 27
 2019
 the Company and Ebro Foods S.A. (the &#8220;Purchaser&#8221;) entered into
 and consummated the transactions contemplated by
 an Agreement relating to the sale and purchase of the Tilda operating segment and certain other assets (the &#8220;Sale and Purchase Agreement&#8221;). Under the Sale and Purchase Agreement
$342
&#32;in cash
 subject to customary post-closing adjustments based on the balance sheets of the Tilda business.  The other assets sold in the transaction consist of raw materials
 consumables
 packaging
The Sale and Purchase Agreement contains representations
 warranties and covenants that are customary for a transaction of this nature. The Company also entered into certain ancillary agreements with the Purchaser and certain of the Tilda Group Entities in connection with the Sale and Purchase Agreement
 including a transitional services agreement pursuant to which the Company and the Purchaser will provide transitional services to one another
Our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules&#160;13a-15(e)&#160;and 15d-15(e)&#160;under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 as amended (the &#8220;Exchange Act&#8221;)) are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded
 processed
 summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules&#160;and forms of the Securities and Exchange Commission and to ensure that information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to management
 including our principal executive and financial officers
 to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure.&#160; Any controls and procedures
 no matter how well designed and operated
 can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives.  The Chief Executive Officer (&#8220;CEO&#8221;) and the Chief Financial Officer (&#8220;CFO&#8221;)
 with assistance from other members of management
 have reviewed the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of&#160;June&#160;30
 2019 and
 based on their evaluation
 have concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of June 30
The Company&#8217;s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting
The Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the Company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of the Company&#8217;s management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any&#160;evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
Under the supervision
 and with&#160;the participation
 of our management
 including the&#160;CEO and CFO
 we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting&#160;as of June 30
 2019.  In making this assessment
 management used the criteria established in&#160;Internal Control-Integrated Framework&#160;(2013)&#160;issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (&#8220;COSO&#8221;).  Based on this assessment
 management
 including our CEO and CFO
 has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of June 30
The effectiveness of the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting as of June 30
 2019 has been audited by Ernst &amp; Young LLP
 an independent registered public accounting firm
The Company concluded that the material weakness identified in the 2018 Form 10-K
 surrounding controls over the accumulation
 transmission and recording in the general ledger of the physical count results in North America
 as well as the documentation evidencing review of certain inventory reserves
During the quarter ended June 30
 2019
The development of a more comprehensive physical inventory risk and control framework
 that resulted in additional internal controls being added to ensure the completeness and accuracy of inventory uploads to the general ledger
Enhanced communication among operations personnel and the Company-owned and third party locations holding the vast majority of our inventory. Formal letters of understanding detailing protocols governing the timing
 physical count procedures
Standardization of processes performed by operations personnel to verify completeness and accuracy of information
Except for the foregoing
 there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended June 30
 2019 that has materially affected
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect
The Company&#8217;s management
 including the Company&#8217;s CEO and CFO
 recognizes that the Company&#8217;s disclosure controls and procedures and the Company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting cannot prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system
 regardless of how well conceived and operated
 can provide only reasonable
 not absolute
Judgments in decision-making can be faulty
Controls can be circumvented by individuals
 acting alone or in collusion with each other
The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events
Over time
Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems
 no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance&#160;that all control issues and instances of fraud
 if any
The Hain Celestial Group
We have audited The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. and subsidiaries&#8217; internal control over financial reporting as of June 30
 2019
 based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion
 The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company) maintained
 in all material respects
 effective internal control over financial reporting as of June 30
 2019
We also have audited
 in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB)
 the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of June 30
 2019 and 2018
 the related consolidated statements of operations
 comprehensive income (loss)
 stockholders&#8217; equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended June 30
 2019
 and the related notes and schedule (collectively referred to as the &#8220;consolidated financial statements&#8221;) and our report dated August 29
Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting
 assessing the risk that a material weakness exists
 testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk
A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company&#8217;s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that
 in reasonable detail
 accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
 and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition
 use
Because of its inherent limitations
 internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
Jericho
August&#160;29
On August 27
 2019
 the Company and Ebro Foods S.A. (the &#8220;Purchaser&#8221;) entered into
 and consummated the transactions contemplated by
 an agreement relating to the sale and purchase of the Tilda Group Entities and certain other assets (the &#8220;Sale and Purchase Agreement&#8221;). Under the Sale and Purchase Agreement
 the Company sold the entities comprising its Tilda basmati and specialty rice business (the &#8220;Tilda Group Entities&#8221;) and certain other assets of the Tilda business to the Purchaser for an aggregate price of $342 million in cash
The Tilda Group Entities included in the transaction are: (1) Tilda Limited
 a company organized under the laws of England and Wales; (2) Tilda Rice Limited
 a company organized under the laws of England and Wales; (3) Tilda International DMCC
 a company organized under the laws of Dubai
 United Arab Emirates; (4) Tilda Hain India Private Limited
 a company organized under the laws of India; and (5) Brand Associates Limited
 a company organized under the laws of the Isle of Man. The other assets sold in the transaction consist of raw materials
 consumables
 packaging
The Sale and Purchase Agreement contains representations
 warranties and covenants that are customary for a transaction of this nature. The Company also entered into certain ancillary agreements with the Purchaser and certain of the Tilda Group Entities in connection with the Sale and Purchase Agreement
 including a transitional services agreement pursuant to which the Company and the Purchaser will provide transitional services to one another
The foregoing summary of the Sale and Purchase Agreement does not purport to be complete and is subject to
 and qualified in its entirety by
 the full text of the Sale and Purchase Agreement
Other than with respect to the sale of the Tilda Group Entities
 no material relationship exists between the Company and the Purchaser (or any of their affiliates
On August 26
 2019
 Michael McGuinness
 the Company&#8217;s Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer
 informed the Company of his intention to resign from his position with the Company
 effective August 30
 2019
 to pursue another opportunity. James Langrock
 the Company&#8217;s Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
 will assume the responsibilities of principal accounting officer of the Company on an interim basis until the Company names a successor to Mr. McGuinness. For biographical information regarding Mr. Langrock
 see the Company&#8217;s Definitive Proxy Statement for the Company&#8217;s 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
 filed with the SEC on October 29
Item 10.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Directors
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
Item 13.&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;&#160;Certain Relationships and Related Transactions
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
.  The following consolidated financial statements of The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. are filed as part of this report under Part II
Consolidated Balance Sheets - June 30
Consolidated Statements of Operations - Fiscal Years ended June 30
 2019
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income - Fiscal Years ended June 30
 2019
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#8217; Equity - Fiscal Years ended June 30
 2019
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Fiscal Years ended June 30
 2019
.  The following financial statement schedule should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements included in Part II
 Item 8
 of this Annual Report on Form&#160;10-K.&#160; All other financial schedules are not required under the related instructions
The Hain Celestial Group
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
2
(1
(1
20
17
(3
34
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
1
1
(1
2
20
1
(1
20
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
1
1
21
1
(2
20
.  The exhibits filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are listed on the Exhibit Index immediately following Item 16. &#8220;Form 10-K Summary
Agreement relating to the sale and purchase of the Tilda Group Entities and certain other assets dated August 27
 2019
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Amendment No. 1 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on April 24
Certificate of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2(b) of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 26
The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. Amended and Restated By-Laws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 7
Specimen of common stock certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of Amendment No. 1 to the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC on April 24
Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated February 6
 2018
 among the Company
 Hain Pure Protein Corporation
 certain other wholly-owned Subsidiaries of the Company
 Bank of America
 N.A.
 as Administrative Agent
 U.S. Swing Line Lender and L/C Issuer
 Bank of America Merrill Lynch International Limited and Bank of America
 N.A.
 Canada Branch
 as Global Swing Line Lenders
 Wells Fargo Bank
 N.A. and Citizens Bank
 N.A.
 as Co-Syndication Agents
 Farm Credit East
 ACA and JP Morgan Chase Bank
 N.A.
 as Co-Documentation Agents
 and the other lenders party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 12
First Amendment to Third Amendment and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated November 7
 2018
 by and among the Company
 Hain Pure Protein Corporation
 certain wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company party thereto from time to time
 and Bank of America
 N.A. as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 8
Second Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated February 6
 2019
 by and among the Company
 Hain Pure Protein Corporation
 certain wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company party thereto from time to time
 and Bank of America
 N.A.
 as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 7
Third Amendment to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement
 dated May 8
 2019
 by and among the Company
 certain wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company party thereto from time to time
 the Lenders party thereto and Bank of America
 N.A.
 as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 9
Security and Pledge Agreement
 dated May 8
 2019
 by and among the Company
 certain wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company party thereto from time to time
 and Bank of America
 N.A.
 as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 9
The Hain Celestial Group
Form of Restricted Stock Agreement under the Company&#8217;s Amended and Restated 2002 Long Term Incentive and Stock Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on April 7
Form of Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock Award under the Company&#8217;s Amended and Restated 2002 Long Term Incentive and Stock Award Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on April 7
Form of Performance Unit Agreement with the Company&#8217;s executive officers under the Company&#8217;s Amended and Restated 2002 Long Term Incentive and Stock Award Plan (2019-2021 Long Term Incentive Plan) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31
 2019
 filed with the SEC on May 9
The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. Inducement Grant Performance Units Agreement
 dated November 6
 2018
 between the Company and Mark L. Schiller (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on November 6
The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. 2019 Equity Inducement Award Program (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on February 19
Form of Inducement Award Agreement under The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. 2019 Equity Inducement Award Program (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31
 2019
 filed with the SEC on May 9
The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. 2015-2019 Executive Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 26
Employment Agreement
 dated as of October 26
 2018
 by and between the Company and Mark L. Schiller (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 29
Offer Letter
 dated June 22
 2017
 between the Company and James M. Langrock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 of the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30
 2017
 filed with the SEC on September 13
Offer Letter
 dated January 3
 2019
 between the Company and Christopher Boever (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31
 2019
 filed with the SEC on May 9
Offer Letter
 dated May 2
 2019
Employment Agreement between the Company and Irwin D. Simon
 dated July 1
 2003 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30
 2003
 filed with the SEC on November 14
Amendment to Employment Agreement between the Company and Irwin D. Simon
 dated as of December 31
 2008 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 7
Amendment to Employment Agreement between the Company and Irwin D. Simon
 dated as of July 1
 2009 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 2
Amendment to Employment Agreement between the Company and Irwin D. Simon
 dated as of June 30
 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 6
Amendment to Employment Agreement between the Company and Irwin D. Simon
 dated November 2
 2012 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 2
Amendment to Employment Agreement between the Company and Irwin D. Simon dated September 23
 2014 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 29
Succession Agreement dated as of June&#160;24
 2018
 by and between the Company and Irwin D. Simon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 25
Consulting Agreement between the Company and Irwin D. Simon dated October 26
 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended December 31
 2018
 filed with the SEC on February 7
Separation Agreement
 dated as of January 16
 2019
 between the Company and Gary Tickle (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31
 2019
 filed with the SEC on May 9
Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30
 2017
 filed with the SEC on November 7
Form of Confidentiality
 Non-Interference
 and Invention Assignment Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Company&#8217;s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31
 2019
 filed with the SEC on May 9
Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
Certification by CEO pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&#160;1350
Certification by CFO pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section&#160;1350
The following materials from the Company&#8217;s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended June 30
 2019
 formatted in eXtensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets
 (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income
 (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income
 (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Stockholders&#8217; Equity
 (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
 (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
The agreements and other documents filed as exhibits to this report are not intended to provide factual information or other disclosure other than with respect to the terms of the agreements or other documents themselves
 and you should not rely on them for that purpose. In particular
Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned
THE HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP
August&#160;29
Mark L. Schiller
President
August&#160;29
James Langrock
Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
President
August&#160;29
August&#160;29
August&#160;29
August 29
August&#160;29
August&#160;29
August&#160;29
August&#160;29
August&#160;29
 2019














		


(1)&#160;THE HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP
PAYMENTS
THE HAIN CELESTIAL GROUP
 INC.
&#32;a company incorporated and registered in Delaware
 USA with company file number 2336999 which has its registered office at 1111 Marcus Avenue
 Lake Success
 New York 11042
 USA (
 a company incorporated and registered in Spain with ISIN number&#160;ES0112501012 which has its registered office at Paseo de la Castellana 20
The Seller has agreed to sell or procure the sale of
 and the Purchaser has agreed to purchase
Tilda International DMCC
for Tilda Limited
for Tilda Hain India Private Limited
&#32;means any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with this agreement
&#32;means this agreement
 the Disclosure Letter
 the TSA
 the India BTA
 the UAE BTA
 the Agreed Form documents and any other documents to be delivered on Completion;
 in relation to a document
&#32;means a supra&#8209;national
 national or sub&#8209;national authority
 commission
 department
 agency
&#32;means the manufacture
 sale and distribution of rice food products (including rice bran oil) in each case sold under the 'Tilda'
 'Akash'
&#32;(other than in clause&#160;23) means any day other than a Saturday or Sunday on which commercial banks are open for general business in London
means all of the stock of the Business owned by the relevant Hain Seller relating to Canada
 and (without detracting from the generality of the foregoing) being principally located at 400 Matheson Boulevard West
 Mississauga
 Ontario
 260 Rexdale Blvd
 Etobicoke
 ON M9W 1R2
 Canada and 48TH Street
 Calgary
 AB T2C 3J7
&#32;means: any cash at bank
 in hand or in transit (including any accrued interest)
 as per the reconciled cash book
 and any cash equivalents (such as liquid or easily realisable stocks
 shares
 bonds
 bills or similar securities)
 net of any costs
 deductions or withholdings applicable on use
 owned by the Target Group Entities as at the Effective Time and as determined in accordance with schedule&#160;6
 but excluding Trapped Cash (and for the avoidance of doubt
&#32;means the statements to be prepared and agreed
&#32;means the invoice discounting facility between Tilda Limited and the Royal Bank of Scotland dated 11&#160;April&#160;2018
 the short term loan facility between HSBC Bank Middle East Limited and Tilda International DMCC dated 4&#160;November 2018
&#32;all laws (whether of the UK or any other jurisdiction) relating to the use
 protection and privacy of Personal Data (including
 without limitation
all interest and non-interest bearing loans or other financing liabilities or obligations
 including any intercompany balances in respect of the same payable by any Target Group Entity to the Seller Group and any bank debt
 overdrafts
 credit facilities
all liabilities under any bonds
 notes
 debentures or loan stock and other similar instruments
all liabilities in relation to any letter of credit
any obligations in respect of dividends declared or other distributions payable but in each case not yet paid
the market value of interest rate swaps or other financial derivatives to the extent such swaps or derivatives are terminated
all liabilities (whether conditional or unconditional
 present or future) arising from any transactions related to the assignment or securitisation of receivables for financing purposes to any third party
any liabilities specifically required to be included in Debt by the specific policies set out in part&#160;4 of schedule&#160;6
together with all interest
 fees
 premium
 expenses and penalties accrued thereon prior to the Effective Time
 and any prepayment premiums or penalties payable in order to retire or extinguish any Debt (other than the Continuing Facilities) at its redemption value
 but excluding (i)&#160;any of the foregoing that exist between Target Group Entitles
 (ii)&#160;any amount involved in calclating Working Capital and (iii)&#160;any unamortised debt issuance costs
 in each case as at the Effective Time and as determined in accordance with schedule&#160;6 (and for the avoidance of doubt
&#32;means any actual or potential demand
&#32;means the letter of the same date as this agreement from the Seller to the Purchaser relating to the Warranties
&#32;means &lt;haintildaindia.com&gt;
 &lt;tilda.ca&gt;
 &lt;tildabasmati.ca&gt;
 tildacanada.ca&gt;
&#32;means any mortgage
 charge
 pledge
&#32;means all or any part of the air (including the air within buildings and man&#8209;made or natural structures above or below ground)
&#32;means any consent
 permission
 licence
&#32;means all laws relating to the protection
means all of the stock of the Business owned by the relevant Hain Seller relating to Europe
Wernicke Spedition GmbH D19061 Schwerin
Transporte &amp; Logistik Theurer Gmbh
 D19077 L&#252;besse
Katoen Natie
 BE9042 Desteldonk
 Ghent
Rhein Sieg Werkst&#228;tten
 D53840 Troisdorf
Schoeller Industrielogistik GmbH
 D52382 Niederzier
Ritter Trans
 A7410 Loipersdorf
means disclosed to the Purchaser in or by means of the Disclosed Information
&#32;means all applicable laws and regulatory codes of practice in force at the date of this agreement which relate to food safety
 content and/or hygiene (including those concerning food production
 processing
 storage
 handling
&#32;means the Seller
&#32;means any natural or artificial substance (whether solid
 liquid or a gas)
 noise
 ion
 vapour
 electromagnetic charge or radiation
 whether alone or in combination
 which is capable of causing harm to or having a deleterious effect on the Environment
 or human health
&#32;means the body of pronouncements issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB)
 including International Financial Reporting Standards and interpretations approved by the IASB
&#32;means any right which the Purchaser Group has or becomes entitled to (whether under any insurance policy or by way of payment
 discount
 credit
 set&#8209;off
 claim
 counterclaim
rights in patents
 registered designs
 copyrights
 database rights
 design rights
 trade marks
 service marks
 trade names
 business names
 brand names
 get&#8209;up
 recipes
 product formulations
 logos
&#32;means any judgment
 order
 decree
 award
 ruling or decision from any court
&#32;means the management accounts of Tilda Limited
 Tilda Hain Private Limited and Tilda International DMCC for the period from the Accounts Date to 30&#160;June&#160;2019
&#32;means any pension
 allowance
 lump sum or other similar benefit on death
 disability
 retirement or termination of employment (whether voluntary or not) for the benefit of any of the Target Group Entities' employees
)
in each case aggregated from the Management Accounts and including the net working capital associated with the trading of Stock (in the case of the Pro-forma Net Assets) and after the elimination of intercompany sales
&#32;means each or any of (a)&#160;the Purchaser
 any holding company of the Purchaser for the time being
 and any company which for the time being is a subsidiary of the Purchaser or of any such holding company
 and (b)&#160;with effect from Completion
&#32;or
 in the case of any member of the Purchaser Group
&#32;means any right which the Purchaser Group has or becomes entitled to (whether under any insurance policy or by way of payment
 discount
 credit
 set&#8209;off
 claim
 counterclaim
&#32;means
 in relation to any person
 its directors
 officers
 employees
 legal
 accounting
 financial and other advisers
 consultants
&#32;means each or any of the Seller and any company which is a subsidiary of the Seller from time to time
&#32;or
 in the case of any member of the Seller Group
&#32;means DLA Piper UK LLP of 160&#160;Aldersgate Street
&#32;means an employee of any Target Entity whose basic salary is in excess of $95
1
520
480
61
59
7
009
&#32;means an individual Warranty Claim in relation to which the liability of the Seller (excluding interest and costs) does not exceed $100
&#32;means the Canadian Stock
 the European Stock and the US Stock
Hain Celestial Europe NV
 Mona Naturprodukte GmbH
Hain Celestial Canada
 ULC
the Seller
means the subsidiaries of the Target Entities
 details of which are set out in part&#160;3 of schedule&#160;1
means any local
 national
 supranational
 state
 governmental or quasi-governmental agency
 body
 department
 board
 official or entity exercising regulatory or supervisory authority pursuant to any Data Protection Laws
&#32;means an amount of &#163;70
000
&#32;means the warranties given by the Seller in paragraphs&#160;1 (Title and capacity)
 2&#160;(Share capital) and 3 (Interests in other companies
&#32;means any Cash which is not freely usable (in the case of cash equivalents only
 within 48&#160;hours) by the Target Group Entities because it is subject to restrictions or limitations on use or distribution under law
 contract or otherwise
 including without limitation
 restrictions on dividends and repatriations or any other form of restriction
means all of the stock of the Business owned by the relevant Hain Seller relating to the United States of America
 and (without detracting from the generality of the foregoing) being principally located at 401 Doremusave
 Newark
 NJ
 USA 07114
 7248 Industrial Blvd
 Allentown
 PA
 USA 18106
 5140 East Santa Ana St
 Ontario
 CA
 USA 91761 and 14908 Gougar Rd
 Lockport
&#32;means the Title Warranties
&#32;means those items designated as working capital in column&#160;3 of part&#160;3 of schedule&#160;6 and
 for the avoidance of doubt
 items included in Cash or Debt shall not be included in Working Capital. 
 
 
&#32;have the meanings given to them in the Companies Act 2006; but
 for the purposes of section&#160;1159(1) of the Companies Act 2006
 a company shall be treated as a member of another company if any shares in that other company are registered in the name of either (a)&#160;a person by way of security (where the company has provided the security) or (b)&#160;a person as nominee for the company; and
&#32;means including
In this agreement (unless the context requires otherwise)
any gender includes all genders
 the singular includes the plural (and vice versa)
 and a person includes an individual
 body corporate
 association
 partnership
 firm
(any professional firm or company includes any firm or company effectively succeeding to the whole
 or substantially the whole
(a specific statute or statutory provision is to that statute or provision as in force at the date of this agreement
In this agreement (unless the context requires otherwise)
The contents list
&#32;means that
 when
 but only to the extent that
) is subject to a deduction or withholding required by Law in respect of Tax or is chargeable to any Tax in the hands of the recipient
 such amount shall be increased so as to ensure that
the amount of Tax required to be deducted or withheld from
 and the Tax chargeable on
any Relief (as defined in schedule&#160;3) (other than a Corresponding Relief (as defined in schedule&#160;3)) which is available to the indemnified party or the recipient of the Payment solely as a result of the matter or thing giving rise to the Payment Obligation
 receiving the Payment or the deduction or withholding in question
Subject to the terms of this agreement
 the Seller shall sell
 or shall procure the sale of
The Seller waives any right of pre-emption or other restriction on transfer in respect of the Shares (or any of them) or the Stock (or any of it)
 whether conferred under the articles of association of any of the Target Entities (or any other agreement
 arrangement or understanding
$342
000
&#32;an amount equal to any shortfall in the Working Capital below the Target Working Capital
For the purposes of clause&#160;3.1(a)(ii) to 3.1(a)(iv)
 Cash
$9
549
$15
960
$6
176
857 in respect of Stock
$313
313
743 in respect of the shares in Tilda Limited
The Purchaser shall pay $345
000
Within five&#160;Business Days of the agreement
if the Consideration exceeds the Completion Payment
if the Consideration is less than the Completion Payment
Any adjusting payment made in accordance with this clause&#160;3.4 shall be converted (to the extent expressed in Pounds Sterling for the purposes of the Completion Statements) into dollars at the relevant exchange rate prevailing at the close of business on the Business Day immediately preceding the date of payment
 as shown in the London edition of the Financial Times
Without prejudice to the Purchaser's rights pursuant to paragraph&#160;2.9 of part 1 of schedule&#160;3 to this agreement
 the Purchaser will not withhold any amount from any part of the Consideration apportioned in respect of Tax
Any payment by the Seller in respect of any Warranty Claim or claims under the Tax Covenant shall
 to the extent legally possible
Following the final determination of the Completion Statements in accordance with schedule&#160;6
 to the extent that there remain outstanding any amounts owing to or from any Target Group Entity to or from any member of the Seller Group which constitute Debt
the Purchaser has the legal right
this agreement and each other Acquisition Document to which the Purchaser is or will be party constitutes
 or will when executed constitute
 legal
require the consent
The Purchaser undertakes that between Completion and the close of business on the Completion Date
 it will not
 and shall procure that the Target Group Entities will not
shall not make any claim against (and waives any claim it may have against)
Any Warranty qualified by a reference (however expressed) to the knowledge or awareness of the Seller shall be limited to the actual knowledge or awareness of Umesh Parmar
 Bob Bailie
 Paul French
 Rajnish Ohri
 Hrishikesh Ahluwalia
 Beena Goldenberg and Wolfgang Goldenitsch
 each such person being deemed to have made reasonable enquiries in respect of the Warranties
 and the Seller shall not be required to make any enquiry of any other person
 nor shall the Seller be deemed to have any other actual
Save in the case of fraud or fraudulent concealment
shall not make any claim against (and waives any claim it may have against)
the Target Group Entities in respect of any misrepresentation
The Seller shall cooperate with the Purchaser in respect of any voluntary notifications to or enquires received from any anti-trust authorities following Completion. If any such authorities request of the Purchaser and/or the Seller (or any person acting on its behalf of it) information in relation to this agreement or the transactions contemplated by this agreement
 then the Seller shall respond promptly (on behalf of itself only) to the request for information in respect of information requested from the Seller (and provide such information). The Seller will consult with the Purchaser to the extent permitted by applicable law as soon as reasonably practicable upon receipt of any such request and maintain continuing close cooperation with the Purchaser in relation to contacts with such authorities. So far as it is permitted by applicable law
 the Seller agrees to provide the Purchaser (or its advisers) with all information that the Purchaser (or its advisers) may reasonably request relating to the Seller or any member of the Seller Group or
 to the extent available to the Seller
 the Business during the period in which it was under the Seller's ownership or control. For the avoidance of doubt
The liability of the Seller under or in respect of any Claim shall be limited by
 and all Claims shall be dealt with in accordance with
The Seller covenants with the Purchaser that it shall not (and it shall procure that each other member of the Seller Group shall not) for a period of 2 years after Completion carry on or be engaged in or be concerned or interested in any business whose principal business is the manufacture
 sale or distribution of standalone dry
 individual
 quick frozen or 'ready to heat' regular
 parboiled
 basmati
 jasmine or wild rice in any territory which the Target Group Entities currently sell standalone dry
 individual quick frozen or 'ready to heat' regular
 parboiled
 basmati
 jasmine or wild rice
 save if
 and only to the extent that
 the Seller Group carries on or is engaged in or is concerned or interested in or has relevant product lines in any such business (excluding the Target Group Entities) as at the Completion Date
The Seller covenants with the Purchaser that it shall not (and it shall procure that each other member of the Seller Group shall not) for a period of 2 years after Completion approach
 canvass
 solicit
Nothing in clause&#160;8.2 shall prohibit any member of the Seller Group from employing any person who responds to a recruitment advertisement or whose employment with the Purchaser Group has been terminated
immediately prior to Completion to withdraw from or cease to do business with
 or to materially reduce the amount of business it transacts with
The Seller agrees that the restrictions contained in this clause&#160;8 are no greater than is reasonable and necessary for the protection of the interest of the Purchaser but if any such restrictions shall be held to be void but would be valid if deleted in part or reduced in application
&#32;means the person making the announcement or disclosing or using the information; and
 for the purposes of clause&#160;9.6(a)
&#32;means (a)&#160;when the discloser is a member of the Purchaser Group
 the Seller; or (b)&#160;when the discloser is the Seller
Other than the Announcements
 no party shall
 and each party shall procure that its group shall not
 at any time issue
 or procure the issue of
 any press release
The Seller shall not
 and shall procure that
 the Seller Group shall not
 at any time after Completion disclose to any person
 or use for its own benefit
Each party shall and shall procure that its group and its Representatives shall
the provisions and subject matter of
 and the negotiations relating to
all confidential information of the other party or its group (as such group is constituted immediately before Completion) received by it as a result of negotiating
 entering into or performing this agreement
Clauses&#160;9.2
with the prior written consent of the Relevant Party
which is required by any law
 Judgment
 Authority or securities exchange (including
 any filings required by the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or the Spanish Comisi&#243;n Nacional del Mercado de Valores
 including filing of any material transaction documents); provided that
that is consistent in all material respects with the Announcements
Clauses&#160;9.3 and 9.4 shall not restrict the disclosure or use of information if
disclosure is made on a strictly confidential and need to know basis by the discloser to (a)&#160;its group; or (b)&#160;any of its or their Representatives
 insurers
 pension trustees
the information (i)&#160;was properly and lawfully in the possession of the relevant party (or such member) before the time that it was disclosed by or acquired from the other party (or any other member of its group) or its advisers
 or (ii)&#160;was not acquired in any way
 directly or indirectly
 from the other party (or any other member of its group) or its advisers
affect either party's accrued rights (including the right to claim any remedy for breach or non&#8209;performance)
Subject to clause&#160;10.2
 the Purchaser shall not use
 and shall procure that the Purchaser Group shall not use
 at any time after Completion
any company or trading name
 domain name
 logo or trade or service mark (whether registered or unregistered) which includes the words Hain and/or The Hain Celestial Group or is owned by the Seller Group (together
websites and all assets owned or used by the Target Group Entities (excluding products and packaging manufactured before the Completion Date but including products and packaging manufactured after the Completion Date
 marketing materials
 business stationery
 business cards
 emails
 purchase orders
 letterheads
 invoices and other communications and documents which are in possession or control of the Target Group Entities and premises)
products and packaging manufactured before the Completion Date
promptly following the Completion Date
The Purchaser shall indemnify on an After-Tax Basis the Seller and each other member of the Seller Group against any loss arising or accruing in connection with products manufactured for the Business by the Purchaser or the Target Group Entities after the Completion Date
Subject to clause&#160;11.2
 the Seller shall not use
 and shall procure that the Seller Group shall not use
 at any time after Completion
any company or trading name
 domain name
 logo or trade or service mark (whether registered or unregistered) which includes the words Tilda
 Akash
 Noorani or Abushmagh or is owned by the Purchaser Group (together
websites and all customer-facing assets owned or used by any member of the Seller Group (excluding products and packaging manufactured before the Completion Date but including products and packaging manufactured after the Completion Date
 marketing materials
 business stationery
 business cards
 emails
 purchase orders
 letterheads
 invoices and other communications and documents which are in possession or control of any member of the Seller Group and their premises)
products and packaging manufactured before the Completion Date
promptly following the Completion Date
In this clause&#160;12
any penalty payment made by Tilda International DMCC to the UAE Federal Tax Authority relating to its failure prior to Completion to properly charge
the detection of mouldy rice grains in Silo&#160;9 at the Pakistani basmati rice storage facility located at Coldharbour Lane
 Rainham
 Essex
the presence of isoprothiolane at a level above the general maximum residue limit in Canada (of 0.1 &#181;g/g) in respect of certain specific 'Tilda Pure Original Basmati Rice' products
Subject to clauses&#160;12.5 and 12.9 and
 in relation to clause&#160;12.1(d)
 to clause 12.10
 and to the Purchaser's compliance with the provisions of clauses&#160;12.3
 12.4
 12.6 and 12.8
 the Seller undertakes to the Purchaser that it shall
in relation to the matter set out in clause&#160;12.1(a)
 the amount of the damages
 costs
 actions
 awards
 penalties
 fines
 proceedings
 claims
 demands
in relation to the matter set out in clause&#160;12.1(b)
the value of any rice stock in Silo&#160;9 which is determined to be unsaleable and subsequently discarded
liabilities
 costs or expenses (including reasonable and properly incurred legal and other professional fees and expenses) which the Purchaser Group actually incurs and arising directly as a result of any product recall required
in each case in respect of the matter set out in clause&#160;12.1(c)
 but only to the extent that such fine
any costs
 liabilities and expenses (including reasonable and properly incurred legal and other professional fees and expenses) which the Purchaser Group incurs arising from remedial actions taken with respect to the removal
 testing
in relation to the matter set out in clause&#160;12.1(d)
 any fine or penalty levied by the Canadian Food Inspection Agency against a Target Group Entity and any liabilities
 costs or expenses (including reasonable and properly incurred legal and other professional fees and expenses) which the Purchaser Group actually incurs arising directly as a result of any product recall required in respect of the matter set out in clause&#160;12.1(d)
The parties acknowledge that there are on&#8209;going disputes related to the Indemnified Matters in clauses&#160;12.1(a) and 12.1(b) and following Completion the Seller or one of its Affiliates shall be permitted to retain sole conduct of any legal action
 discussion
 dispute
 negotiation or proceedings in respect of the Indemnified Matters and the Purchaser shall and shall procure the Purchaser Group shall take all such actions as the Seller requests in writing to support in assessing
 defending
 mitigating
In respect of the Indemnified Matter in clause&#160;12.1(c)
consult with the Seller and take all such actions as the Seller may reasonably request in respect of any remedial actions contemplated with respect to the removal
 testing
 washing or clean-up of any raw materials or equipment within Silo 9 or Silo 9 itself
 and shall notify the Seller in advance of
 and permit a representative of the Seller's Group to be present for
 any inspections
)
 and then only to the extent that recovery against such policies has not been made. For the purposes of this clause&#160;12.5 'best endeavours' shall not extend to taking legal action to recover any sum from an insurer where
 beyond a reasonable doubt
The Purchaser shall
in relation to the matters set out in clauses&#160;12.1(c) and 12.1(d)
in assessing
 defending
 mitigating
 settling or reaching compromise on any claim
 demand
 action
 award
 penalty
to appeal against any fine or penalty levied or any ruling
 award
not admit liability in relation to
 nor cease to defend
 settle or compromise
preserve all documents
 records
 correspondence
during normal business hours and on reasonable notice
allow the Seller and its Representatives to have access to the Retained Information
 its premises and assets
in relation to the insurance policies of the Target Group Entities that are in place at Completion and under which recovery may be made in respect of any of the Indemnified Matters
 maintain such insurance policies
 or policies that provide an equivalent level of cover
not withdraw
 settle or compromise any relevant Indemnity Recovery Claim without the prior written consent of the Seller
) and the Purchaser Group subsequently recovers from a third party any sum in respect of any corresponding Indemnity Recovery Claim
the UAE Federal Tax Authority in relation to any matter directly or indirectly relating to the matter set out in clause&#160;12.1(b)
Notwithstanding any other term of this agreement
 the aggregate liability of the Seller in respect of claims in relation to the matter set out in clause&#160;12.2(c)(i)
 shall not exceed an amount equal to the value ascribed to the rice stock in Silo&#160;9 pursuant to the Completion Statements
The Seller shall only be liable to the Purchaser in respect of the matter set out in clause&#160;12.1(d) to the extent that a fine or penalty is levied by the Canadian Food Inspection Agency against a Target Group Entity
 or a product recall is required in relation to such matter
all books of account
 records
the Seller Group and its Representatives (upon entering into a non-disclosure agreement in a form reasonably required by the Purchaser) are provided with such copies (at the Seller's expense) of
 such Target Entity Information as they reasonably required for tax
 accounting or insurance purposes
 or to comply with any law
all books of account
 records
each Target Entity and its Representatives (upon entering into a non&#8209;disclosure agreement in a form reasonably required by the Seller) are provided with such copies as they may request (at such Target Entity's expense) of
The Purchaser shall (at the Seller's cost) provide all reasonable assistance to the Seller in relation to the filing of any tax election of the Seller Group (including with respect to providing a signature on such form)
The Purchaser shall use all reasonable endeavours to procure the release of the Seller Group from the guarantees
 securities
 indemnities
The Purchaser shall indemnify on an After-Tax Basis the Seller Group against all liabilities
The Purchaser acknowledges and agrees with the Seller that
it will procure that no Target Group Entity make any claim under any Seller Insurance Policy
In this clause&#160;16
&#32;includes all or any benefits or rights of the Purchaser under this agreement
Except as provided in clauses&#160;16.3 and 16.4
 the Purchaser may not assign
 transfer
 grant any Encumbrance over
The Purchaser may assign or grant any Encumbrance over its rights under this agreement by way of security in favour of any person who has agreed at any time to provide finance to the Purchaser Group to assist in or refinance the transaction contemplated by this agreement
 and/or to any agent or trustee of such person for the time being
 provided that any such assignee or grantee shall not be entitled to assign such rights other than by way of the enforcement or release of such security. Notwithstanding any such assignment by way of security
 the Seller may
unless and until it receives notice of enforcement of the relevant security interest
If the Purchaser assigns or grants an Encumbrance over its rights under this agreement as permitted by this clause&#160;16
the Purchaser shall
 as soon as reasonably practicable
the liability of the Seller to the assignee or other person entitled to the Purchaser's rights under this agreement pursuant to this clause&#160;16 shall not be greater than it would have been had such assignment or grant not taken place
 and all the rights
Except for the benefits and rights given to the Seller Group (other than the Seller) under clauses&#160;5.3 (No rights against persons other than the Seller)
 6.4 (No rights against the Target Group Entities etc.)
 10&#160;(Seller Group Names and Marks)
 13.1&#160;(Access to information)
 and 14.1/14.2&#160;(Release of Seller Group Guarantees)
The parties may
 without the consent of the Seller Group (other than the Seller)
Unless otherwise expressly provided in this agreement
 each party shall bear its own costs and expenses incurred in relation to the negotiation
 preparation
PAYMENTS
In this clause&#160;19
if the relevant payment is to be made to the Seller
if the relevant payment is to be made to the Purchaser
Any payment to be made to any party under this agreement or any other Acquisition Document shall be made in full
 without any set off
 counterclaim
 deduction or withholding whatsoever
 except to the extent required by law (in which event
Each party shall from time to time
 so far as it is reasonably able
In this clause&#160;21
&#32;means representation
 warranty
constitute the entire agreement and understanding between the parties in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Acquisition Documents. Accordingly
 they supersede and extinguish all previous agreements
 arrangements and understandings between
 and (unless
 but only to the extent
 incorporated in the Acquisition Documents) all Representations given by
Each party acknowledges that it has not relied on
 or been induced to enter into any Acquisition Document by
No party shall be liable in equity
 contract or tort
If any provision of this agreement is or becomes illegal
 invalid or unenforceable in any respect
 that shall not affect or impair the legality
this agreement. If any illegal
 invalid or unenforceable provision of this agreement would be legal
 valid and enforceable if some part or parts of it were deleted
 such provision shall apply with the minimum deletion(s) necessary to make it legal
Unless otherwise expressly provided in this agreement
 no right or remedy under or in respect of this agreement shall be precluded
 waived or impaired by (a)&#160;any failure to exercise or delay in exercising it; (b)&#160;any single or partial exercise of it; (c)&#160;any earlier waiver of it
 whether in whole or in part; or (d)&#160;any failure to exercise
 delay in exercising
Unless otherwise expressly provided in this agreement
 the rights and remedies under this agreement are in addition to
 and do not exclude
This agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts
 and by the parties on separate counterparts
 but shall not be effective until each party has executed at least one counterpart. Each counterpart shall constitute an original of this agreement
) shall be in English
personally
by email
 provided that when a Notice is served on or delivered to the Recipient by email
The Hain Celestial Group
1111 Marcus Avenue
 Lake Success
 New York 11042
DLA Piper UK LLP of 160 Aldersgate Street
S&amp;B Herba Foods
Orpington Central Court | 1b Knoll Rise Orpington
 Kent
or
 in each case
 such other address or contact as a party may notify to the others in accordance with this clause&#160;23 or clause&#160;24.4. Notice of any change shall be effective five Business Days after the date on which it is deemed to have been served or delivered in accordance with this clause&#160;23
if served or delivered personally
 by hand or by courier
if posted by prepaid recorded delivery post or equivalent
if sent by email
 at the time the email is sent
provided that if
 under clauses&#160;23.5(a) or 23.5(c)
 any Notice would be deemed to have been served or delivered after 5.00&#160;pm on a Business Day and before 9.00&#160;am on the next Business Day
In proving service or delivery of a Notice
that the envelope containing the Notice was properly addressed and either (a)&#160;that service or delivery personally
in the case of email
In this clause&#160;24
means Hain Frozen Foods UK Limited
 2100 Century Way
 Thorpe Park Business Park
 Leeds
 West Yorkshire
means S&amp;B Herba Foods
 Ltd. Orpington Central Court | 1b Knoll Rise Orpington
 Kent
 BR6 0JA (or
 in each case
If
 for any reason
 the Seller's Agent or the Purchaser's Agent (as the case may be) cease to be able to act as agent or no longer has a postal address in the United Kingdom
notify the other party of the name
The Purchaser irrevocably agrees that the courts of England and Wales are the most appropriate and convenient courts to settle Acquisition Disputes and
 accordingly
 the Purchaser will not argue to the contrary. Further
If this agreement is translated into any language other than English
For purposes of this Exhibit 2.1
Organizational details relating to the following Target Entities: Tilda Limited
The Seller has the legal right
 full power and authority and all necessary consents and authorisations
 including without limitation
 all corporate authorisations and governmental and statutory consents
The Selling Shareholders have the legal right
 full power and authority and all necessary consents and authorisations
 including without limitation
 all corporate authorisations and governmental and statutory consents
The Stock Sellers have the legal right
 full power and authority and all necessary consents and authorisations
 including without limitation
 all corporate authorisations and governmental and statutory consents
This agreement and each other Acquisition Document to which either the Seller and/or the other Selling Shareholder are or will be party constitutes
 or will when executed constitute
 legal
conflict with or breach any applicable law
 order
 judgment or any requirement of any Authority
require the consent
 approval or authorisation of any Authority
to allot
 or grant rights to subscribe for
to convert any existing securities into
 or to issue securities that have rights to convert into
In the last 5 years
 none of the Target Group Entities have purchased
 redeemed
 reduced
Interests in other companies
No Target Group Entity is the legal or beneficial owner of
 or has agreed to acquire
 any shares
No Target Group Entity has in the last 5 years had any subsidiaries or subsidiary undertakings (within the same meaning as that set out in section 1162 of the UK Companies Act 2006
 and applying
 mutatis mutandis
 to non-UK entities)
No Target Group Entity is
 or has agreed to become
 a member of any partnership
 unincorporated association
The information set out in parts&#160;1
&#160;2 and&#160;3 of schedule&#160;1 relating to the Target Group Entities and the Selling Shareholders is true
The registers and minute books required to be maintained by each Target Group Entity under the law of its jurisdiction of incorporation
 a copy of which is contained in the Disclosed Information
 are in its possession or under its control and constitute an accurate record of all matters required by law to appear in them
 comply with the relevant legal requirements
All returns
 particulars
 resolutions and other documents that each Target Group Entity is required by law to file with
 or deliver to
 any authority in any jurisdiction (including
 in particular
All deeds and documents belonging to each Target Group Entity
 or to which it is a party
Neither the Seller
 any other Selling Shareholder nor any Target Group Entity is insolvent under the law of its jurisdiction of incorporation
 and it is not unable to pay its debts as they fall due
No arrangement or compromise has been proposed
 agreed to or sanctioned between any creditor and either of the Seller
No liquidator
 provisional liquidator
 administrator
 receiver
 administrative receiver or similar officer has been appointed in relation to the Seller
No resolution has been passed
 proceedings commenced or order made for the winding-up or striking off or any other reorganisation or restructuring of the Seller
the financial position
prepared with due care and attention and on a basis substantially consistent with the management accounts of the relevant Target Group Entity for the previous three financial years
in the case of each Target Group Entity
 prepared in all respects using accounting practices
The Pro-forma Accounts were prepared in good faith and provide an aggregated view of the state of affairs of the Target Group Entities
 their assets and liabilities and their profits or losses (after taking into account the various adjustments made in preparing the Pro-forma Accounts)
 as at and for the periods set out therein that is not materially misleading having regard to the purpose for which the underlying Management Accounts were prepared
In respect of each Target Group Entity
has not made
 or agreed to make
 capital expenditure exceeding in total &#163;250
it has not passed a resolution of its shareholders (ordinary or special) and no dividend or distribution has been declared
it has not made any changes in the terms of employment
 including pension fund commitments which
 taken together
 could increase the staff costs of the Target Group Entities
 in aggregate
 by more than &#163;500
000 per annum or the remuneration of any one director or employee by more than &#163;100
The Disclosed Information contains details of all overdrafts
 loans
 borrowings or other indebtedness or other financial facilities (including in respect of loan stock/notes
 letters of credit
 bank guarantees or similar facilities
 debentures
 factoring/invoice discounting/stock financing arrangements
of any enforcement action threatened
The entry into and performance of their respective obligations under this agreement and each other Acquisition Document by the parties will not breach any of the Facilities or give rise to any charge
There are no guarantees
 securities
 indemnities
For the purposes of this paragraph&#160;10 only
&#32;means `an asset (other than the Properties
 IP
 inventory
 goodwill and trading stock) with a book value in the relevant Target Group Entity Accounts of
 or one acquired since then at a purchase price of
 more than $50
Each Target Group Entity owns (legally and beneficially) and has the right to use
 all material assets
In the Seller's reasonable opinion
&#32;No member of the Seller Group depends on the use of assets owned
 or facilities and services provided
No Target Group Entity depends on the use of assets owned
 or facilities provided
No Target Group Entity and
 so far as the Seller is aware
 no other party is in breach of any Finance Lease Agreement. So far as the Seller aware
The Stock and each Target Group Entity's stocks of raw materials
 consumables
 packaging and unfinished goods which are in the relevant Target Group Entity's possession and control comprise items of the type and quality regularly used by or produced in its business
The Stock and each Target Group Entity's stocks of raw materials
 consumables
 packaging and unfinished goods which are in the relevant Target Group Entity's possession and control are not excessive and are adequate for the current requirements of its business
The Freehold Properties are free from any Encumbrance. So far as the Seller is aware
So far as the Seller is aware
No steps have been taken which remain outstanding in relation to the revocation
 cancellation
 suspension
 withdrawal
 amendment
 variation
No Target Group Entity has received within the past three years any written notice of any proceedings or claims from any person
 regulatory body
The policies of insurance maintained by or on behalf of each Target Group Entity are in full force and effect
 all premiums due on them have been paid and all other conditions of the policies have been performed and observed. No Target Group Entity has done
 or omitted to do
 anything that may result in an increase in the premium payable for any of the policies
The Disclosed Information contains details of all insurance claims in excess of $10
Each Target Group Entity owns (free from all Encumbrances)
 or has licensed to it
). The list of the Business IP owned by each Target Group Entity contained in the Disclosed Information is true
 accurate and complete
The Disclosed Information contains details of the Business IP which is registered
 or the subject of an application to register it
In the last three&#160;years
The Target Group Entities have not licensed or agreed to license any IP rights to
 or otherwise permitted the use of any IP rights it owns by
So far as the Seller is aware
 in the last three years
Within the past three years
In this paragraph&#160;17
The Disclosed Information contains details of the software licences (other than standard off-the-shelf licences) that are material to the IT Systems. So far as the Seller is aware
The IT Systems are in satisfactory working order in all material respects and function in accordance with their specifications. There has not been a breakdown
The IT System is fully self&#8209;standing and under the Target Group's sole control (subject to contracts with the relevant providers
 which have been Disclosed). The IT Systems are not dependent on any facilities
 equipment
The Target Group Entities have introduced and applied data protection policies intended to promote awareness of
 and compliance with
The Target Group Entities have not
 in the period of three years preceding the date of this agreement
 suffered any breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction
 loss
 alteration
 unauthorised disclosure of
 or access to any Personal Data (not including breaches which were unlikely to result in any risk to the rights and freedoms of natural persons)
written notice or request from any Supervisory Authority
 or been subject to any enforcement action (including any fines or other sanctions)
written notice from a data subject or any other person claiming a right to compensation under the Data Protection Laws
 or alleging any breach of the Data Protection Laws
and
 so far as the Seller is aware
 there is no fact or circumstance that is likely to lead to any such notice
 request
 correspondence
 communication
 claim
No Target Group Entity and
 so far as the Seller is aware
 no counterparty to a Material Contract is in breach of such Material Contract. So far as the Seller aware
No Target Group Entity is party to any agreement
In the 12&#160;months ending with the date of this Agreement
 no Target Group Entity has suffered: (i)&#160;the loss of any Key Customer; (ii)&#160;a material reduction in trade with any Key Customer; or (iii)&#160;a substantial change to the terms of trading with any Key Customer
 and
 so far as the Seller is aware
In the 24&#160;months ending with the date of this agreement
There are no Material Contracts under which a Target Group Entity is contractually obliged to purchase minimum quantities of raw materials
In the 12&#160;months prior to the date of this agreement there has been no product safety related withdrawal or recall in respect of products manufactured or supplied by the Target Group Entities
In the 12&#160;months prior to the date of this agreement no Target Group Entity has received written notice from an Authority concerning any potential or actual breach of any applicable laws and regulatory codes of practice in force at the date of this agreement which relate to food safety
 content and/or hygiene (including those concerning food production
 processing
 storage
 handling
Each Target Group Entity has
 where required in accordance with local laws
The Disclosed Information contains details of each end consumer claim made in the last 12&#160;months or still unresolved as at the date of the agreement which resulted or could result in a payment to the customer in excess of $25
In this paragraph
&#32;means the national and directly effective legislation of any jurisdiction which governs the conduct of companies or individuals in relation to restrictive or other anti-competitive agreements or practices (including
 but not limited to
 cartels
 pricing
 resale pricing
 market sharing
 bid rigging
 terms of trading
 purchase or supply and joint ventures)
In the last two&#160;years
So far as the Seller is aware
 no Target Group Entity is the subject of
 nor has been given written notice of
No Target Group Entity is in receipt of any payment
 guarantee
 financial assistance or other aid from the government or any state body which was not
 but should have been
the job title
 relevant employing entity
 start date and
 if different
details of all employees who are on secondment
 maternity
 paternity
 adoption
details of the share incentive schemes
 share option schemes or profit sharing
No Target Group Entity owes anything to any Employee other than remuneration for the current pay period
 accrued holiday pay for the current holiday year
So far as the Seller is aware
So far as the Seller is aware
No Target Group Entity has been a party to a relevant transfer (as defined in the Transfer of Undertakings (Protection of Employment Regulations) 2006) and
 within this period
No Target Group Entity has given notice of termination or retirement to
 or received notice of resignation from
No Target Group Entity has made any offer of employment to any person who
 if employed
No Senior Employee will become entitled to any payment or other benefit
 or be entitled to give notice to terminate his employment
Collective agreements
The Disclosed Information contains details of all agreements or arrangements entered into by any Target Group Entity with
 or recognising
 any trade union
 works council
No Target Group Entity has any dispute
 claim
 legal action
 proceeding
 suit
 litigation
 prosecution
 arbitration or any other form of alternative dispute resolution or liability outstanding with or in relation to any of its current or former officers or employees
 no such dispute is pending or threatened and
 so far as the Seller is aware
So far as the Seller is aware
No Target Group Entity has ever participated in
There are no ongoing or anticipated
 regulatory investigations or proceedings
 claims (other than routine claims for benefits)
 complaints
 litigation or disputes in relation to the governance
 administration or management of the Pension Scheme or provision of Pension Benefits by any Target Group
 and there are no circumstances which may give rise to regulatory investigations or proceedings
 or a claim
 complaint
So far as the Seller is aware
Each Target Group Entity holds all material licences
 consents
Each of the Consents is valid and subsisting
No Target Group Entity (or
 so far as the Seller is aware
civil
 criminal
 regulatory administrative
 arbitration or other proceedings
 claims
any dispute with
 or any investigation
 inquiry or enforcement proceedings by
no Proceedings pending or threatened by or against any Target Group Entity or any of its respective directors (or
 so far as the Seller is aware
In the last two&#160;years
 no Target Group Entity has manufactured or sold any products that were at the time they were manufactured
 sold or supplied or are
 faulty or defective
laws
 regulations
Judgments
There is no outstanding or pending judgment
 order
 ruling or decision by any
 court
 tribunal
&#32;means any claim
 notice
 demand
 assessment
 letter or other document issued or any action taken by or on behalf of any person (including a Tax Authority) from which it appears that a Target Group Entity (or
 in the case of an Assessment referred to in paragraph&#160;12.1(b)
the set-off or other use against any Tax or against income
 profits or gains of any Accounts Relief or any Post-Completion Relief in circumstances where
 but for such set-off or other use
&#32;means any act
 failure
 omission
 event or transaction
 whether or not any Target Group Entity was a party thereto
 and includes
 without limitation
 the expiry of any period of time
 the entry into of this agreement
 the sale of the Shares pursuant to this agreement
&#32;means a follower notice as referred to in Chapter&#160;2
&#32;and similar expressions or phrases shall be construed as meaning if

begin 644 graph5yrcumreturnv2a01.jpg
M_]C_X  02D9)1@ ! 0$ 8 !@  #_VP!#  (! 0(! 0( @( @( P4# P
#
M P8$! 

# P8# P8


M! 0   %] 0(#  01!1(A
4$&$U%A!R)Q%#*!D:$((T*QP152T? D
V)R@@D*


7&



B



G*TM/4

!  (1 Q$ /P#]_**** B
MBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ***
M* BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
MHHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** B



M^T;JYA:(RJ\B2699%1PXBP63T3_@J'_P7G\7_ []KNR_9D_9B^%L?QD^/EXD



M
Y*

J*^/?\ @A[_ 
%.

%K!=1;75HED9W5'ADB8*S
02P

TC$?=^[@D^:_ O\ X+W?M._LX_MW^ /@K^VG
M\/7P__ .%LW%K9^'=6\*71:.TDFF:W5Y2+R\AG0S-$K!)8WA5M[*X9111@

YJ-+VSVY5+TB]F^W]=3]A:*^


%MOBK^TC^VIXP_9D_:5^%6C_#+




$@@8*7$8:5D+&*=2
XQFMI14[]HMM)OMJF7.FX3E3EO&3AZR23:7?







M!YK1EM1LGNP7#[3!:X)S&I=T8GZ[_P-?\ P6YT_P#X*H?##QM9:MX1E^'G



%]Y=TP2^-J2<'J/7_P#@BM_P





MJ[+S]#]KJ*_*3_@H5_P73^-?[*/PX_9 UBS^%OASP;KGQ_OI[7Q5X;\86=]/




'+[0MK*-


MX(P_ KPUX@EL=%\2:A



/B+\#/@[H?[/WB[2[C5I?%&C7(2]6#['-):ND#ZO-



QV^]TB2)@)D 8=:
1^XJ3IU/L1E)]K1M?[[J


E0#VR*_7
^+OBY_PQ$VN_\



_BJJD73INI+

MX$\(?$[X!? #PSXB^)=R;3PW:9EO?[2E$L4)7?;ZW(D?SSQ#
C*/FSG )'V_
M^SM_P4C_ &E_V9_V;?C%\5?V\_AAX'^$_A;P):6

C:2VOW3W&I7*0H/
M-:




VDEC64(RL4+*-P5E)&<$'F
MIQ


M^#.J_M=_#+PII-CXDM)(+)O#WB&22_M-.N_[3BLYXY'A:!YE.71E


VIS

*Y




]R[LV%JDELSY. HY&.O[S5\Q_\%2/^3OPM_X*T?!6R\)?


M]L73_%3V_P#PE.H)K
FC-







3:'IWB)9

?8\;MLG^LSM^7!
)%49P;=^:M
MI+^ZHQY?G?=V6GGT=:3J-Z64:-2\W--_+73\=#\PO!_[7%E_P &ZO\ P5C_

M_=Q4%W]RUMCI=2+Q3G]F7/-_XY4^2UNUW)_]O;[V_.K_ (.L]0\0Z1\5_P!A


DPN/W0ANKLJ&E
^'%MXD\/?#']IE9K-M/U^V@M;BUU9XUNE=DAFE3Y[N.=$(?/\
MIF,OUO_ .<'_!(?_AA;]J[X[_&7Q#\0C\2?&OQOU3[;)<'0O[+71+<SS3M
M:Q_Z1.74L\0SE<+;QC;65_P5_P#^

M
?C?PO\ #_XF+H

XU/7X(YK5K)=
TWSH0LEK=+O8F/!
78_
O?V'_@U\L+7



UNX^SW 6&&-9+JW:VNBA98U &:








MF1%-!G!R RY[57^%?[
/B+P5_P $(/V5_P!LKX71;/B;^S1J.KWU_'&G.LZ$


8FF.X


M_!XSINJWW_!(RVET]F%E9^.=+FU

;%=P='1QR
MDB.J.K#E613VK+'4XU

3.=5W3M&_?]

/#


-?&N?:O[!_LC[)B!(O*V?:)]_W
GZ6<FT[=[?/5GY:

M0:E;O)&[6R2%2@ (7@[0:X#_ (-H?VZ_CMXP_:2^.W[


MZ%_X)

N=6\0^)O%)@F\1^)-5*_:=3DB0A4CC0!88%







Y=^ZHTJ4
M]_8\K?6








H))&;HVGGG_ %<9B01^=RL(^8$DUT?['_!*#PY
M^R;_ 

$3I\]Q#=++ D
XNS;:




M.Z/VY_#&A?&[X ? OQ


MF.D&LHK/M55W$9PH':OJS]A7_@ASJ_[

$Q-1_;K_X)=0_L[:_\29+/63IV

M^BB^;3?70Z:34
5[6^DH-/2UI).*];QMKTM8K_\ !&3_ )0J_ K_ +)Y:_\



M[=5BD=+G[7%Y1E@CC3_5-M92WS9Q7Z*_M0?LYVG[1G[)GCOX4P7H\.67C+PQ




;%=P='1QRDB.J.K#E61








M3 \*_LV:A^T/+-;^#/'5QXPTK7?^$(XMX)K9XGL?LWV_IYLLLHD\WJY79_%7








/'G[(VJ?'
MB77=
&_\ @H[\
M:= \/Z+$EO8Z7ING:G:6=GOW8HHH];(@'15  ]*_0+_@J=_P $^!_P4T_8
M8\1?!B;Q=)X.;7I;<:U_9O]HF%K:YBGY@
L6_=Y97_6#&[/.


M^BZ_/?\ X
L]7MHOA-^T9HSS*FJV/B^SGN+1N)H8WAF1693R 6BD'U0U^LG[
M$'[
J?L8_LB?#KX4QZRWB)? .A6VC?VFUK]E-^8DVF7RM[^7N.3MWMCIN/6O

MM)8(7E1I'B=Y4+E=@C5%6MJ]5?7ZU6.L:B:OV]]23L^CV?5&6&IM8&%&6DHN
M#^Z
HM?^37[:'CW[5U_!XQ_X/

M*FB?![2+ZBO!?VC_  !^T-\2?^#J3XW:?^S'XW\+_#_XF+H

XU/7X(YK5K)
M=
TWSH0LEK=+O8F/!
78_
O?].O^3__  0'\$?\$T?BCKOQ1USQQXG^,GQK
M\3QSQ:CXNUU?)B:9I)GA@
DKB:7Y!++--
[%#M
8=U;H/AA_P $=/\ A7'_



M%0GF1SVXA;;^Z2





MKC2CJESHMC)(6D$5N9HT\PH\T8D#+(%F==^TE3\W_M1?\&SGA;X^?\%2='_:
+?LF?L%?#G]C^_US7?_AK1+#QOXWM;!?&&NV%JUI_PD5U:P^7]I
&]
MTA
C-)(PC^\\K

MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH *


:UK=;WM]_*


MV=M;VMY\ZI_^EM1;V3W)4XN/.GI:_P N7G_](7
NK1]CT5\LZ-_P47U?X;^/
MOBAX9^

?_  *#FK=WHE;?
M7M:_Z745\U^-?V]-9\7?$;PIX



M?+ VZ
KP
ARI#'U[QM^W1\0;O]J;QY\(?AG\(--\7:SX \.Z3XCGU+6O&/\




MC=._N^]=]DH5)IVWM+V;L^JU5UN^67*[+WO=LN]YPA:^UUSJ_GIIT_1.BOE/

M&C#%S+:;GPJDJ?
J9RC'M)NRW]%;FU[:?+SU+BG*;IQ5VFUZM.VG?7Y^5[V
M^@Z*^'/ 'Q!T[XL_\%M?'BK2&E?2?$W[.2ZK9-*FR1H)]:AEC++V.UQD=J[
MG]OGXO\ C+6OVAO@K\!/ WB2]\#77Q;EU74?$'B:PBB?4=+T73((WGBLC*KQ


O)/

V^6VO
HVZW:NE;OH_EJ?8%%




M3@\AB.AK=^/'[:GBSX=_M5^#_@UX)^&]OXU\3^





M\
W



MQY\=9KU(M1^(?AQ+Z]AA.EN




_%'Q(_9VTZ326\$^(]9UJYU^)]1:.


M



JKN;/0W?





MND4SL4W1


M%%%% !14.HZC;Z/I\]W=SPVMK:QM---
X2.%%&69F/   ))/  KA_@=^U5\+
\O?#UW

MGP_!IG^E_NOD_?1

MTIQG#3E:MV5G)I6[+F=EVLNA\9^$_P!B?XK_ +-?Q!^''C_X=K\/O%/B/3/A






M_&!\.?V3XZ\':I_PF#W4>@?9-:MI_PW&M=WVE;7:Y\\P[6\P1[MFT[L8KLJ
MSP_[EZ;?_;5)-7[-U&NC2ND];K2O^\5GOK]_+3BG_P!N^S3[-[H^




DE1XVM1YL;1MOC:/:_P!A?LM?!V+X

&D\J+?Y:



M[R[TB30/'_AGPUHVGV\



V

M]O?W=WX5O/$GB+4-&U3PI;W5Q+.UE);06%U'J$=N\I
;_:+5G3$;;2OG-]?5

M 




M2;Q)XA^'FJ7KZG\4/M

MHJKWU_&]]MKWU2LGU3


\#^&M0UK6M1L=(T?2;:2]OK^
M]N$M[:R@C4O)++(YHBJS

%=?T72M4UK


ML83&2G[
W_!.N_\ !W_!.[Q_\#/'NHZ9-_PGM]XL^T76CRRRQPVFL7UY/&07
M2-O

8W*0&(Y/UC16

M8TG6-1U_P_K6H7FK^-7TB6.2Q1K&
M6TABTX2RQ1338NKO:4


M+O!^H^(?$VM:3X=T#2(&N;_4]4O([2SLHE^])++(0B*.Y8@4Z_[R
_:/X^;F



)-DBR&


M







M(;=82J

M

OOBVNRW5GJ%)NFDH:6M_Y*U)

MCX=?M(_'_P'_P 1?AA9:1\#K/P?XZAN]@\77&O:D^HZ9I5VGE2.^B_86AN
M+J.*255']HQQR.J.1&I

MKJ?(5[^PYX\_9E^.?@;Q[\$7\+^*/[%^'UG\--=T#QKKMUI*:G86)
EA?1WU

MOCM+6_;X=#)4XJ'LTO=M:W=*'LUY_ W'2W?XM3YH^#W[

M?)M7'[+/B7_ (*?6WQJ%YHW_+0_#*3P8UJ99/[0-XVII=B0)Y?E^3Y:D9\


MP^QS6\N=23?SYY?-Z;6'/6
FB?JD]RKVE*2W;O\[\WYM^5M




S$
T+PO?7YU(6UQ)=QPQV\A86LL%S ]M<Y


MON

%U8WL!U^(+?:8
M9(9O,CWA)@8U*@F[_P %:_@EXQ^(NN?/Q1:_#L_'#X4^ ]4O[[Q[\
8S;R3


MTJ_^&WQ$T#P?/:1RP7MAXA\)_P#0:5J.4*R[(;NRN8YXRF%9;GRMLD@:%V



]5_P147B#X3:TU[\
M1;T_&/6OB#;?%0^.(=&B2VM-?M8E@M!'IS2









M)C;BQ15279YY*;VY[]GW_@DBGP





Q_MG6WC/_@F[-\?O







M+D4.?91IIK^]&C5C)]M9RB[[NW


M6XE6).B(54850!XO\&_VD=:_8_\ V
_V^/B?X=LM
U'6_!'Q=\4ZK96NHJ[6

O'.N7'B?Q;X@EM1:_
MVQJ4X16:. 





M3QP0I;B-MB_.QK*/
J*YM7UZ/:?-;?XFUR7=HM0;C;G1N^7VFFWX;PMV^'WG

M[M+*+:$;CEFRXCY:(-E/F+]FG_@J)J7Q&^-_Q/\ A^OQ#^!OQJ/A3X?'QUI7




MK7OA]XIC\':]H7PMAOSJ0MKB2[CACTP%A:RP7
#VUSG:4GRX0C/EOGCB/VK+

MDI5;B+[056/=;[C*OUQ\3OV1--^+O[#.J_ [6-5NQIFL^#3X0N=3M8A'
$-H


XXP*



^
X

MAN(_;L^._P -OBC_ 
$\_@/+^SA*WQ!N9?'&E:S\
?!5E;7$Z^*WTBZ
MQIT

M1X&;Q#;V\J
Y%Q:O;7]A+&[A\2+.]PA\J+8L6)/
\1T[_@D;#\
? GPIG^'G

VPAH






M*^
MXMI!]GO+46D
4#P[YV%R2UQQ$!'^\\^^)W_!(/Q=XR\ ?%?X?Z/\9K#0OAO\
M5?&



:<P

$(R'WF\N74.JE#CS&QOC3_ 
$GM#^/_C[X


M






EPLX\P2LIAB\O=)[U\2OV
O%_[3O[

]P+A(W8RW#QD

MZ*W5[@J]Y=3Z+P9=O.,3*(U2&$J[R.%E54GTZ]&G25E;27




M3KFUO(UBN[2[M5FMY)8G5$9?+N(622-&W$ HV=+W:-.G+O*]M-YS:OWWBW;7

8T]-1\1Z'H

2V\O[W
TT[22
Y+;2J+T?@W]BKQWXS^/'@?QY\:
MOB5X;\?W/PQAN'\
:=X=\&/X;LXKZY@:WGO[L2WUZ\\_DLR1B-H8T\R0[&)4



[V]S+*T2E[



M/%!_9]@N\OO;5GD^SVNJ$DAB/[

G[7/P@T7PO-KZ

(C





^E:'X3.@Z99VQ


1PQ[M\T
MLDDGF2/(S/Q2T#]A[^P_CY^T#XX_X2?S?^%ZZ3IFE_8O[-V_V)]BL9K3?YGF

MY_9Z:]M3P3X


=_K6F7



94-+&L

D'EQH]O
MLDD2)(G8N

9%O:7



)Q
M/+$OE^9LXW8KNZ**.E@/G_\ ;(_Y.*_9._[*K??^H1XKKZ KY_\ VR/^3BOV
M3O\ LJM]_PH1XKKZ H **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@#Y_P#VR/\ DXK]D[_LJM]_ZA'BNOHOG_]LC_DXK]D[_LJM]_ZA'BNOH@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** /G_\ ;(_Y.*_9._[*
MK??^H1XKKZ KY_\ VR/^3BOV3O\ LJM]_PH1XKKZ H **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@#Y_P#VR/\ DXK]D[_LJM]_ZA'BNOHOG_]
MLC_DXK]D[_LJM]_ZA'BNOH@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@
M HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** 
MBBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH
MH **** /G_\ ;(_Y.*_9._[*K??^H1XKKZ KY_\ VR/^3BOV3O\ LJM]_PH
M1XKKZ H **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH
M**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ H
MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ IEQ-]GMWDVN^Q2VU!EFQV ]:?
M4.H027=A/%#.]K+)&R)
BJS0L1@
 P()!YP01QS4RORNVXU:^IXS\%OVC_%G
MQ5^%6N^
HO#WA35=/=HVT*PT/Q']HO(\JHE@U$RQ1QV\T+$M*(VD9 60([QC



















M+(MMXXTRV=\#;?)+9;3Z%I55?QSCWKTSPQX]T/QM#YFC:SI.KQXW;K*[CN!C










HKNZ^
?CM_P1E\':YXD/BOX2:YJWP@\9P$RP2Z3
M*XL6?K_JPP:+/ _=

M##. 9

MZ++$V'C;CHRC/49%=Q0 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%-:15ZD#H.3Z]*57#=
M#@X..U T444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4454US7['PSIDE[J5[::?9PC
D]S
L448]V8@@W17SQ\4

DK$?P<_2N+TG_@F
M7<?$'4(]1^*WQ%\2^,KI6\P6D,QBMHCW4%RQV]?N/K7NOPL_9D\ _!5$_X1
MKPKI.G3QC NO*\ZZ_P_S[I/_'J / V_;)^-GQI.SX=?&?3;23A-1UUBJ
O
M]]=_E)QZ!GZ=^E-?]C[XY?&WYOB%\6VTBREY?3M#5@I7^XP3RD_/?^-?7-%

M\

MI?P)X?SY_B?39

M!&Q.-S;CNX&2!MY.


M 


T_4










VF13BXF$
@

]XP^U

\3
M?LE_#_5DY;&AZHA;;P 

CGQ_P#L*?%*ULXV



M17A?Q(_X)
_LS_%A9/[9^!GPS

#T% 'J7PF

M:O#

M7M!&?]'TGQ7'






'8MMHL?VA6;. /-)$9Y

MPK^$7[




MI\3:6Q7@BWD^TD'Z1AC7$6'[#'AV:X\_6=8U_6;C^)I)U16_0M_X]77Z#^R]
MX\.X,/ANQF88YNBUSD_20L/TH Y75OVY_-O-Y.G6NMZO.W"VAC_ 

M@A6



M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110


KGRE./]83@ 'MO[:G

?P[_ &-?


M\?/&


MM_'7Q'T6/7+8$'0M


ZZG)OZ[E@*BV0@\@B+<./F)&: /G.Z_X+:?M)_M[7,FG
M?LD_LYZLNB3L8T\9^,E$=JJY(+*-Z6RNO!QY\QZ_NSWR[;_@W0^*'[:_BYO&
MG[6OQ\U+7]?N(=BZ7X5MXTAM!RR*)9(EB 4DY2.V ]'[U^N%K:QV5M'##&D4
M,2A(XT4*J*!@  <  =JDH _'OX8_L&ZG_P $1/B!-XE?X0^#OC%X 642_P#


.X% '0T444 %%%% !1110
M4444 %%%% !1110 5!J.FV^L6

Z$


I:2:W#:WA'_ %PF9)1_WS7S)^T!^V#;?M=6

M/H_#$EXV[;I*G2X8E]%C9DB ^B'/O0!^NGC[]IOX??#T\W7/&&@665WK$+M
M99G7U6--SL/H*^0OVK/^L%S-J=E8_JY$-I#E[S4KRQ!:=LX6...0'XY)9
M=Q) &

GB;P'(3N&9/M[(WKB$6_ _WR??O7C_[4/\
MP1C_ &JO@IXEMM.\

I)
M!(^1


M2;MX=U8
?8]&_P#A/Q-^S]%Y?Q2_8N^*WPUMX1MEN=/M',++T#*)K6W7:6R
M.)..IH ^KOA7;#P %_X5Q\#(-+E _=ZC?H\DSC_ *[2!6_#S
5W?]D_'3QE
M_K;_ 
/^&(VY9(PKL!Z @2'_ 

M#LLFSCN;



MCP1'S=(\#6KF*ULD/($RJ?W8X&4!


MW^UI\+?A?X

0DZ\9H



M!Q9^S/\ LVR2Z?I7BBY^*/B0/Y


MBBB@ HHHH **** 

/]I6!!_I7

GJ5)4G##/*G!'



M_P %


ZQ+^;$5YKX[_ &W/

MG\917L/PV_P3GP\\

MQA_P5TT:6_\ L/@_PEJVOWDIVPAVV;SZ;%#$_@:JVOCK]JW]H
K_ &9HNF?#









M^P;\0KY$(\ZXT*XO)$B7EBV$LYP0%]7 R.2


=?+B
M;'7OUKE]8_X.


MU1ICC%KHEBIXP)+U


IDR75O
MP.YX!_V::?B?_P %7/'R;O\ A77P
\$%E#;?M


M_4FBORX?]G'_ (*I^/&/VGX\?!7PC;.SI)':Z?#++L8=5/\ 9DA&.@/F*W?/
M0TT_\$K?V\O&ZG_A(OVV)-

J R?V-I\J[6!& OEB# QU(QGN#F@#]2:*_+@

M3L[AKB:T@


JB3:73?&R.W55Q_P &? &K?[P[-H5[K+:
MYI.GRB/1)[D,;ZSVC;;W$A)\YHSE5E.&9 F_=(&DD[@ HHHH **** BBB







T[U75[^STO3+
S7-W=S+##

M5!T:5';
9QG]Y
&D^]M2


[P=^R#G7KN1_&/Q%OMTE]XCU!=\J
MN^=X@5B3&#DY;)=LG+8.T?2E?._B'_@K1^S7X5*_VA\:O -MNX^;4E./KCI^





YYK


MOJ;:-%/IMQ'ID5^%TC4)!(HCCMB\&Z=M.#-$64ZG/B
Q%O-_0P?\$O/%FH2*
M]_\ &3Q%)*1AWQ-(1]
.X/B=XXUO484N+VT\4:P+1H92
M!N1UL]C94\']_(IQPS*0:^YOV?OV+/A)^RK:+X=?#GP?X/?;L:YT[3(H[J8

MJ_'_ 



MEG[%\2M&N
#(^T&9




M?&2R=ST\R1LKZC=:+G_/-(?C3X7L$9M1\


_G3?\ AH[X!G[]M\86?^(^5IW)[_QT

 G\Z_/FW_:6_9]
MA3#:;\6Y3G.YTL

MKY!LOVE_A9-@:3\%?'6K3KD$22R]3]T85V'/T[=ZVK#X^:E=#_B1_LIZQ
O5









MP31^/'[
3&;X&_'74)M-A.Z+0/$X
DJ/X5)62$D],B*/ZCJ YX?^!/QV^(

MR&^PV7[F(^B^874#Z1K7 G_ (*-_M#?LQYC^-/P(NM2TR#B37?[EX40?QM
MM







M .79KG_R;7V]10!\;:=_P;\_L?:79I!'\%=*9(\X
VLZG


M'X$?#M_


M'\.Z?X=B=-/L;.Q20[G6WA6(
?4A0


_E#3Q;
MI;A[S[




==W/('FW3_ 
/&?T[5U7AW



_C7H?AG]

M **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@


M*)(@/957ZCK0!];45\!#_@G;^TO^S=^\^$?Q^GUK3X
&+2/$JN8T0?\ +-!(



M^ S\/VW/V9_F\)_$7P]\7=)@^Y9:V0+R;']YI]K#\+JEC_X+?$#X$R+!\;
MO@'XK\.11D75=)5FMG]=BR@1G\+@]:^^Z;)&LT;(ZAE8892,@CT- 'SC\'O
M^M/P$^



%1Z#I/
M_!;P?#;4HM-^


MK \@@]Q0 ^BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BB
MB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH ****
M BBB@ HHHH ^?\ ]LC_ ).*_9._[*K??^H1XKKZ KY__;(_Y.*_9._[*K??
M^H1XKKZ H **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **
M** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHH



V EK?SG3



MG8.F IMG+?\ ;.0_7K4VG?\ !;Y/AQ?16/Q?^#7Q!^'UVS;/
6 S1L?[P698
M&V]_EW^V: /O*BOG[X4_\%2O@+\8/+33OB-HFGW





M^






M^#W[97_!2#XF?%+]H_Q#K?AOQ7\3/A]HUT+9(/#ZZ[=6G]G
EM$D@\N-U4;I
M%=\X!._)YK[M_P)/[6\?C?]G?6=/\ '_Q*CU7Q?_PD\XM(/$&OB;47M#:V
MNS8)G
C1^9YN

M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 ?/_[9'_)Q7[)W_95;


=KZTHH



M=Z%*/M
V.ORPR


M!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %
M%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 44
M44 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !111

M\!OBQYK:G\



'[


M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 5\E_M-_\ !&[X8_M6?&[6O'OB'7/'=EK&N^1]HATZ]M([9?)@C@7:LEL[

M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110!\_P#[9'_)Q7[)W_95;[_U/%=?0%?/_[9'_)Q7[)W
M_95;[_U/%=?0% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%
M%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 444
M4 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110
M 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !
M1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 ?/


^&-.-A;Z?K/BK3=%BM;*UU+2(+F VGB 6DS





CT
M ?0%%?/_ /PZ=_99_PC:?@!_P&\TC_ .1Z/^'3O[+/_1M/P _\-YI'_P C

M'T!17S__ 

-YI'_R/0!]
M 45\_P#_  Z=_99_Z-I^ '_AO-(_^1Z/^'3O[+/_ $;3\ /_  WFD?\ R/0!

M0%%?/_\ PZ=_99_Z-I^ '_AO-(_^1Z/^'3O[+/\ T;3\ /\ PWFD?_(] 'T!






CT ?0%%?/_
M /PZ=_99_PC:?@!_P&\TC_ .1Z/^'3O[+/_1M/P _\-YI'_P CT ?0%%?/

M 

-YI'_R/0!] 45\_P#_
M  Z=_99_Z-I^ '_AO-(_^1Z/^'3O[+/_ $;3\ /_  WFD?\ R/0!] 45\_\

MPZ=_99_Z-I^ '_AO-(_^1Z/^'3O[+/\ T;3\ /\ PWFD?_(] 'T!17S_ /\





M-\)^*-.M_&S:-IZZ5I^MZ[I6G3ZM8VJ?ZN*.9+9%4(. =F3R22231#16?]W[
:Q?:M/X2U/Q-#8VML8D(:VL&1UW-
M,97D5$$; ABPQT.H?$G6O$OQ=L=*\+W6G:A:Z;X9DUR]!<16NHS7!\O3XS






FN7H+B*UU&:X/EZ?&9@DK11
8KERR!F
M1.&'!\]UO]KCQ1H?P2\


O?$
_E6D]@5E;2K.&!;:S2+

**** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH \/_:N_:9O_

6&

FN7H+B*UU&:X/EZ?&9@DK11
8KERR!F
M1.&'!N?&G]G:S^
VHVU[_P )#XE\

UNXGAE4 F)
Z2^2<6NEXN_3F<OB5MM/EL_TDGV3C;K;D=%^+'CG




M-:TBGL+:+$NVWG
DEOON9;:
H[&1-SC(93CF?$/[37C/PA\'/B3K.LP^%-.U
M3P7XBM]

MQ/=W

9IUMT+S3S2L5 \Z:XE=GVY4B.
\?=&'9_L91QVNN

MV46I:KK5UJ%]-J5]J.I-$;F^N)3EG80QQQ+P%4+'&B@*.
Y)ZFF_\OOZ_CY+

MX[W_ 

@9F






M &5/C:_QY^&

(Z;3M\R0*VX;VQ
MFJ?@[]F34?!


0JJB

MHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BBB@ HHHH **** BL+X@_%#PU\)=#34_%
M7B'0_#.FR3W2[U:_BLH&E()!Y&52QL0
YPI]*J_#?XU^#?C''=MX0\6^&





MU.]BTZV_=L_FSRG)\H.,D=3@#N11O:W73YO;[[K[PVO?I^F_P3^XU**XSX
ME_'[PQ\)]7M-.U6XU2XU6]A:YBT[2-&O=8O?)4A3
T%I%+*L08A?
90FX@9R







J2Q.C

M!N9V55'4LP Y-5[?QAI-V;81:IITAO+J:QMPERA\^XA\P30IS\TD?DR[E'*^




^-=,T_QGI_A^:YV:OJEI<7UK;^6Y\V&W:%)6W ;1M:XA&03OX!P<'


JX9






%WY




M\RT*3;O
+%PVQ_N^BA.RLO/\7?\ K_AQ=;_ULE^G]:6^-M5_9*\0Z)\#?%?A
MSPK\+OFEZ[-XR?5U,D%A_8^MVKRSR1*RHXDDAB201F.:.,X)J5R:C^ G[*




X4R*1OE3SRTZDI@N5]PHHJI2<G=B4
[T^6?XJ^*+6:2-7DA8RL86(R5)%S@X/&1QQ

U&U\N0
)K6XDN$*S(VUP?/


M^(M*U:XT*33%AE@NKJQ:WLX
QR/]E
$;QK*(X;C_ $8




M9627167E_7W?










?

D4L3





MNWRIXM_9N\9WWQ[\3-I=EXLL(_%'B ZC+X@C\4-_8/\ 9KZ8EM);3::;GY[C
MS$V@BU( 




J\5
M]445K[1\W

M KNX^'
_]I:?I=E8ZYK7BWT2^CTT0:8MNW]E7L-P=1BRZ[3'+')&VY]ODAB
MS?9-%5!\NW];_-[O5Z^9,E=-=_ZT[?(^.M^$OQ:\(_'C6/%%KX:UR6]OM9D

MC&


MVN]$^')D2\)'E2PHL1MTBQY@FE


MAMK
75M
U]

MN/+TK2;P@@A
SM&S6]O+-#%*RD
XCFD4LQ(89VKZ-16CFVV^Y'*K)=O\K!
M1114%!1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11
M10 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%%
M !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444
M%%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4
M444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !11





M@UC4(HM4ALX[&X@FC2*SFACWV]RALDE+QG:MJP(KZ/\ VN?@YXU^
/PZM8OA
MY\0?$'PW\7:7?1W5IJ.FR6OE3QG

'?
M#?P^\4:)HT/@6/1]/GTS6;*6+2WOWNYI(6O1<L=1F\HP7,4<8@@W))^\W^]?
M%7_@FYIWQ@OFNM3^*7Q6MKK7/#D/A/QG+I\^E6A\?Z=$\K+'?A+ %\7%RGF








M*0V8CGMY%\E(\@R(L@Z/XH?L
WGQM^'WA_PMXN^
WQ4U_0M
N([C6+::T\.P

X4R_NV

HG3



$_DH*




M.V6JWUBR^='OXUBG@L&BM(VD?RXX(UFO3=2JDJ'PTF^I7U2Z127:ZBT_/X


LL9






M


M!I2W%PQB1$

2/WLDDWEL5W+%%R#+\(OV#H_A'\<?!NK0ZO<:MX

M+
 97DNXX%N C
%CCEB38KK(S:/[4'[=FH_LR?'#QO9PZ%K7BZ+0_#_@^ZMM
M'34[.TMY9M9\07.DDQ%K;S%E7:CL9;AHG(JI =\K];\'O\ @F#\?V?/VC6
M^*'@7X8^!_!OB
:
NBPIH?AS3].M[1/
E=YXA# KI/(LIC=P_P T:(I''.I\

-I1K]CL
MOGMS/?Z<VDR+:9(_-MP7F6:*4.'7'/U?\-O@5I'PM^(OQ!\3:?<:C-?_$C5
MK?6-3CN)$:&:PMK!%AHJ&*UC)#%CO9B 0H\I\3?\$XM(^(FI?$6_P#%
MOQ%^)'BK5?B#H \,QW]T=)M)_#5@+B2Y2.Q^R6$DI



M*R)YMQ)*
RN45'VNZ]5\3_\ @H9KW@CXA^*;C3OAW9:M\*OA[XGT[PCXJ\3R

M_@N^\10)#X8L?#&H07$\#0ZZ+)1':WUTJ0KNO8X08?-38&C*JRL(XO+S_'7_



MWD[:O1VD^75);/[



M^-4GCM]1\1C5Y?&]MX]

MI^I_$6_;Q)_PD6BWGB[[%8Z*FA:@NFWOV:]^R.;N22YDC%NK0P*Z



M+JFC7UG'=7UMKE]]NU#39#):R*+9IA&4:-4N8O*4QSJQ9FH^#O\ @F+I/P@T
M3PG;?#CXI_%;X;W?AGPM8^#KB_TA]'O9_$-A8F0VGVQ-0T^ZA
L1FGQ+#'$Y
M$S!BP!2G\.NC?+?JM%4^?*N:'7F;3Z6NWRJ4TM8W?+WM=;_ -ZU^B6JZW:D
MT3_@H?-XB_:VL?@]9^ M1GUW55M]?LK];QET^3PK+;%SK+2--LBW*_9#: 


OJ$WA#QS
MX4\ /(^J%6OVUB'1&-Z28B5






X(W8!VX+
M*#N'S)^U9_P62/['GBMO#/C/1O@YHWBWP[X7B\5^)]-U3XL1Z7YD
LUPL5IH
M?VFP235KLQVLK%'BM(PSPIYI

MAT?5KCPNNDSQZW;022RVRSPZE8WD8:%IY]LD2QN1


MH%OJNNV^EV-H+OPFFMQS;X[$RQ6X*D23[3,/,D=V([:M'P=_P54L8]$%]X

?FHR SPRD(TD:ONBC92*]*O
_$57CNX4FFN[VZN;B[LI#Y.&L9







%/B9\1/ \/B74;75O$7AS25TBXT?Q!=0Q10&647EA<7$)E@@A
MBD^RSP;A&&&V0F0\WXF_X)Q:1\1-2^(M_P+?B+\2/%6J_$'0!X9CO[HZ3:3





$/OP^\<^
M
K_X@)\/RGA;XC)JOA?SI=&N-5@O(]72R#20!81'
OV42Q

M1\7_ (O?$SX+)X4\$^#M+LM;U_Q)X;\::5J?BZ13;WVDRSVURMO








L#[5NH)


M'EE6


MXWEB-AJ%K+%XD_X1]M*BFE\I[7S5D^V7-W:Q[;I(QY#O('\Q?)X3QA_P47\=


HKXDN_$GQ)^+7C+Q-XC
MTK1]

CC[O(F[\
MJLWWUFFTOYG%Q:3]U;*UM4Y*5)JUG+IV]^$HIOJDDTVK-_/3@_A]_P %@9OB



MB3;N^6

M110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%
M% !1110 4444 %%%% !1110 4444 %%%% !7AO\ P4;_ &DM7_9*_9)UOQSH

M;PYI?A6V/P:^+-_XW\76U[J5KX+L9-!N-7M].M#$LM_+
NI_8%AW3VZJHNVE




%R

UZ(R?W0;




M?Y.V_2]K];-ZWM8A;6_R\]=W;JX_*]KI*YG^-/\ @KIX!\-Z0NJ:5X2^)/B_
M1(/!-A\1=4U+1M
M?(T30;I[M&N[@7%S%)O@-G+YMO$DEQ@_NXI=DOEX'[:/

MS*ELT
+?PJ2?R]IL_+V:OU;D^UXHEHDX?/_P#^;<W)=%RK2SLWIZ?_P4QM]
GMM&

3^6V(XI)




HS O


MR7%O*([R*WE:.4
$.V0)BV/_  3MABTKPO97/BK[3;^'OBGKWQ)E7^S2GVU-

U

2E;2'SGP_RX*F*5OM]E]_+=_=*RCY)WOH







M )X!!@ #     0    !$@ #     0 !   !%0 #     0 #   !&@ %
M 0   *0!&P %     0   *P!*  #     0    !
0     (    +0!,@ 

M.0         & 0
  P    $ !@   1H !0    $   %B 1L !0    $   %J
M 2@  P    $  @   @$ !     $   %R @( !     $   V         $@
M   !    2     '_V/_M  Q!9&]B95]#30 !_^X #D%D;V)E &2      ?_;
M (0 # @( D(# D)#!$+@L1%0\,# \5&!,3%1,3&!$,# P,# P1# P,# P,
M# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# $-PL-#@T0#@X0% X.#A04#@X.#A01
M# P
# P1$0P
# P
#!$
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
_\
M$0@ BP@ P$B  (1 0,1 ?_=  0 O_$ 3\   $% 0$! 0$!          



$
WQ__:  P# 0 $0
1 #\ ]522






ME.?;7.QICTQ(-?\ 

/#B38&5R6D#;66FO;[';O=
M_+1Z?J7UNP2_T*/)[RYW_@3'
_\ !%8'U$SXURZ0?#8X_P#?PFB'
]./7QI






MIBR]^E;3^Z7?GV?\'7_T$;IG1[LNA^?;1?=@TD#TL8-]:]VX
=7C^H^IGIU?
M]J+M_P#P='Z7^:V


_X15NF?











R7 4/#W;(W%O^%8W?[??7[5Z
M9AW_ &G&9?L=7Z@G8^-PU^B[;[5YEU/$_9N==@W.UJ




M_5_ZQ96
V_K'7

]!
M]#;=S_ZBV
CIV#E96-EY%+;




M/_3^W_MI;T_ZL=$ZG;55U3J&/UEA-XJ:;2*R&WV&S9AW5^EMV66/\ S$C]






M&VP_\=2:KO\ KBY;_&C_ 

M9S

UD_9
7AVMNHM$




#8)EC
A1/@X&1U[ KPJ+:\/)S
W%8TX]/V7(:


MIM58+0++[-27?NTX\M=_PQ*?&)JR !_6_EQ+9$#]+4?NO.?63'Z9U^FJCH


C:-L/8[TF?F5[JOH;K%J
98
MZ2R8[NX'WH2!XHQ 
NO]9
 #&4KKBT\'C/J$]V&W)Q
NF^B[)M8ZD/HM#2&U

M58;-KF




MP6W
/I/)UC4U7
UEO]1_Z2O_ $E*J9W4WY.;?E7CTAB5MQWL'#7-'VK-=7]+

MG\W37_@65?\ $XZYR[)RL^_U
F]SRT$EW#*V_G[*A[:V_P#5JK=DY&=EFPC=

M_P J9/J?JE=KZ U)_:Q;NUTJS'Z)TPLN!=E6.]:VFPP*6EH;C595OO\ 3?Z+
M?5^S


S[4UG\[G98+



_6/-IIR!@GJ&9TG=6'5OQJZGU$$EN[^:NR
M_;]%VQ]*XW-Z#URTNS


IMU




MK+\JR8D-'JV4

M]M53?\'CUT4_X-=;]2ZF9?U8NIT:


8*OM
M63N&-N+&-80'W/;].FASMVQE7_:G*V_H/YO])D?HUI=-Z=F=9--E]99@L)&)
MB4@L:[]\4#WO_P##&7^GR;O]*K?2/JUG]?R:NI]1I;@=*:UHP\.))I;K3152
M=OZM^?=D7;/M?\Y_-V+O

E*
=9ZG
MI ?]TNAC
O =W(QOJ[=[1DO;CUL&UE-(#G-'[K)WX^/_ %OUF[_A%KXV-1B5
MFK&9Z;7:O
ESG'QMM?\ I+$1.UKG':T22HI99ST&@/Z

=?Q*F


9N@^G_ 'SG


M](]=E)))*VS/_];U5))))2ESGUG^K9SIS\(#[8T?I*^!: -/ZM[&_0=^?_-O
M_

_/0NO?5BCJ9.3CN&/FQ!?'LLC

/ZV
M]#R@ Z[[


#=1^:
MK!Z']&
O\%








M8F0VQ[2&OV[;+&/_ 
]4

R&5=2H;O
MLQ[?Z/FL_P#9?U/(_FS]#_KGT5@?6#T_^:.5ZO[

@](_H&%_1/YAO




M!       /!P!6@ #&R5'' %:  


M#W!R:6YT4VEX=&5E;D)I=&)O;VP     W!R:6YT97).86UE5$585     X
M,0 P X 



M;G
    7     $-P=&YB;V]L      !#;&)R8F]O;       4F=S36)O;VP


M     0       %)'0D
    #     %)D(!D;W5B0&_@            1W)N
M(&1O=6) ;^            !; @9&]U8D!OX            $)R9%15;G1&
M(U)L=                $)L9!5;G1&(U)L=                %)S;'15

M $@    !  $ 2     $  3A24T$)@      #@             _@   .$))
M30/R       *  #_______\  #A24T$#0      !    '@X0DE-!!D

M      $X0DE- _4      $@ +V9F  $ ;&9F  8       $ +V9F  $ H9F:
M  8       $ 
@    $ 6@    8       $ -0    $ +0    8       $X
M0DE- _@      '   /____________________________\#Z     #_____
M________________________ ^@     ____________________________
M_P/H     /____________________________\#Z   .$))300(       0
M     0   D    )      #A24T$'@      !      X0DE-!!H      W4
M   &              $Y   !:      2 !A &D ;@!# &4 ; !E '
 = !I
M &$ ; !? $P ;P!G &\ 7P!3 &T 80!L &P 4P!C &$ ; !E %\ - !C
M 0                         !              %H   !.0
M           !                         !     !        ;G5L;
M  (    &8F]U;F1S3V)J8P    $       !28W0Q    !     !4;W @;&]N




M!F]R:6=I;F5N=6T    


M:F
    !        4F-T



M C_P        .$))3004       $     CA24T$#      @4@    $   @

M &2      ?_; (0 # @( D(# D)#!$+@L1%0\
# \5&!
3%1
3&!$
# P
M# P1# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# P
# $-PL-#@T0#@X0% X.
M#A04#@X.#A01# P,# P1$0P,# P,#!$,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,# P,
M# P,# P,_\  $0@ BP@ P$B  (1 0


')9)3\.'Q8W

/3
GM\?7Y_<1
M  ( 0($! ,$!08'!P8%-0$  A$#(3$2!$%187$B$P4R@9$4H;%(\%2T? S

58W


1O


M?8^F)+(Z+]9


QIBR]^E;3^Z7?GV?\'7_T$;IG1[LNA^?;1?=@TD#TL8-]:]VX
M,=7C^H^IGIU?]J+M_P#P='Z7^:V,7Z_=$J+.G8?3<UMC:J\5E58<'@G=5L]
65 Z_UIL<


M&/''0G7L'H3EO_-:!\=?[DWVJ[R^[_:@J++*[ 36]M@!@EC@X C\WVRH3GRG
M]


HL?S;(GW^FQM-5F[\S\]!^L
MGU6%@?G]

-7U
M8Y?RU?6DES_U4Z\[J%!P\ITYF.V=Y_PE?T1;_P 8SZ%W_;G^$70+0A
3B)#8
MMB




MT+

[
MX5?^?:ED?XN?YGJ7_&4_]38H]/;-)-^]&]='H^LY=F'TVVRC^DVEN/BC_A[W




MAY:75OU!(.YI_LN7GGU-Z?A9O7+:


M=


W\]_P#ZL7]
M&=^T?K;B77:G)SCD/GQ!?E
;_9V

M5

MT?\ &*+MK[!7=C'96-SS^B;[:V#Z;DW
7T^_*<UE-C:+J+2XN;#:GY.-Z?O=[+/YPLOI/U1Z5G'[5U+J.+F5N+Q<

MT;:F5_0_2?IUB?XS23]@G_1Y/_HA4HZ$1U#)/6)GH:V=N[ POK#A5U?;
\8U


_PIXS_ !F26=.$_FY0UXXQT(FSPZTG(!&/

MKR7953JV.K;0]SJZ#N_26/?MW?\ !+.^L]&9T9W1
_ K=D8?1F.JBR7[9:VI








)^D:K6








$69V1CX^%CY%[


HUY5USBYGJM-,C:-L/8[TF?F
M5[JOH;K%J,98Z2R8[NX'WH2!XHQ ,NO]9, #&4KKBT\'C/J$]V&W)Q,NF^B[
M)M8ZD/HM#2&UG?-WI^E7]'_O8B?7U[LJC'PL:F^^^F[U;!73:YH:ZMS6_IF







&%FM#39]FN
6

46O:VL[6VUOV6_]:_P


M8ZMKG4-I^DWZ7J^E_P (K/U0&19T@YN74^C*S\B_)NJL#@YA=8^NJO;8&OVU

P?G!U#O


IFPTO#RVOW%S#
4!\T#Q1_E_C*Y6=:'^7$\-U8Y'









MHC'&#+A

MR:KF-




#?Z&94ZFT&63P8_/IM;[7_ -CZ
MI?K.7/[V
_XO_H





MFUL=@]':R[[

R/%-:JJNFME530RNL!

M\?ZR


MH);OIBT&/*O]+_GU+TI


C9+'.O^U4W-

 : !O '  ( !# %
 -@    $ .$))300&

2XP

M5&-Z:V

#$R+S R+S V+3$T.C4V.C(W( @( @( B/@T*3QR9&8Z4D1&('AM


3DY.2\P
B\R


O96QE;65N='
O

M;G


M=7)C95)E9B
B('AM;&YS.G-T179T/2)H='1P.B\O;G
N861O8F4N8V]M+WAA

B('AM;&YS.FEL;'5S=')A=&]R
M/2)H='1P.B\O;G
N861O8F4N8V]M+VEL;'5S=')A=&]R+S$N

M9&8O


N861O8F4N8V]M


3@S1#%$1C!#
40P13$S-C@B



SA$1C=&-3@V
M0S)%03(X-40T.# Y13)%0D%&031&(B!P:&]T;W-H;W Z0V]L;W)-;V1E/2(S

V
3DV-BTR+C$B/@T*

M93X-@D)3QX;7!-33I$97)I=F5D1G)O;2!S=%)E9CII;G-T86YC94E$/2)U
M=6ED.F%C-F8Y9#8X+6%C-38M-34T92TY
C9E+3-A8S8T.6(Y.#0P


T0D
P
C V.#$Q.#(R04$Q
M03

M
T4U0SE!.$
X

M(B!S=$5V=#II;G-T86YC94E$/2)X;7 N:6ED.C(T0S$T0S1&
C@R
#8X
3$X
M
#@S1D0W

C@R
#8X
3$X
#@S.#8R



3@P.#
X-C(Q-3 W
4(R.#
B('-T
M179T.G=H96X](C(P
3(M
3$M
3)4
34Z
C0Z-34M
#4Z
# B('-T179T.G-O






U(B!S


](F9R;VT@87!P;&EC871I


M+FEI9#HP-C@P
3$W-# W
C V.#$Q.$
Q-$(W138R1CA%13-&

M=VAE;CTB
C Q
BTQ
2TR
%0P.3HR.#HP-RTP-3HP



M=#IA8W1I;VX](G-A=F5D(B!S=$5V=#II;G-T86YC94E$/2)X;7 N:6ED.C X
M.# Q


#8X
3$X
C)!0T)#.34V048T
C
Y(B!S=$5V=#IW:&5N/2(R
M
#$S+3 S+3$S5#$R.C4R.C4W+3 T.C P(B!S=$5V=#IS;V9T=V%R94%G96YT


#(P-C@Q
3@R
D%!
4$S-CDP
M

3
M
#
M
3E4
3 Z


#0Z
# B
M('-T179T.G-O9G1W87)E06=E;G0](D%D;V)E($EL;'5S=')A=&]R($-3-B H

M('-T179T.F%C=&EO;CTB8V]N=F5R=&5D(B!S=$5V=#IP87)A;65T97)S/2)F




M94E$/2)X;7 N:6ED.D9%045%-30Q
T(R
#8X
3$X
T0Q1$8P0S%$
$4Q
S8X
M(B!S=$5V=#IW:&5N/2(R
#$S+3 S+3$Y5#$P.C
X.C$T+3 T.C P(B!S=$5V
M=#IS;V9T=V%R94%G96YT/2)!9&]B92!0:&]T;W-H;W @0U

M-S=!-49%
C V.#$Q.#-$
41&
$
Q1#!%
3






# P
M
6%N/2(W-XV

3 R(B!X;7!'
M.GEE;&QO=STB-C8N-SDV.#DX(B!X;7!'.F)L86-K/2(X.2XX-#
W.38B+SX-


T+C P
# P

# P




# N
# P
# P(B!X;7!'.FUO9&4](D--64LB

S
N
# P
# P(B!X;7!'.FUA9V5N=&$](C N
# P
# P
M(B!X;7!'.GEE;&QO=STB.#4N
# P
# P(B!X;7!'.F)L86-K/2(X
BXP
# P
M

@
M


# N
# P
M

# P
# P(B!X
M;7!'.FUA9V5N=&$](C N
# P
# P(B!X;7!'.GEE;&QO=STB
3 P+C P
# P
M


3(Q-2U#/3 @33TY(%D]-#4@2STP(#$B('AM
7!E/2)04D]#15-3(B!X;7!'.F-Y86X]
M(C N
# P
# P(B!X;7!'.FUA9V5N=&$](C@N.3DY.3DW(B!X;7!'.GEE;&QO
M=STB-#4N
# P
# P(B!X;7!'.F)L86-K/2(P+C P
# P



M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( H@( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @B @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( *( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( H@( @( @( @
M( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @( @
M( \/WAP86-K970@96YD/2=W)S\^_^(
6$E#0U]04D]&24Q%  $!   
2$QI

M                                               18W!R=    5

M A@    49UA96@   BP    48EA96@   D     49&UN9    E0   !P9&UD
M9    L0   (=G5E9    TP   &=FEE=P   ]0    D;'5M:0   _@    4


9U120P  !#P
M  @
8E120P  !#P   @

I(#$Y.3@@2&5W

MA   ML]D97-C         !9)14

N8V@
M     !9)14

N8V@
M                                    9&5S8P         N245#(#8Q
M.38V+3(N

         +%)E9F5R
M96YC92!6:65W:6YG($-O;F1I=&EO;B!I;B!)14
V
3DV-BTR+C$

M         0                        */     G-I9R      0U)4(&-U

 *  M #( -P [ $  10!* $\

M 

@$X 3X!
M10%

M ?(!^@(# @P% (= B8+P(X D$2P)4 ET9P)Q GHA *. I@H@*L K8
MP0++ M4X +K O4#  
+ Q8#(0
M S@#0P-/ UH#9@-R WX#B@.6 Z(#K@.Z

$( 0M!#L$2 15!&






*0PVS$2
4HQ@C&Z
M
?(R*C)C
ILRU#
-
T8S?S.X




M)4YN3K=/ $])3Y-/W5 G4'%0NU$&45!1FU'F4C%2?%+'4Q-37U.J4_940E2/






(*2

Z)

NB\Z4;IT.I;

\QGSI_0T]



* @$ __$
M +40  (! P0! P, P




M^O_$ !\!   & P$! 0            8%! 
' @@!0 *__$ +41  (! P($
M! 

)L23!
MT4-R\!?A@C0EDE
88T3QHK(F-1E4-D5D)PIS@Y-&=
+2XO)59756-X2%H[/#




CK@NG^VLG&&81R92;:&%
@!LK%*;.YO0&


MAZ+K.*/8F1[*'9^S








MUK@I]T=@[OVULG;E



(_P!LZER1Z/2?)^@3N7N!M=K5+)

M)+55VZJQW@(CF05L5+



M]^Z]U[W[KW3A493(U=%C\;55U544&)^Z&+HYZB26GQZ5TPJ*Q*.)RRTT=3./
M(ZI93(2UM3
2H::5HXH9)&


2#:?9D
6S\



M

MTW?WE?5#LT&A?\ ?CBI^U4X#[6K_I1U2?V1VOV5W!N;=':&^-S;ZSTVNU?



V\;

M;S-1/2M.F2Q.YY*&DH\;02O$R
N2^U\4K)$LLQ8


I!4






MI2TD



M'[7TCHVVU?Y




MNI^V
C_G\]!5N'^2%\DZ!99-M]C]-;@CC%TAK


M80W#V;]P[ 
YV$S1CSBDC?\ 8H8/_P 8Z*+CDSF*W!)L-:^J




J(K.[L%55!9F9C90%%RS





MS :F^UB3T



MYI9L%G&B-MLS$+&



:K'O2K595%(Y0!DL *1







MB*]DC^BV5L^-*IJX]8H\

K+X%D?QL

K2K
@(:




?F[_ .1AU&._MW7N



P[4R7(6GC:1CP+?4+;
?XU!_C?@#4/U.[L_I





M/
GS/!5!8T /1;NVZVNSV4E[=MVC  XLWDJ_

M'[#KB@/DHMK;7HYI6P6SMOB8R4V%P\






7]?) UG@\:@A_!/O)+EGG7


M7#@W.Q

MN 0?W&'08Z][]U[I3;-WEN?K[=.WMLO,U6WMT[9R$.5P6:H?$:K'9G):*I



M?AV4%8
 RD


MO:?6&S=R;_WSF:7 ;2VEBJG
YS+UC$0TM'3*/3'&H:6IJZF9EA@@C#2U$\B1


Q
TB1)%#Y72)+8$^X_/=QSWO?UH$D6UQ*%AB9@=.
M!K;  U.14\2 %740HZ@'F/?I-_OO' 9;5!1$)K3U.





?\ (OHHP/F:DFR]C?H[

D4Z +







21QS1O%*@:-A0@BH(

*_E?Y'IM
UW3\?
?7YOJB





N#]J1&JKY%]39 0B&.=^8


_L P
=:P'





M0*GU/H.)ZV;O@W\:/G-TOV!N#='RG^4$'=.V

M@

M!/F0?RZF3EO9N9MNNI9M[WH7



M#4$$5!!&









M2-EBVNR :Y-&FEI1I9*9)]%'!%X*OJQ8G(+8]EMMCL4M8!60Y=_-F]?L'!1Y
M#YU)
M.#

[M(R/&/^.*&



MI3_QX]8Q\Z_\K3O/_-0?\=7J+_+)_PR]/C)_P)#7_W19GW??O^2/?_ /-/






[GCSVX)Z#?U+M3;^3IJ; 4D.%W-.V.Q-?/EOXO69-:N+$H:EE^W


M=;HD






&:M31L@8H=)R2!#MI8O-MQ([B
L0/0

L;

MDIZ/WYE)(XJ*G1WCZYW34K)4R;8G;U:


MT_Z4\5_








M



I4QMS*PL&HHV']A/]VD?4^CZ!@
:5[GDO8;

Y)W;]T\P6LCM2VF_2?THY%#_M6DGTKUO2^XDZR8Z][]U[HEW\Q7_ +(<
M^47_ (B#='_N.OLRV7_DM;9_S4Z#W-O_ K.]?\ -!NM!7W,O6+?6^;_ R/
;#J % HI9'CKFO9OIY#N5LGZ+GO _Q







C#R934

 1D=%=Y:07UK/:72:H)%H1_E'H

GM//F$PP;JV=D)9?X)GJ=;LB2R
MQPO!51J66GK8)H@S:-1YZ\Y\J7O)O

M




6MB%+E6 !7.'/G+O
M)







?_AG]E?\ N[VK[D+DG^RW#_3K_@ZA?W8_W)V7

M:]Y_Y2!_O_YNE/^MWRM_P H3_\ .23_ *ZU1OG!U/LWHOY8=V]3]?4E90;
M
V7NU

M;:W










MD^OFGY\5^=1YCI)[C\KZU;F&QC[P )E'F. D_+@_RHWDQZUMMC;VW3UKO';.


;4)4TTP5@T



M/6H'[P3Z@?KWOW7NK_OY*YEW!+G
6U=324_7.X]W[R_AH1EJJ2JW]M?9NT8J




]E:


^M7'_A0O\
M\?\ ?&/_ 

_LK_W=[5]C[DG^RW#_3K_ (.H7]V/]R=E_P!))_A3K72]CGJ(


N?]R9_P#FJ_\ A;K+O;_]P;+_ )HI_P =



M5O.08K;:4N
I%J=%
I%.(4=_'*J2/NL^QV-M9[1?QR2-5(8X BI[ER

T/5C&6ZB_GE9G%Y+#
MUGR%^+/VF5H*S&U7BPM&LOVU=3R4\XC+]&2!7

AL2I /X]D:7/*,KQN:@

M^Y/=N]?CIG*_QX'N/#MN/:

SVB@[!V51U%55TU*C


ME:_Z4#K;-]QSU.O1+OYBO_9#GRB_\1!NC_W'7V9;+_R6ML_YJ=![FW_E6=Z_

EF_P#].?\  .LG


M([1[/V!NGK?L/:C5!BI
UAMPX7)8V@RD2L&BCSFULA7BKHY2 Q'EIRRQ5
MU







M$BAB1I)9976...-!J=Y)'(5$10222 ![T2 *GAU[HO\ O'Y'?&K'TF6V_N/Y


MK_MTD6G^\'HNG]MD-3:[J1\F2O\ 

/\'3A\0/Y3?9G27R:VEV1VSG.O]T[&

(J7;





MY&O65&S;OME[96*VM_\AB4:0ZZJA14%:Z@10U!%1T.6\^S.N.MX*2I[$W_L
MC85-7K6/05&]-UX':]/6ICQ3M7O239ROH8ZE:%:N(S%PB$J:K:A=)';SW!(

=B


335=#7XU*VNDC1S!10U

O \0:9Z!;

MNO;F.K\IUMG


A38@;CQE+V'O[








M2

MJ?:__0'0G;._D7;QGE1M_P#?NVL5 I5I(=G[

MT/V=*[?VWN#3ZK=$4?T%+?S)7_!^75^/7O6^-V'11R25D^Y-VU6!VIA=R;XR

;M^FJ*V6FB3Q15+T


1QZDZUM$ME!U%YRJAG--3:5Y_96GI/KT)

7_GZ;7Z7S6X.F/A
MW0;?[

M#TL];)U/V10XC%;PR]-3HTCQ[7WGAQCMNY;

MNFMX7GV6[


M:_X3U9@[*BLS$*BJ2Q)L% %R2?P ![%$CI&CR2

MMWRD^+?6?R[ZS@ZJ[5GW/3;8IMSXK=L4NTLK28?*_P 5P])DZ*D5JNMQF7@-
M(8
O+K3Q7)TD






M_$?



MZ Z


MGF=*'(R&



?ZV/+G^_+K_ 'M?^@.GS:_\D/X:;1W-MW=F





M5C/QB^
W7/Q


MEMZ.FD;548I_LWNUV-/8R4;?TTB
F





MF


C!$C0L?D?\_5Z
MOQ9WK_..SG=&S:;Y9=0_%S9O151%N!M[9+K[)U=5OFBE3:V;FVRF(CC[/W50




T%^






4


3UL+



M22C@1IZ@1%U'[GL2[+=[.YL]ON]K#SL^GQ*UJ6;%1C J!Q\J]1[S1MW
L0W/


NWGM




M'0I^%0

VOA


MTW'<KZWO\ <)9D6WU

&]
MV7

MM0_4V+:'/9J)-W;NV_M1*3.;EC@H\-C
IC6W )Y8Z5


E#BEVOE
9DL714^0 GH*A
6H[

M197+5U

T5)3H\FA%U.5TBU[@UO-JV2SM9[I]M0I&I-
M 

M2%1N9MKMMG^*;9_N]'LL8=
^

4*\-KLL

MU/\ C1%?E7K1W^+_ 

4+Y*IDEW'@9YGH

3@D#%5X
OYJ2/SZQ


MX


-Q$P:)U#*?4$5!_
'H3 A@#@
M]*'V]UOKWOW7NOGJ?SR/^WI'R@_\HI_\#OU)[QI]P/\ E;MV_P;7_5F/H.7




A6TO8O7^Z=T;

HX66DIWNVED)Q87UQRWN-U
MZ2@TL Q )&002OEGB/









M6N.(!QU80CI(BR1LKHZJZ.C!D=& 965E)#*P-P1P1[*.A=Q^SJIOXT_RY]P_
M&SYX=T_)':VXME47379& W7BL#L+&C
1[EP[;QR^T=W9&DDI#B8
#08;%[IP
M=0E'%!52Z:+PBR$%%$6X;Y'?[/:6$D;FZC8$L:4.D
H\ZDD$5QQKT =FY2GV


M*I;I_P VO^KR=:/ON6^L;.OI0[@P&&W5@
]-S82+K6OAW%097-Y;'[*S




66HJ6IB9DEA:6#






I[F[^\BO;;=_K]C-A(];BT;3\_
M#:I0_EW+\@HZ





M_MB27_K+T5;U#X3V+_[\@U?]595_Y]Z)E_*XQ_RSR7R&W!#\/
WL+ =A+U;G
M)=T5G9


M=K?Q!33QU4;YCRKQZ-N2EWR3=91L$D27?@-J


[
OHM;5_
M#4\E]/&KR7U?F][\^P9O7_)7W#_FJ_\ AZE7E/\ Y5O9*?\ *.O^#HY7LNZ/

M 
?3K;/]QSU.O7O?NO=%G^:7_9''RR_\5H[X_P#?6[J]J=J_Y*NV?\]
?_'^

7TG*PW&

^&& UA-(T5[OPTXD

!A)
7/35&*9\/
M)@Y-O-3G'BAM1I1^%8%6(*H


VTT[Q0UFY<135#TT]&SB2MHTA%

=4H/7
M3U^
R$%-6TDZ_E)$5A_3W(R2)*BNCAD/ @U!_
=0A+#+!(T
\3)(IH58$$?:
M#D=#=T]\LODIT%/2R=0]U=@;+I*219(\#1YVJK=I2NK!E^ZV;F#D=JUP!_X[



M_/L^.HVKVQU[\D\%0B/$]IXK^Y&]IX8[1IOG9M(AP5?526 :HS^S0M/$HO9








-*\//K5V_GJ_P#9
M;]/_ .(8V#_[M=V^Y!Y-_P21_S=;_ O4
^YO_*RK_SRI_A?H5_^$_7_ &4I

M]3KU5Q_
\DN]7TT4=20:&IR/Y!OY= GG+F


M#')


:F$OJKFHR#3T

%9

M;WPV*HJ6*22KB_CF!KS]O)*R



Z&.HH:V.B#Z_M9E41^

ME:\*@T'\)X=:YWPJLU@_G%\7CCA44V13O+8V)K(X]:31X_)9V##[@AEBXC




^V]T4-:*+=
S;E^Q^MW6VC;
:G


.UVSP\SSV
MOBJ)#&BFBE@.)\1:M2@)H






MV]Y

D\C^2JB5H





M*+;=#@MP;9VQ-GI*?(5TN7H:J
12S1_95T


MH*$M7_82TFVYT+PQS.LK1@II+
H?YCVZYW.QCAM #(LH:A-
:6&/+SZ
N1=\

*@9I13PKFG6P?GOYV?P*Q&
JJ_';QW]NBK@C9X

#S)VH.F^UNK_ (;_
M 


F7R0)
ZRZ 4TLSHSS)MESN=G#
M%:@&19-5:5%
'\^E?(V_;?L.Y7

=7Y[J_
FPF Z]S&.JZN8 ^.'[O=K;<Q<LP&IVF]*FX#
M'CV#(^4=X=@KHB+ZE@?\%3U*%Q[D<LQ1EHY)I'_A6,@G\VTC^?5%^^3V[?G
MO_

M5]28HQ/-


ED=U97N?
=4;
MLZ[_ (!B]KUPQF.RO:/6[KA*VNW#D#18AL?28[==/55!IY)Y0@:-4
@T^PCL

M* 








YF
MZ'X\?S3/B5\EM\;)ZOV%N+=E)V5OFO?&;1

0WW+NY6$4UQ-
M&IMTI5@P\R 


%;B:;&45'2KE_M\E5

M=S&[
Q*E1D4 SDG\NJN/B/VOMSHWY

&VSMJMSU?FAM@XE<K#',C4N)H)E?-TRI]W4TZ.9#9
MK*Q&]MVB^W4RS1:)2I)I2M:?/R/ 'K6^<R[7R\MN=P=PT@8J%4L3II7T ^(
+P[2PA8I'
MQM#5) 64!24N!;W



;TY<EN+:\C9MOF()TY*
M




)_+SAR42!)-V]W]F;@JB%L9)Z:G

MZ

M*OH:F*.HI:J!XZFDJHHYH725$8)+RSM[^UFL[J(/;R+1E/F/\A'$$9!H1D=5





DNJ^N\6=GU





OS)/^'JT=K;0
6AMT1B*550#3\ATIWP


M8D9V_8H)Z]=36L

M/YOK;8T.2AHH(VGJJJLR4&
V\,3V;F?BCT=U9BLMTYO/&X.I[%QO56TL+7[ICJ<10Y*DW=L3=$6/.7S
M.P,B:RJIZ'(QFGIJ^IQE1-3:E

CR3.^N1R




MSE3Y$DCK:6=I&RO%:QJXX$*H/[0.E94TU-6TU11UE/!5T=7!+355+4Q1U%-4

1J!2FOI
M:@TXG
!'IPU &GV5'0V]<=+=




X]2%EV52H])/\AC/0P[9_FI? ROA0
M;J^*^4VY5L!J_A?6O4NY

M:O\ ]:??OH+#_E#B_P!X7_-U[PX_X!^P=+;!;?P.V

/M_%122RQ8S



MWI\I/YG_ 
&_CEC:S$?$KXH4F*FDA





.0@
+?V

MC]?Y=-E3U[NVF!/\
^X7_5T]32RG_81^99C_ 

@\XI8
MF_XSK#_\9Z

]^Z]U[W[KW7@#<  WN  !<DG@  <DD^Z
M%BJJI+$X'7B5DDXZ6$.SYJ7%5FXMTY/&[.VUC*2;(9/-;@JZ?'TM#CZ:
RU


*56N(X





M[]Z^V)D33&KAPFX]Y;9V_GZ^$)Y2V
VU65M3N'+


MJ\;E(H

MV3P/ C()'11-S;NTA/^[Y(H#_:%10_(&G3!)_. [/^PJZ_%_#WK.C@I\2N



!EH'
M[RRV
6@
^4I
+-DI8QTOFR^-I

X)I

M+7T^
EJZ9-TXCK:EFI/NZE5#R31  

BN











MC1H9Z5 E+OG

M*1Y5/1QZ#M3YG[EG-%V;MCMN@B2%ZG&=K[V]3YBEID
;24U/7=:OU4N)JX
M89(UK)*R+-FE$JS

M!5B=#*[*EDND/Q!OY'^5.AP?S6Z\J*XX7Y!=-[AZ=R@?34;IVW)5]@;)IZ
M1M3G*5V&P6WM_P*DD#EY9ZS;/\ :2(!Y:X)Z@W)N'M%SC
UEO^PKMN[DTJ

J7!]5Q[#'






M*79?V








E54K!1F%-9   \?7L/M][@W=T%5F@
*Z111XD8C4# J=






=WYXO;G7'MP^GMOXC361]O!?RJ1_%U7OW=_-=


+NSNK=.*DQDM/FDZ[ZIK:GJ






#04]/BM_;









MV%M_9LE=N[.;SQSX;.5NXL'VI05F[9)JC'83/5

M)ZZIKZ.ACR/D%#(( CBQ]UI+]N+.\F







M;CSF=B87
BC34XXC@ \_6W$H?=OV\A.:=T88)AB4_9XCO_A3H4^V]N:;I=$8


ME=V=Y$?U




*@_D?LZHVRN R&$W/#3-5YERF+K(,MB,
MOAZW*X;)T=4J&:BS.)GP^;S,.+RL -XZBB,+Q.$*D#W$
]PUB\@2@IC.D@C



M1P 9G)4
Z@=JOJ*)$ Q5-42:C:W$;1&&CY]!/MW#]F=)YNN[%^/6=7&R9*KC




M#ISN[KWY7[2K)


MY8\=2N4;


M)XGRQP^WKQ4''F/S_GUN1_R__BOFNB?B=L79&Z:5L!OKL/-9#N/MZG*+'7XW



W9MZJJ\5O#L;.9O^#=!=896CB/WT6\=_1%

YAJ^AVH8]QU&!EVYM-/L]E93%-(

?0!1DU\Z]



WD!4@Y\N!_R'B.K;/B9\7MN?%'9V]]B[6JQ6
MX7<?9VX=[XIY/NWK:'Y+&X/$X;!UU36SU
]54X:@PJ1-*)DS7EQ^0QK(O
M)')MKR38;CMME)JMI;QYEXU,J*B$DDDHJ 5K0\:M CV/9HMDM[FVA:L;S





3CJ[I#X[=H5F'K
W_=OL:NZ[S:45%75
M\]#MO?FR\Y)D


MQ

3LCL?(4R]15T\.






M#4FS^M=M9;/2Z/%]Y7/0P%(J#$Q5$L$57F\WD)8L;CH-:FHKJE8Q9BOLL]C.






M7#[.PDWVT
#$T/R%<_;UXG45/5\?



S$GQ$=JEZDDU5AG.2-1R3T4W%SXM%7$?

6/U][NY)@\Q,I;Z=HWC/\ 0D&@C[*CI)56I7SK7[1U!H<MH;&2,X)2LVA)
M*0?K]K_%:G4WY)\4'^\^R:]AK^\4'G%? ?[;P%I_O3?RZNI6BD^J_P7III\

HZH#32




M\NC#;(W;-492+%_&+H/'83










3#'.X 52


[<_58K
M557CNU-I;3W(:6EJ*FL:.TJ0
&5B*;;D[?-YCMWDA\%'0.[
:$2/#+'-I'&

%7OB#_9:OA?\:.K=
MTIC

;0K1J'%3IB

8]NVR&-BII
MJJ[8!.*:
FE.!ZV@-NQYJ#;^!@W)54U?N*'#XR+/5M% *6BK
U'10)E:JDI@

^Q+#_
M '75




58ZM
M&XIJB32ZM9A*?L?N9W;EGF;E R$7

M^




MS5
.@]ZY99*[;F(JJ_KK
5E562/7;#Q4$=3G-L/4EY\I4939M/10!&B::N?%


^GEZC'5GARS(T[NHCF+B.:.56B6*H5%RB4$@Q:6A;$T4@KZHT7
M



/P\VCD((L1V

L DBK
9NO=-?/6TC+K:3)8& 1K([!6R ]P
MC:[5RUMG*NSQK#:W3B

UW/KFD+S.=3$\3Z?

MQTSU%)+CU


MCJ[93]@;BAQDE73XS#T[QSYG)RUU!0M#3
_
%']Y54T51D*FQ6-!J*\N5*J0

G4;#^&G251!3[




E)5 #BTT-3]LS








MM3L_(6[[S=1W%RS&:9@?&G)+

4BL


1Q.[+&!0  QK?V^
MG_2L704\JCIP&N%'^KB.DS4=@0T[;@W_ (YUI*&KEIM_XGQGPK3G&XWI+Y?;

!Z=5THD.N:\A4T9A(H'J/I[Y*#T_6N5I\SU[52I


M -S[NI-KXI?[_;_GV?OWH0=
[EV?E+#%[4VOFZ:IKZS)PU5&^Z:(SF%6C=0^

ME(MOU%-2['V[EH:IS)YL5B







MS4DTU

N%E5WJX*R:JHZ&20@1Q

[(B(6=B%55#
S
S65547
6%5B<!3<L+
H_P ?




?F99\+@NQ
FC9O%9)WJ%

!7X_A 84\ZB-[BVC9BZ




*








MBIR22W;^?3OMS%U^Z,[B]O8H/)D,O60T=.7DG$49D/[E14/&LCQTM+&DE8


92RAS)(H


=*C3^
::0I!3Q*TDKHBLPO.T5LLU
MU/,D5K$[$NV$7P8_#2IIQ,A.E0S$44$XZO'')(RJB$N?(?
U_P=688KJ/XT
M_#&B@W!\J
C0=W=]F%*W&?'#9F2AK-J[1J9-%53)V7GHQ-25=9&!&9(95--9

9\-?PJ0S\:L=5:QGM!REM;6

M8&/#8NDEJ7@KJ/&JM9FJ7'8VF
O0QTTLQ%?\
M4?\ !T:B+LNLWC2;AEZYP-?_  [=&V\M@]I;@S



5QTOL]N
2Z9-PF6)/3XV_E11]M3]G1B

M]2]@X-\YGTJ*D-+28YDK*R1R6
LP8FEAD+:K^65=1!^J(P]J_:#E67FWF^&]

4'XB/L!H/








MM/9/QUV'\
M?LC3)-0U]+V7!N_?._




[1P^2;/5.;PVY\XTLLPW#V%M



;3SY'9U?MWM+;T$DFJ

R&
ZPAX]^MMYY?OY$A-Y);7S

M)$J




MU&C%D.#I)HRG4

MLP9@N!T=#XV]59[#TT6]7V]6;CW!NS.8[K_KC!X)\;D
KG-QYS)1XBCPV&H)


MT$NTL9C

KD


-#UOLUI4UTT%.L=85$<A$%0LDDH&NDW#?)EN=[(\%6+1VZ?V49)J21_
MHDAKW.Q)/I% %IN([=6BLEIBA<_$?L]!T6'IWJOL'Y [UJ
'MFDS.2EBQ&Z



M6'*RTDSPS&6K'8K78H&6$(UX*#Q !J=A6:)UXE59P86& VE:U/2N@2HC +#S


.:^#&9SNW/8'9W








MP=/


D


X%

O&8+_JM7!](L;GEK#@@J+ ?VOH/2


M

QM9
M(=ZC0O):24\190ITR)@6&5:Q3%172P9U726Z7QRT50YJ#@
.!_S'Y?LZ(O\
MP
W-T=\T-D]L4'ER&TMRX;8')YLD1L9F]OT.'Q^%H:&HJZ['YRCJJS'=09




6IXE8TKJ0YIZ


MD%O.DQ

MXS&Q14$GDJ5D

-W.V!P+$+Y
P4
U*X J3PK2
%S\NMA
M'K;I+)[4V?CNN]A;:JNM(LGG/L
#UIL#*9G+[M?NF@P%'W!V)UKO#?U31P;O
MR
F\=F=:;?I::#$M0U=XH(5KJI$D:HEK;ML2UA%IM-D1)J^W3* )'5JYHRI&


M3


M
YZDFQV^SVV'P;*W6-/.G$_



..@ &HDZC3G[?1##^Y;=_U7 
I'DO$




F.W#C


]/44[



%=Q#/$^HDB/5R P
M!9PD)(8+_@-0!L%M1+N&[/Z,RD$\*^N,CCP('R&H T@4II%*8ZDJ;G@L=1
M'KL=9O=_PO
FCU  7NW  464)%4U!.3Q\_7R\Z9 'FV  HI[KMI[$*A%[AV8



/Q*10@FN13/;K5J1P]/Q7$D9X53S!X


3;<N/^V,LN1;QP4%(LD%'X:&!-<V3;*Y&KDDFK4TK+Y
M8_[KY]2WL:NE
U[:
17RPE !Q;6Q-6Z2RL&C /$'H_7POZJR7;_S8Z)V#6Y:
MNRU%NS?8IZ+!4=4L
.VK3TTL^[*VDI$$D29/!;CRE?153):*HQJ:@Q;TF?
M)VR6E_N%O;_3L*4

V?


J:Y
M3XWNQ_;B$[L1:P^SAQ<)#<_\=*9_]M[EJ2+PY Q;]--1_P<:P+_ (4;H+ @

M&G!
L:6%C)=2#RB'$_ZO
]*G^8%\F.O-P3;;^*OQGI:;!?&?HRJFIJ)\1+Y(

)4

M+&A0D@59%=@!Q

/.3FXF!5:!=2QX=S0 5<IP%58=2/M'(
K




'\1^?\(_
MSF=RU6P,U9D*^9IIG
:[GFN;ART[L2Q/F3_ *L#R&!TE?9=TQT:CXG?%7?GRD[5VGLSXG


MR7N?.6]6-A;P2+8


-MC:F%QVW\#BJ8$0T.*Q5+

M[09&DBJ8FY241^2




C@1Z +@XK2N*=


MKQC;US^T^^C-$)]Q[QQU9V:E/'!2)2[AK
[$


 A#-+*=UOK&8ZMRC5WB8@'QH70D*V-+20@D$TTLBL

'CY

M


MJ90L-[;VK+Z:&4B7^4##\^H:W5S]#:P#\

MVFL^$VIBHZ'*]G;ZGI_N
;L[UE56U53BW$61W#EY9GIZ&A#J9YH'9RM/#4
MR1VYMYFMN6K!I[A0UW*/TXC^)RSNY;_A:-(%;R9DT9 927V%DUW* /@'$^@X
M?MQCJQ'^87\M^NOC%UC'_+[^'I@PM%B
?-ANY=Y8FK26NIA5)ISFTY
W $?)




9

@C*]%5O;RW+A8D)J:?GZ?/[!GK=9^./\ +U^-
M_P 7]JX+;C8W%]R9[!0Q:7R^V\5@.KJ;*#&[ QE;G%Z\QBO1;SW'E6ZIVYD*







MR

M

7ZRW;-&F9P3KY,77S1(D[EVZ9D@KHP


CJ:


'N ^%.H&N


F-Z'Y
I!
MV.X;/S);4$:.0

;F8
;N'%UD
E+64.9H8:BKI9D*34U0BJD
M=1%+&Q#+*LBL#8@CV?[-[Y\];9I6^G@OK?A2:,!J?)X]!)^;Z^D-YR5LEU4Q
M1OY_@:H_P!Y;4/R%.JZ_D)_*R^ 7R9BK:Y.KH_C7V;40!
=V3T1'0[/IHZF
M
3RPC/;-H*2/8^=HJFMF$E7YL6E9.H(^\B)U^Y$L/=/D#FYX[7F?93MU\V%F
M4ZD!X9D4(Z D^:%:?$].@+NOMU=1(\MBZS*/(#0_^\U*M^1!/D.M5KYI?RT/
MD!_+ZWM#N#M00]A]%Y2OFDV9\@=E8ZL7;




M-O*NJ=)\E%GI:T W!



MT


D:

GT^?VGR]!^74/^4O_ 3J_P36
Q7






MAQ\4%

M\*GN






G5P+6=
;5R4!#T

?A;U?Q]Q%8E/D#_ *(1ZG\'R[O





MFFQV W_.:?&[5W_/Z88*?
']JBVSNZJ-K#T4%=*2(O!*T=.^7GMI[TVN]BWV





I5=*]@X-]U=1U^09JMGV%FZBHB7;U14O
_FRNQ\
M[22T+LS))

M&%(@^XC
$K*/A(Q]G^QU7-U!VIN3ICMOK'N;:]6B;IZTWUM;?F#J:I/NHUS6





M%=%&I!W?NO*4U/5)%+3SQXTU

M@-/#Q''^_'&?Z H@X$MD=R[L


MCV.^4?;7FGG*19-OLS%MI.;B6JQ4\].*R'Y(#0_$5X]$&Z\Q[;M 99YM5Q_O

M?DCVLY=Y+$=S'']5O5




M[Q[YK!B=K8F6H3977N*JIVV[M6BE;29 ''+9ZLB4?=Y9!+



5U!([24SNK


+5+
M#E





MRJ

-''





MMN6N)?Z(HOYL?\*ANA2PO76W\44EGB;*52@?NUP#0JP_*4@'B _IK\A'X/N?








MAIO





JHD

C%IK
1F
M*$R$Q5$+*X#





2?*7W@XV$-GSE8
MZ7X?40H^V2+B/4F

M /0F^SCI9U[W[KW5;_\ 

EG.D^PZJ'QU6



MLVQ!]KD_\^CIR@ZIV]&0TU5DZ@VY!FIXD/\ KB.F#_\ )WL\M/N]\FPD/=;A
M?S'TUQHO[%BU?\:Z0R\^[N^(H($'V
3_ #:G\NE#1[&VI1$&/#P3
/S6--6

(M[*U
MCA@'!4544?8% '\NB.6669S)-*SN?-B2?VGK/[4]-]1JJJIJ&GGK*VH@I:2E

\CA445))H !Q))X#

M_P GW:6_'RF__C#+C-@[LE


M9WA+



MO/=VP


M_P!Y-&_EUJI?\*3OY?+X?-XG^8'U5A1/@]Q##[
^0V/QT-1+#2Y?Q0X[9G8D
MH@\]/3X_/TD46*KIK4\
5?#1R7EJ*YV 5]P-E)1.8;.(.433
OE)$?6GIQ!Q




W_ /RX_AYN+$R++2)T
;^\L-DF6XVC;9D^!H4(_9T(K8


%_PD=$


F3K8RW

7/V^&A4 CYR./ET$;[W&F:J[;8*H_BD-3_



'6E
M5 


M4Y84V'W$5HMM[@CZJ&



M
7B]P[+K0QVSN/$5E
?N)X
ICXP9B)Y/%6+-$S:XV QUYXYJ]RN6^8MQV:^Y
MCNXPC5C*
O<.X(I05:GS/96\LC3:&!!1::JS,E.L9!_2%


MC3 Q1 

]H)IG






4/52_=?\E/I

-31T]



M&'VZC]G5/&\?Y:?R]VSD][TN$ZSE[$Q6Q
^NWLAGMBY3&9./)5;8C'YM3B-O





M
ABLU'/DMA]CXA:F?:?8&WX9DC&1PU=/'%)3Y3&
R)64
PCJ:24KJ4Q21220




M._[4KQ135-.\-9 R30R0RS030R+)%))&RNV


MCI&^RWI/US52Q554LS$!5 )))-@ !R23[OQHJC'7NC!];?$_Y*]O1XZHZ[Z0
M[&W#C

^H2@B%#P.C4/XNAUMO)



M$?L/13=[?R]_ACO\RR9SX][$H9I]3/-L^#(]?N)&_P!V@;%R&W8C(6Y.I2&/


MU3

MW[[-!-=LZL@(JFD%AY:F*L2!Y#YGH.MI_P I+X1[9
;U_7NXMZ3Q:2D^[-^;
MI(+K_:EI-MU^V\?-?\J\+(?]3[*++V/]N[
#Q=JEN&'G+-)_@C:-3^8ITE@Y
M&Y=AIJMGD_TSM_@4J/Y=&YZ^^








end













							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Jun. 30
 2019
Aug. 22
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018































  2019
























































































Entity Common Stock
 Shares Outstanding



218
650






































458
202
287






























































































Fiscal period values are FY
 Q1
 Q2
 and Q3.  1st
 2nd and 3rd quarter 10-Q or 10-QT statements have value Q1
 Q2
 and Q3 respectively
 with 10-K
 10-KT or other fiscal year statements having FY.




























This is focus fiscal year of the document report in CCYY format. For a 2006 annual report
 which may also provide financial information from prior periods
 fiscal 2006 should be given as the fiscal year focus. Example: 2006.




























The end date of the period reflected on the cover page if a periodic report. For all other reports and registration statements containing historical data
 it is the date up through which that historical data is presented.  If there is no historical data in the report
 use the filing date. The format of the date is CCYY-MM-DD.




























The type of document being provided (such as 10-K
 10-Q
 485BPOS
 etc). The document type is limited to the same value as the supporting SEC submission type
 or the word 'Other'.

























































Indicate number of shares or other units outstanding of each of registrant's classes of capital or common stock or other ownership interests
 if and as stated on cover of related periodic report. Where multiple classes or units exist define each class/interest by adding class of stock items such as Common Class A [Member]
 Common Class B [Member] or Partnership Interest [Member] onto the Instrument [Domain] of the Entity Listings
 Instrument.




























Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' whether registrants (1) have filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that registrants were required to file such reports)
 and (2) have been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.

























































Indicate whether the registrant is one of the following: Large Accelerated Filer
 Accelerated Filer
 Non-accelerated Filer. Definitions of these categories are stated in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. This information should be based on the registrant's current or most recent filing containing the related disclosure.




























The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold
 or the average bid and asked price of such common equity
 as of the last business day of the registrant's most recently completed second fiscal quarter.




























The exact name of the entity filing the report as specified in its charter
 which is required by forms filed with the SEC.



















































































































Indicate 'Yes' or 'No' if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer
 as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Is used on Form Type: 10-K
 10-Q
 8-K
 20-F
 6-K
 10-K/A
 10-Q/A
 20-F/A
 6-K/A
 N-CSR
 N-Q
 N-1A.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018











526


557



Accounts receivable
 less allowance for doubtful accounts of $588 and $1
828
 respectively

945


708





887


525





429


946







851





787


051
587



Property
 plant and equipment
 net

362


172





008
979


024
136



Trademarks and other intangible assets
 net

211


387





890


725





391


667





582
620


946
674












298


993





940


001





919


605







846





157


445



Long-term debt
 less current portion

537


501





910


909





697


770





063
301


209
625

















Preferred stock - $.01 par value
 authorized 5
000 shares; issued and outstanding: none






Common stock - $.01 par value
 authorized 150
000 shares; issued: 108
833 and 108
422 shares
 respectively; outstanding: 104
219 and 103
952 shares
 respectively

088


084





158
257


148
196





017


516





004)


240)





629
358


843
556



Less: Treasury stock
 at cost
 4
614 and 4
470 shares
 respectively

039)


507)





519
319


737
049





582
620


946
674

































































Amount
 after allowance for credit loss
 of right to consideration from customer for product sold and service rendered in normal course of business
 classified as current.




























Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Accumulated change in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources
 net of tax effect
 at period end. Excludes Net Income (Loss)
 and accumulated changes in equity from transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Includes foreign currency translation items
 certain pension adjustments
 unrealized gains and losses on certain investments in debt and equity securities
 other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses related to factors other than credit losses on available-for-sale and held-to-maturity debt securities that an entity does not intend to sell and it is not more likely than not that the entity will be required to sell before recovery of the amortized cost basis
 as well as changes in the fair value of derivatives related to the effective portion of a designated cash flow hedge.




























Excess of issue price over par or stated value of the entity's capital stock and amounts received from other transactions involving the entity's stock or stockholders. Includes adjustments to additional paid in capital. Some examples of such adjustments include recording the issuance of debt with a beneficial conversion feature and certain tax consequences of equity instruments awarded to employees. Use this element for the aggregate amount of additional paid-in capital associated with common and preferred stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only common stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 common stock. For additional paid-in capital associated with only preferred stock
 use the element additional paid in capital
 preferred stock.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts as of the balance sheet date of all assets that are expected to be realized in cash
 sold
 or consumed within one year (or the normal operating cycle
 if longer). Assets are probable future economic benefits obtained or controlled by an entity as a result of past transactions or events.
























































Amount classified as assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Excludes cash and cash equivalents within disposal group and discontinued operation.




























Represents the caption on the face of the balance sheet to indicate that the entity has entered into (1) purchase or supply arrangements that will require expending a portion of its resources to meet the terms thereof
 and (2) is exposed to potential losses or
 less frequently
 gains
 arising from (a) possible claims against a company's resources due to future performance under contract terms
 and (b) possible losses or likely gains from uncertainties that will ultimately be resolved when one or more future events that are deemed likely to occur do occur or fail to occur.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.7-03.(a)
19)



























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable common stock (or common stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable common shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences with jurisdictional netting.

























































Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))



























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.






















































































Amount of liabilities and equity items
 including the portion of equity attributable to noncontrolling interests
 if any.




























Total obligations incurred as part of normal operations that are expected to be paid during the following twelve months or within one business cycle
 if longer.
























































Amount classified as liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt
 classified as current. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19
20)



























Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.

























































Amount of liabilities classified as other
 due after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Aggregate par or stated value of issued nonredeemable preferred stock (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer). This item includes treasury stock repurchased by the entity. Note: elements for number of nonredeemable preferred shares
 par value and other disclosure concepts are in another section within stockholders' equity.




























Amount of asset related to consideration paid in advance for costs that provide economic benefits within a future period of one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.
























































The amount allocated to treasury stock. Treasury stock is common and preferred shares of an entity that were issued
 repurchased by the entity
 and are held in its treasury.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018









Accounts receivable
 allowance for doubtful accounts (in dollars)



828



Preferred stock
 par value (USD per share)






Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Preferred stock
 shares issued






Preferred stock
 shares outstanding






Common stock
 par value (USD per share)






Common stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Common stock
 shares issued

833
000


422
000



Common stock
 shares
 outstanding

219
000


952
000



Treasury stock
 shares

614
000


470
000







Amount of allowance for credit loss on accounts receivable
 classified as current.






















































































Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.



















































































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.






















































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.29
30)








































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands



Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017













302
468


457
769


343
505





857
255


942
321


824
109





213


448


396



Selling
 general and administrative expenses

949


634


583





294


202


988





107


026


388



Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
 net

156









460)







Accounting review and remediation costs
 net of insurance proceeds

334


293


562







700







719


033


452





886)


040


423



Interest and other financing expense
 net

078


925


115



Other expense/(income)
 net

023


087)







987)


202


878





697)




466














945)


428


541



Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
 net of tax

369)


734)


889





314)


694


430













































































076


848


611





076


477


248







Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan Expense
 Net




























Interest and Other Expenses
 Net




























Property Plant And Equipment
 Removal Of Machinery Expense




























The aggregate expense charged against earnings to allocate the cost of intangible assets (nonphysical assets not used in production) in a systematic and rational manner to the periods expected to benefit from such assets. As a noncash expense
 this element is added back to net income when calculating cash provided by or used in operations using the indirect method.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.2(a)
(d))

















































































































The net amount (to the extent disclosed within this portion of the income statement) by which an insurance settlement exceeds incremental costs incurred from the event causing an interruption of business
 plus the insurance award for earnings lost from the event
 such as a natural catastrophe
 explosion or fire.


























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)





















































































Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations before deduction of income tax expense (benefit) and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest
 and addition of income (loss) from equity method investments.






















































































Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation attributable to the parent. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Per basic share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.




























Per diluted share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.


















































































































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.

























































Amount of income (expense) related to nonoperating activities
 classified as other.




























A fee charged for services from professionals such as doctors
 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))



























Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.




























The aggregate total costs related to selling a firm's product and services
 as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Direct selling expenses (for example
 credit
 warranty
 and advertising) are expenses that can be directly linked to the sale of specific products. Indirect selling expenses are expenses that cannot be directly linked to the sale of specific products
 for example telephone expenses
 Internet
 and postal charges. General and administrative expenses include salaries of non-sales personnel
 rent
 utilities
 communication
 etc.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.
























































Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017













314)


694


430














180)


497


951)























097)


225


415)



























































180)


497


951)























112)


239


368)





426)


933


062







Amount after tax of increase (decrease) in equity from transactions and other events and circumstances from net income and other comprehensive income
 attributable to parent entity. Excludes changes in equity resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount before tax
 after reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).
























































Amount before tax
 after reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
 -Subparagraph (b
d)



























Amount after tax and reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.
 -Subparagraph (b
c)



























Amount of tax expense (benefit)
 after reclassification adjustments of gain (loss) on foreign currency translation adjustments
 foreign currency transactions designated and effective as economic hedges of a net investment in a foreign entity and intra-entity foreign currency transactions that are of a long-term-investment nature.








































































































































































































Amount of tax expense (benefit)
 before reclassification adjustments
 related to increase (decrease) in accumulated gain (loss) from derivative instruments designated and qualifying as the effective portion of cash flow hedges and an entity's share of an equity investee's increase (decrease) in deferred hedging gain (loss).

























































Amount after tax
 before reclassification adjustments
 of unrealized holding gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities.


































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }














Beginning balance at Jun. 30
 2016

664
514


075


123
206


392


048)


111)



Beginning balance
 shares at Jun. 30
 2016



479






018
000






















430






430









368)










368)









995




999)





Issuance of common stock pursuant to compensation plans
 shares









000







865




865











268)








268)





Shares withheld for payment of employee payroll taxes due on shares issued under stock-based compensation plans
 shares









000







658




658









Ending balance at Jun. 30
 2017

712
832


080


137
724


822


315)


479)



Ending balance
 shares at Jun. 30
 2017



989






287
000






















694






694









239










239


















Issuance of common stock pursuant to compensation plans
 shares
















192)








192)





Shares withheld for payment of employee payroll taxes due on shares issued under stock-based compensation plans
 shares









000







476




476









Ending balance at Jun. 30
 2018

737
049


084


148
196


516


507)


240)



Ending balance
 shares at Jun. 30
 2018

422
000


422






470
000






















314)






314)









112)










112)


















Issuance of common stock pursuant to compensation plans
 shares
















532)








532)





Shares withheld for payment of employee payroll taxes due on shares issued under stock-based compensation plans
 shares









000







065




065









Ending balance at Jun. 30
 2019

519
319


088


158
257


017


039)


004)



Ending balance
 shares at Jun. 30
 2019

833
000


833






614
000



































































Amount of increase in additional paid in capital (APIC) resulting from a tax benefit associated with share-based compensation plan other than an employee stock ownership plan (ESOP). Includes
 but is not limited to
 excess tax benefit.




























Total number of common shares of an entity that have been sold or granted to shareholders (includes common shares that were issued
 repurchased and remain in the treasury). These shares represent capital invested by the firm's shareholders and owners
 and may be all or only a portion of the number of shares authorized. Shares issued include shares outstanding and shares held in the treasury.

























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.






















































































Number
 after forfeiture
 of shares or units issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes shares or units issued under employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).




























Value
 after forfeiture
 of shares issued under share-based payment arrangement. Excludes employee stock ownership plan (ESOP).




























Total of all stockholders' equity (deficit) items
 net of receivables from officers
 directors
 owners
 and affiliates of the entity which are attributable to the parent. The amount of the economic entity's stockholders' equity attributable to the parent excludes the amount of stockholders' equity which is allocable to that ownership interest in subsidiary equity which is not attributable to the parent (noncontrolling interest
 minority interest). This excludes temporary equity and is sometimes called permanent equity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017
Jun. 30
 2016













Common stock
 par value (USD per share)




















































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





































314)


694


430



Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
 net of tax

369)


734)


889





945)


428


541














914


809


568





790)


503)


456)












Stock-based compensation
 net

932


177


658





719


733


452



Other non-cash items
 net

225




813



Increase (decrease) in cash attributable to changes in operating assets and liabilities
 net of amounts applicable to acquisitions:










194


841)


494





648


036)







758)


269)


109





697


396)


521)





972)


286


957





519


308


695














128)


891)


307)





145




419



Acquisitions of businesses
 net of cash acquired



368)


544)





983)


521)


432)














000


000


000





791)


220)


203)







245







000)


750)





Repayments of other debt
 net

171)




199)





029


568)


921)









498)





532)


193)


268)





465)


482)


089)





102)




114)














250)


086)


772)





941


752)


813)





151)


361


591





460)


477)


994)





491)


975)


066





017


992


926





526


017


992







460)


937)





526


557


055





























































































Amount of write-down of assets recognized in the income statement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 losses from tangible assets
 intangible assets and goodwill.




























Amount of cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage. Excludes amount for disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including
 but not limited to
 disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of increase (decrease) in cash
 cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; including effect from exchange rate change. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities of discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities of discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of operating activities of discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.

























































The aggregate expense recognized in the current period that allocates the cost of tangible assets
 intangible assets
 or depleting assets to periods that benefit from use of the assets.




























Amount of increase (decrease) from effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents
 and cash and cash equivalents restricted to withdrawal or usage; held in foreign currencies. Excludes amounts for disposal group and discontinued operations. Cash includes
 but is not limited to
 currency on hand
 demand deposits with banks or financial institutions
 and other accounts with general characteristics of demand deposits. Cash equivalents include
 but are not limited to
 short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.

























































Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation attributable to the parent. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.



















































































































The increase (decrease) during the reporting period in the aggregate value of all inventory held by the reporting entity
 associated with underlying transactions that are classified as operating activities.





















































































Amount of increase (decrease) in prepaid expenses
 and assets classified as other.

















































































































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of financing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Financing activity cash flows include obtaining resources from owners and providing them with a return on
 and a return of
 their investment; borrowing money and repaying amounts borrowed
 or settling the obligation; and obtaining and paying for other resources obtained from creditors on long-term credit.
























































Amount of cash inflow (outflow) of investing activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Investing activity cash flows include making and collecting loans and acquiring and disposing of debt or equity instruments and property
 plant
 and equipment and other productive assets.




























Amount of cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities
 excluding discontinued operations. Operating activity cash flows include transactions
 adjustments
 and changes in value not defined as investing or financing activities.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























Amount of income (expense) included in net income that results in no cash inflow (outflow)
 classified as other.

























































The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of a business
 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.




























Amount of cash outflow from the acquisition of or improvements to long-lived
 physical assets used to produce goods and services and not intended for resale
 classified as other.




























The cash inflow from a debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the operating cycle
 if longer.




























The cash inflow from a contractual arrangement with the lender
 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with maturities due beyond one year or the operating cycle
 if longer.

























































The cash outflow for debt initially having maturity due after one year or beyond the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























The cash outflow for the settlement of obligation drawn from a contractual arrangement with the lender
 including letter of credit
 standby letter of credit and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a specific amount at any point in time with maturities due beyond one year or the operating cycle
 if longer.































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019

Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]





The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
 a Delaware corporation
 was founded in 1993 and is headquartered in Lake Success
 New York. The Company&#8217;s mission has continued to evolve since its founding
 with health and wellness being the core tenet.  The Company continues to be a leading marketer
 manufacturer and seller of organic and natural
 &#8220;better-for-you&#8221; products by anticipating and exceeding consumer expectations in providing quality
 innovation
 value and convenience. The Company is committed to growing sustainably while continuing to implement environmentally sound business practices and manufacturing processes.  Hain Celestial sells its products through specialty and natural food distributors
 supermarkets
 natural food stores
 mass-market and e-commerce retailers
 food service channels and club
The Company manufactures
 markets
 distributes and sells organic and natural products under brand names that are sold as &#8220;better-for-you&#8221; products
 with many recognized brands in the various market categories it serves
 including Almond Dream
 Arrowhead Mills
 Bearitos
 Better Bean
 BluePrint
 Casbah
 Celestial Seasonings
 Clarks
 Coconut Dream
 Cully &amp; Sully
 Danival
 DeBoles
 Earth&#8217;s Best
 Ella&#8217;s Kitchen
 Europe&#8217;s Best
 Farmhouse Fare
 Frank Cooper&#8217;s
 Gale&#8217;s
 Garden of Eatin&#8217;
 GG UniqueFiber
 Hain Pure Foods
 Hartley&#8217;s
 Health Valley
 Imagine
 Johnson&#8217;s Juice Co.
 Joya
 Lima
 (under license)
 MaraNatha
 Mary Berry (under license)
 Natumi
 New Covent Garden Soup Co.
 Orchard House
 Rice Dream
 Robertson&#8217;s
 Rudi&#8217;s Gluten-Free Bakery
 Rudi&#8217;s Organic Bakery
 Sensible Portions
 Organics
 Soy Dream
 Sun-Pat
 Sunripe
 SunSpire
 Terra
 The Greek Gods
 Walnut Acres
 Yorkshire Provender
 Yves Veggie Cuisine
 Avalon Organics
 Earth&#8217;s Best
 JASON
Historically
 the Company divided its business into core platforms
 which are defined by common consumer need
 route-to-market or internal advantage and are aligned with the Company&#8217;s strategic roadmap to continue its leadership position in the organic and natural
 &#8220;better-for-you&#8221; products industry.&#160;Those core platforms within our United States segment are:
 which includes infant foods
 infant and toddler formula
 toddler and kids foods and diapers that nurture and care for babies and toddlers
 under the Earth&#8217;s Best
 which includes core consumer staples
 such as MaraNatha
 Arrowhead Mills
 Imagine
 which includes wholesome products for in-between meals
 such as Terra
 Sensible Portions
 which includes yogurt
 plant-based proteins and other refrigerated products
 such as The Greek Gods
 which includes personal care products focused on providing consumers with cleaner and gentler ingredients
 such as JASON
 Live Clean
 Avalon Organics
Additionally
 beginning in fiscal 2017
 the Company launched Hain Ventures (formerly known as &#8220;Cultivate Ventures&#8221;)
 a venture unit with a twofold purpose: (i) to strategically invest in the Company&#8217;s smaller brands in high potential categories
 by giving these brands a dedicated
During fiscal 2019
 the Company refined its strategy within the United States segment
 focusing on simplifying the Company&#8217;s portfolio and reinvigorating profitable sales growth through removing uneconomic investment
 realigning resources to coincide with individual brand role
 reducing unproductive stock-keeping units (&#8220;SKUs&#8221;) and brands
 and reassessing current pricing architecture.  As part of this initiative
The Company&#8217;s &#8220;Get Bigger&#8221; brands represent its strongest brands with higher margins
 which compete in categories with strong growth. In order to capitalize on the potential of these brands
 the Company began reallocating resources to optimize assortment and increase share of distribution. In addition
The Company&#8217;s &#8220;Get Better&#8221; brands are the brands in which the Company is primarily focused on simplification and expansion of profit.  Some of these are low margin
 non-strategic brands that add complexity with minimal benefit to the Company&#8217;s operations.  Accordingly
 in fiscal 2019
 the Company initiated a SKU rationalization
 low velocity SKUs. The elimination of these SKUs is expected to impact sales growth in the next fiscal year
As part of the Company&#8217;s overall strategy
 the Company may seek to dispose of businesses and brands that are less profitable or are otherwise less of a strategic fit within our core portfolio.  Accordingly
 tofu
 seitan and tempeh businesses in the United States.   Additionally
 on August 27
 2019
 the Company sold the entities comprising its Tilda operating segment and certain other assets of the Tilda business.  See Note 21
Subsequent Event
As part of the Company&#8217;s historical strategic review
 it focused on a productivity initiative
 which it called &#8220;Project Terra.&#8221;  A key component of this project was the identification of global cost savings
 and the removal  of complexity from the business.  This review has included and continues to include streamlining the Company&#8217;s manufacturing plants
 co-packers and supply chain
 eliminating served categories or brands within those categories
In fiscal 2019
 the Company announced a new transformation initiative
In March 2018
 the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors approved a plan to sell all of the operations of the Hain Pure Protein Corporation (&#8220;HPPC&#8221;) operating segment
 which includes the Plainville Farms and FreeBird businesses
 and the EK Holdings
 Inc. (&#8220;Empire Kosher&#8221; or &#8220;Empire&#8221;) operating segment
 which were reported in the aggregate as the Hain Pure Protein reportable segment. These dispositions were being undertaken to reduce complexity in the Company&#8217;s operations and simplify the Company&#8217;s brand portfolio
Collectively
On February&#160;15
 2019
On June 28
 2019
and Empire Kosher businesses. See Note 5
Discontinued Operations
The Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries.  Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  Investments in affiliated companies in which the Company exercises significant influence
 but which it does not control
 are accounted for under the equity method of accounting.  As such
Unless otherwise indicated
 references in these consolidated financial statements to 
 
June&#160;30
The financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (&#8220;U.S. GAAP&#8221;).  The accounting principles we use require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and amounts of income and expenses during the reporting periods presented.  These estimates include
 among others
 revenue recognition
 trade promotions and sales incentives
 valuation of accounts and chargeback receivables
 accounting for acquisitions
 valuation of long-lived assets
 goodwill and intangible assets
 stock-based compensation
 and valuation allowances for deferred tax assets.  We believe in the quality and reasonableness of our critical accounting estimates; however
 materially different amounts may be reported under different conditions or using assumptions different from those that we have consistently applied.







The entire disclosure for the nature of an entity's business
 major products or services
 principal markets including location
 and the relative importance of its operations in each business and the basis for the determination
 including but not limited to
 assets
 revenues
 or earnings. For an entity that has not commenced principal operations
 disclosures about the risks and uncertainties related to the activities in which the entity is currently engaged and an understanding of what those activities are being directed toward.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019







The Company considers cash and cash equivalents to include cash in banks
The Company sells its products through specialty and natural food distributors
 supermarkets
 natural foods stores
 mass-market and e-commerce retailers
 food service channels and club
he majority of our revenue contracts represent a single performance obligation related to the fulfillment of customer orders for the purchase of our products.  We recognize revenue as performance obligations are fulfilled when control passes to our customers.  Our customer contracts typically contain standard terms and conditions. In instances where formal written contracts are not in place we consider the customer purchase orders to be contracts based on the criteria outlined in ASC 606
Payment terms and conditions vary by customer and are based on the billing schedule established in our contracts or purchase orders with customers
; therefore
Sales includes shipping and handling charges billed to the customer and are reported net of discounts
 trade promotions and sales incentives
 consumer coupon programs and other costs
 including estimated allowances for returns
 allowances and discounts associated with aged or potentially unsalable product
During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016
 the Company identified the practice of granting additional concessions to certain distributors in the United States and commenced an internal accounting review in order to (i) determine whether the revenue associated with those concessions was accounted for in the correct period and (ii) evaluate its internal control over financial reporting. The Audit Committee of the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors separately conducted an independent review of these matters and retained independent counsel to assist in their review. On November 16
 2016
Management&#8217;s internal accounting review included consideration of certain side agreements and concessions provided to distributors in the United States in fiscal 2016
 including payment terms beyond the customer&#8217;s standard terms
 rights of return of product and post-sale concessions
 most of which were associated with sales that occurred at the end of the quarter. It had been the Company&#8217;s policy to record revenue related to these distributors when title of the product transfers to the distributor. The Company concluded that its historical accounting policy for these distributors is appropriate as the sales price is fixed or determinable at the time ownership transfers to these distributors
In addition to fixed contract consideration
 many of our contracts include some form of variable consideration.  We offer various trade promotions and sales incentive programs to customers and consumers
 such as price discounts
 slotting fees
 in-store display incentives
 cooperative advertising programs
 new product introduction fees and coupons. The expenses associated with these programs are accounted for as reductions to the transaction price of our products and are therefore deducted from our net sales to determine reported net sales.  Trade promotions and sales incentive accruals are subject to significant management estimates and assumptions. The critical assumptions used in estimating the accruals for trade promotions and sales incentives include management&#8217;s estimate of expected levels of performance and redemption rates. Management exercises judgment in developing these assumptions. These assumptions are based upon historical performance of the retailer or distributor customers with similar types of promotions adjusted for current trends. The Company regularly reviews and revises
 when deemed necessary
As our contracts are generally shorter than one year
 the Company has elected a practical expedient under ASC 606 that allows the Company to expense as incurred the incremental costs of obtaining a contract if the contract period is for one year or less.  These costs are included in the selling
The Company does not disaggregate revenue below the segment revenues level disclosed in Note 19
 
 as all revenues are recognized at a point in time and the Company&#8217;s segment revenues depict how the economic factors affect the nature
 amount
June&#160;30
 2019
 respectively
Based on cash collection history and other statistical analysis
 the Company estimates the amount of unauthorized deductions customers have taken that we expect will be collected and repaid in the near future and records a chargeback receivable. Differences between estimated collectible receivables and actual collections are recognized in earnings in the period such differences are determined.
June&#160;30
 2019
&#160;
 respectively.  Sales to a second customer and its affiliates approximated  
June&#160;30
 2019
&#160;
In addition
 cash and cash equivalents are maintained with several financial institutions. Deposits held with banks may exceed the amount of insurance provided on such deposits. Generally
Inventory is valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value
 utilizing the first-in
Property
Property
 plant and equipment is carried at cost and depreciated or amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives or lease term (for leasehold improvements)
 whichever is shorter.  The Company believes the useful lives assigned to our property
 plant and equipment are within ranges generally used in consumer products manufacturing and distribution businesses.  The Company&#8217;s manufacturing plants and distribution centers
 and their related assets
 are reviewed when impairment indicators are present by analyzing underlying cash flow projections.  The Company believes no impairment of the carrying value of such assets exists other than as disclosed under Note 8
Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net
and Note 5
Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the respective initial lease term or the estimated useful life of the assets
Goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized but rather are tested at least annually for impairment
Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit is an operating segment or a component of an operating segment. Goodwill is tested for impairment by either performing a qualitative evaluation or a two-step quantitative test. The qualitative evaluation is an assessment of factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 including goodwill. We may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment for some or all reporting units and perform a two-step quantitative impairment test. The impairment test for goodwill requires the Company to compare the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value
 including goodwill. The Company uses a blended analysis of a discounted cash flow model and a market valuation approach to determine the fair values of its reporting units. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 the Company would then compare the carrying value of the goodwill to its implied fair value in order to determine the amount of the impairment
Indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment by comparing the fair value of the asset to the carrying value. Fair value is determined based on a relief from royalty method that include significant management assumptions such as revenue growth rates
 weighted average cost of capital
 and assumed royalty rates. If the fair value is less than the carrying value
See Note 9
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
Included in cost of sales are the cost of products sold
 including the costs of raw materials and labor and overhead required to produce the products
 warehousing
 distribution
 supply chain costs
Gains and losses arising from intercompany foreign currency transactions that are not of a long-term nature and certain transactions of the Company&#8217;s subsidiaries which are denominated in currencies other than the subsidiaries&#8217; functional currency are recognized as incurred in other (income)/expense
Selling
Included in selling
 general and administrative expenses are advertising costs
 promotion costs not paid directly to the Company&#8217;s customers
 salary and related benefit costs of the Company&#8217;s employees in the finance
 human resources
 information technology
 legal
 sales and marketing functions
 facility related costs of the Company&#8217;s administrative functions
 research and development costs
Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and are included in selling
$11
120
$9
$10
130
Advertising costs
 which are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses
$28
164
$35
$30
In July of 2019
$7
 as partial payment from an insurance claim relating to business disruption costs associated with a co-packer
$4
$2
The Company follows the liability method of accounting for income taxes.  Under the liability method
The Company recognizes liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process prescribed by the authoritative guidance. The first step requires the Company to determine if the weight of available evidence indicates that the tax position has met the threshold for recognition; therefore
 the Company must evaluate whether it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit
 including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes.  The second step requires the Company to measure the tax benefit of the tax position taken
 or expected to be taken
 in an income tax return as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement.  The Company reevaluates the uncertain tax positions each period based on factors including
 but not limited to
 changes in facts or circumstances
 changes in tax law
 effectively settled issues under audit
 and new audit activity.  Depending on the jurisdiction
The fair value of financial instruments is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties.  At June 30
 
 the Company had 
 respectively
 invested in money market funds
June&#160;30
 2019
 the carrying values of financial instruments such as accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses and other current liabilities
 as well as borrowings under our credit facility and other borrowings
The Company utilizes derivative instruments
 principally foreign exchange forward contracts
 to manage certain exposures to changes in foreign exchange rates.  The Company&#8217;s contracts are hedges for transactions with notional balances and periods consistent with the related exposures and do not constitute investments independent of these exposures.  These contracts
 which are designated and documented as cash flow hedges
 qualify for hedge accounting treatment in accordance with ASC 815
All derivative instruments are recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value.  The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivative instruments that qualify for cash flow hedge accounting treatment are recognized in stockholders&#8217; equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive (loss)/income until the hedged item is recognized in earnings.  Changes in the fair value of fair value hedges
 derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment
 as well as the ineffective portion of any cash flow hedges
 are recognized currently in earnings as a component of other (income)/expense
The fair value of stock-based compensation awards is recognized as an expense over the vesting period using the straight-line method.  For awards that contain a market condition
 expense is recognized over the defined or derived service period using a Monte Carlo simulation model.  Compensation expense is recognized for these awards on a straight-line basis over the service period
 regardless of the eventual number of shares that are earned based upon the market condition
For restricted stock awards which include performance criteria
 compensation expense is recorded when the achievement of the performance criteria is probable and is recognized over the performance and vesting service periods.  Compensation expense is recognized for only that portion of stock-based awards that are expected to vest.  Therefore
 estimated forfeiture rates that are derived from historical employee termination activity are applied to reduce the amount of compensation expense recognized.  If the actual forfeitures differ from the estimate
The Company periodically evaluates the carrying value of long-lived assets
 other than goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives
 held and used in the business when events and circumstances occur indicating that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable.  An impairment test is performed when the estimated undiscounted cash flows associated with the asset or group of assets is less than their carrying value.  Once such impairment test is performed
 a loss is recognized based on the amount
 if any
See Note 8
Property
 Plant and Equipment
Net
 and Note 5
Discontinued Operations
In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) 2014-09
. This guidance outlines a single
 comprehensive model for accounting for revenue from contracts with customers
 providing a single five-step model to be applied to all revenue transactions. The guidance also requires improved disclosures to assist users of the financial statements to better understand the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue that is recognized. Subsequent to the issuance of ASU 2014-09
 the FASB issued various additional ASUs clarifying and amending this new revenue guidance. The Company adopted the new revenue standard on July 1
 2018 using the modified retrospective transition method. The adoption did not materially impact our results of operations or financial position
 and
 as a result
 on July 1
In January 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-01
. ASU 2016-01 requires that most equity investments be measured at fair value
 with subsequent changes in fair value recognized in net income. The pronouncement also impacts financial liabilities under the fair value option and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments. The Company adopted ASU 2016-01 in the three months ended September 30
 2018
 on July 1
 2018
 representing the accumulated unrealized losses (net of tax) reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for available-for-sale equity securities on June 30
In May 2017
 the FASB issued ASU 2017-09
&#160;
 which provides guidance about which changes to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to apply modification accounting in Topic 718. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2017. The Company adopted the provisions of&#160;ASU 2016-15&#160;as of July 1
In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
. The amendments in this ASU replace most of the existing U.S. GAAP lease accounting guidance in order to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within those years
 with early adoption permitted. The ASU requires lessees and lessors to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach. In July 2018
 the FASB approved amendments to create an optional transition method that will provide an option to use the effective date of ASC 842 as the date of initial application of the transition. Under the new transition method
 a reporting entity would initially apply the new lease requirements at the effective date and recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the period of adoption
 continue to report comparative periods presented in the financial statements in the period of adoption in accordance with current U.S. GAAP (i.e.
 ASC 840
As part of the Company&#8217;s assessment work to-date
 the Company has formed an implementation work team to perform a comprehensive evaluation of the impact of the adoption of this guidance
 which includes assessing the Company&#8217;s lease portfolio
 the impact to business processes and internal controls over financial reporting and the related disclosure requirements. Additionally
 the Company has implemented lease accounting software to assist in the quantification of the expected impact on the Company&#8217;s Consolidated Balance Sheet and to facilitate the calculations of the related accounting entries and disclosures
 as well as to facilitate accounting
The Company will adopt&#160;ASC 842&#160;during the first quarter of fiscal 2020 using the modified retrospective method. The new guidance will be applied to leases that exist or are entered into on or after July 1
 2019 without adjusting comparative periods in the financial statements. The Company will utilize the package of practical expedients under&#160;ASC 842
 which allows entities to (1) not reassess whether any expired or existing contracts are or contain leases
 (2) retain the classification of leases (e.g.
 operating or finance lease) existing as of the date of adoption and (3) not reassess initial direct costs for any existing leases. Based on the most recent assessment of existing leases
$85
$95
000
 with a corresponding amount for the right-of-use assets
In January 2017
 the FASB
 issued ASU 2017-04
 
 which removes the second step of the goodwill impairment test that requires a hypothetical purchase price allocation. A goodwill impairment will now be the amount by which a reporting unit&#8217;s carrying value exceeds its fair value
 not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. This guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2019. Early adoption is permitted for annual or any interim impairment tests with a measurement date on or after January 1
 2017. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact to the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.



































The entire disclosure for the basis of presentation and significant accounting policies concepts. Basis of presentation describes the underlying basis used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).  Accounting policies describe all significant accounting policies of the reporting entity.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019







On June 24
 2018
 the Company entered into a CEO succession plan
 whereby the Company&#8217;s former CEO
 Irwin D. Simon
On October 26
 2018
 the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors appointed Mark L. Schiller as President and CEO
 succeeding Mr. Simon. In connection with the appointment
 on October 26
 2018
 the Company and Mr. Schiller entered into an employment agreement
 which was approved by the Board
 with Mr. Schiller&#8217;s employment commencing on November 5
 2018. Accordingly
 Mr. Simon&#8217;s employment with the Company terminated on November 4
$34
. These costs were recognized from June 24
 2018 through November 4
$33
$1
June&#160;30
 and 2018.  The cash separation payment was paid on May 6
On October 26
 2018
 the Company and Mr. Simon entered into a Consulting Agreement (the &#8220;Consulting Agreement&#8221;) in order to
 among other things
 assist Mr. Schiller with his transition as the Company&#8217;s incoming CEO. The term of the Consulting Agreement commenced on November 5
 2018 and continued until February 5
 as compensation for his services during the consulting term
 which was fully recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Operations as a component of &#8220;Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
June&#160;30
 total shareholder return (&#8220;TSR&#8221;) performance based awards on September 26
 2017.  The performance period was set to end on June 30
 2019. Under the Succession Agreement
 he was entitled to compensation if the TSR components were met.  The Succession Agreement modified Mr. Simon&#8217;s award such that his award went from improbable of being earned to probable since the Succession Agreement allowed him to be eligible for the award while he is no longer an employee.  Accordingly
 the Company determined that a Type III modification pursuant to ASC 718 occurred.  Therefore
 in accordance with ASC 718
 the Company determined the fair value of the replacement award as of the modification date
 utilizing the Monte Carlo valuation model.  As a result
 the fair value of the TSR performance based awards granted on September 26
 per share based on the lower likelihood of attainment
 resulting in revised expense of 
 which was amortized on a straight-line basis from June 24
 2018 through November 4
 2018.  In the fiscal year ended June 30
 2018
$2
 of stock-based compensation expense associated with the modified grant
$2
 in the twelve months ended June 30
 2018 associated with the modification of this grant recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Operations.  Additionally
 the Succession Agreement allowed for acceleration of vesting of all service-based awards outstanding at the Succession Date. In connection with these accelerations
 in the twelve months ended June 30
 2018. In connection with the aforementioned items
$2
 as a component of &#8220;Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
June&#160;30
 2018



































The entire disclosure for compensation costs
 including compensated absences accruals
 compensated absences liability
 deferred compensation arrangements and income statement compensation items.  Deferred compensation arrangements may include a description of an arrangement with an individual employee
 which is generally an employment contract between the entity and a selected officer or key employee containing a promise by the employer to pay certain amounts at designated future dates
 usually including a period after retirement
 upon compliance with stipulated requirements. This type of arrangement is distinguished from broader based employee benefit plans as it is usually tailored to the employee. Disclosure also typically includes the amount of related compensation expense recognized during the reporting period
 the number of shares (units) issued during the period under such arrangements
 and the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of the related liability.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019







Fiscal Year Ended June 30
(49
82
65
&#160;&#160;&#160;Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
(133
(72
1
(183
9
67
104
103
103
&#160;&#160;&#160;Effect of dilutive stock options
104
104
104
Basic net (loss) income per share excludes the dilutive effects of stock options
June&#160;30
 2019
June&#160;30
3
625
June&#160;30
 2019
 
 respectively
 as such awards were contingently issuable based on market or performance conditions
 and such conditions had not been achieved during the respective periods.  Additionally
 
June&#160;30
 2019
 
 respectively
June&#160;30
 2019
June&#160;30
On June 21
 2017
$250
outstanding common stock.  Repurchases may be made from time to time in the open market
 pursuant to pre-set trading plans
 in private transactions or otherwise. The authorization does not have a stated expiration date.  The extent to which the Company repurchases its shares and the timing of such repurchases will depend upon market conditions and other corporate considerations. The Company did not repurchase any shares under this program in fiscal 2019
 2018 or 2017
 and accordingly
 as of the end of fiscal 2019
$250
000













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019







In March 2018
 the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors approved a plan to sell all of the operations of the Hain Pure Protein Corporation (&#8220;HPPC&#8221;) operating segment
 which includes the Plainville Farms and FreeBird businesses
 and the EK Holdings
 Inc. (&#8220;Empire Kosher&#8221; or &#8220;Empire&#8221;) operating segment
 which were reported in the aggregate as the Hain Pure Protein reportable segment.  Collectively
$109
$78
June&#160;30
 and 2018
 respectively
  to adjust the carrying value of Hain Pure Protein and Empire Kosher to its fair value
 less its cost to sell
 which is reflected in net (loss) income from discontinued operations
 net of taxes in each respective period.  The reserves were recorded due to negative market conditions in the sector
On February 15
 2019
 the Company completed the sale of substantially all of the assets used primarily for the Plainville Farms business (a component of HPPC)
$25
 in cash to the purchaser
 for a nominal purchase price. In addition
 the purchaser assumed the current liabilities of the Plainville Farms business as of the closing date. As a condition to consummating the sale
 the Company entered into a Contingent Funding and Earnout Agreement
$10
 months after issuance. The Company is entitled to receive an earnout not to exceed
 in the aggregate
 of the maximum amount that the purchaser draws on the letter of credit at any point from the date of issuance through the expiration of the letter of credit. Earnout payments are based on a specified percentage of annual free cash flow achieved for all fiscal years ending on or prior to June 30
 2026. If a change in control of the purchaser occurs prior to June 30
 2026
June&#160;30
 2019
 the Company had not recorded an asset associated with the earnout. As a result of the disposition
$40
223
$29
 net of tax
June&#160;30
 to write down the assets and liabilities to the final sales price less costs to sell
$10
On June 28
 2019
 the Company completed the sale of the remainder of HPPC and EK Holdings
and Empire Kosher businesses.  The purchase price
 net of customary adjustments based on the closing balance sheet of HPPC
$77
. The Company used the proceeds from the sale to pay down outstanding  borrowings under its term loan.  As a result of the disposition
June&#160;30
The following table presents the major classes of Hain Pure Protein&#8217;s line items constituting the &#8220;Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
408
509
509
409
486
487
(1
23
21
109
78
Selling
16
18
19
9
4
1
40
(176
(78
1
(43
(5
Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
(133
(72
1
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
6
Accounts receivable
21
105
5
Property
 plant and equipment
83
41
Trademarks and other intangible assets
51
4
(78
240
31
6
11
49
846



































The entire disclosure related to a disposal group. Includes
 but is not limited to
 a discontinued operation
 disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019







The Company accounts for acquisitions in accordance with ASC 805
.  The results of operations of the acquisitions have been included in the consolidated results from their respective dates of acquisition.  The purchase price of each acquisition is allocated to the tangible assets
 liabilities and identifiable intangible assets acquired based on their estimated fair values.  Acquisitions may include contingent consideration
 the fair value of which is estimated on the acquisition date as the present value of the expected contingent payments
$2
June&#160;30
 2018
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
On December 1
 2017
 the Company acquired Clarks UK Limited (&#8220;Clarks&#8221;)
 brand
 including maple syrup
 honey and carob
 date and agave syrups
 which are sold in leading retailers and used by food service and industrial customers in the United Kingdom. Consideration for the transaction
 inclusive of a subsequent working capital adjustment
 consisted of cash
 net of cash acquired
&#163;9
$12
 at the transaction date exchange rate).  Additionally
&#163;1
-month period following completion of the acquisition.  Clarks is included in our United Kingdom operating segment. Net sales and income before income taxes attributable to the Clarks acquisition included in our consolidated results for the fiscal year ended June 30
On June 19
 2017
 the Company acquired Sonmundo
 Inc. d/b/a The Better Bean Company (&#8220;Better Bean&#8221;)
 brand.  Consideration for the transaction consisted of cash
 net of cash acquired
$3
.  Additionally
$4
-year period following the closing date. Better Bean is included in our Hain Ventures operating segment
 which is part of the Rest of World segment.  Net sales and income before income taxes attributable to the Better Bean acquisition and included in our consolidated results for the fiscal year ended June 30
On April 28
 2017
 the Company acquired The Yorkshire Provender Limited (&#8220;Yorkshire Provender&#8221;)
 a producer of premium branded soups based in North Yorkshire in the United Kingdom.  Yorkshire Provender supplies leading retailers
 on-the-go food outlets and food service providers in the United Kingdom.  Consideration for the transaction consisted of cash
 net of cash acquired
&#163;12
$16
&#160;at the transaction date exchange rate).  Additionally
&#163;1
-year period following the closing date.  Yorkshire Provender is included in our United Kingdom operating and reportable segment.  Net sales and income before income taxes attributable to Yorkshire Provender and included in our consolidated results for the fiscal year ended June 30
 2017 were less than 







The entire disclosure for a business combination (or series of individually immaterial business combinations) completed during the period
 including background
 timing
 and recognized assets and liabilities. The disclosure may include leverage buyout transactions (as applicable).





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019

Inventory
 Net [Abstract]





June&#160;30
June&#160;30
220
231
Raw materials
144
159
364
391
At each period end
June&#160;30
 2019
$12
&#160;in connection with the discontinuance of slow moving SKUs as part of a product rationalization initiative
$10
 of which was recorded in the three months ended June 30
In the twelve months ended June 30
 2018
$4
913







The entire disclosure for inventory. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the basis of stating inventory
 the method of determining inventory cost
 the classes of inventory
 and the nature of the cost elements included in inventory.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net


Jun. 30
 2019

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net
PROPERTY
 PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Property
 plant and equipment
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
26
28
89
83
306
323
52
54
18
17
32
31
35
17
562
555
233
245
328
310
June&#160;30
 2019
 
$32
872
$33
$33
558
 respectively. 
 of its manufacturing facilities would be sold or otherwise disposed of before the end of their estimated useful lives due to the Company&#8217;s decision to consolidate manufacturing of certain fruit-based and soup products in the United Kingdom. As such
$6
166
$9
 to write down the value of certain machinery and equipment no longer in use in the United States and United Kingdom
 some of which was used to manufacture certain slow moving SKUs that were discontinued.
 of its manufacturing facilities would be sold or otherwise disposed of before the end of their estimated useful lives due to the Company&#8217;s decision to utilize third-party manufacturers for two facilities in the United States and to consolidate manufacturing of certain soup products in the United Kingdom. As such
$6
$3
 as assets held for sale within &#8220;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&#8221; in its June 30
Additionally
$2
 as assets held for sale within &#8220;Prepaid expenses and other current assets&#8221; in its June 30
In fiscal 2017
 of its manufacturing facilities in the United Kingdom would be sold or otherwise disposed of before the end of their estimated useful lives due to the Company&#8217;s decision to exit its own-label chilled desserts business over the next twelve months. As such
$23
 non-cash impairment charge related to the long-lived assets associated with the own-label chilled desserts business to their estimated fair values
 which was equal to its salvage value. Additionally
$2
661



































The entire disclosure for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 accounting policies and methodology
 roll forwards
 depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 including composite depreciation
 accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization expense
 useful lives and method used
 income statement disclosures
 assets held for sale and public utility disclosures.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019







Balance as of June 30
588
329
101
1
018
7
7
(35
35
(7
(7
Translation and other adjustments
5
5
Balance as of June 30
552
377
94
1
024
Translation and other adjustments
(14
(15
Balance as of June&#160;30
552
362
93
1
008
$126
 of accumulated impairment charges
$97
$29
(2) Effective July 1
 2017
 due to changes to the Company&#8217;s internal management and reporting structure
 the United Kingdom operations of the Ella&#8217;s Kitchen&#174;&#160;brand
 which was previously included within the United States reportable segment
$35
&#160;was reallocated to the United Kingdom reportable segment in connection with this change. See Note 1
 Business
 and Note 19
 Segment Information
$134
 of accumulated impairment charges
$97
 related to the Company&#8217;s United Kingdom operating segment
$29
$7
June&#160;30
 were due to the acquisition of Clarks on December 1
 2017. 
 in conjunction with its budgeting and forecasting process for fiscal year 2020
The following table sets forth balance sheet information for intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
359
385
232
239
(126
(114
465
510
$83
$65
June&#160;30
 2019
Indefinite-lived intangible assets
 which are not amortized
 consist primarily of acquired trade names and trademarks.  Indefinite-lived intangible assets are evaluated on an annual basis in conjunction with the Company&#8217;s evaluation of goodwill
 or on an interim basis if and when events or &#160;circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of any of its indefinite-life intangible assets below their carrying value.  In assessing fair value
 the Company utilizes a &#8220;relief from royalty&#8221; methodology.  This approach involves two steps: (i) estimating the royalty rates for each trademark and (ii) applying these royalty rates to a projected net sales stream and discounting the resulting cash flows to determine fair value. If the carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible assets exceeds the fair value of the asset
 the carrying value is written down to fair value in the period identified.  In the second quarter of fiscal 2019
 the Company determined that an indicator of impairment existed in certain of the Company&#8217;s indefinite-lived tradenames. The result of this interim assessment indicated that the fair value of certain of the Company&#8217;s tradenames was below their carrying value
$17
$11
 in the United States segment
$3
$2
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
 2018
$5
$5
Amortizable intangible assets
 which are deemed to have a finite life
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
15
18
16
Fiscal Year Ending June 30
13
13
12
12
9
646













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019







June&#160;30
June&#160;30
Payroll
80
75
Facility
21
20
7
15
9
3
118
116
001













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019







June&#160;30
June&#160;30
420
401
206
296
(1
8
9
4
7
639
714
25
26
Long-term debt
613
687
On February 6
 2018
$1
000
&#160;revolving credit facility through February 6
$300
&#160;term loan. Under the Credit Agreement
$400
000
Borrowings under the Credit Agreement may be used to provide working capital
 finance capital expenditures and permitted acquisitions
 refinance certain existing indebtedness and for other lawful corporate purposes. The Credit Agreement provides for multicurrency borrowings in Euros
 Pounds Sterling and Canadian Dollars as well as other currencies which may be designated. In addition
 certain wholly-owned foreign subsidiaries of the Company may be designated as co-borrowers. The Credit Agreement contains restrictive covenants
 which are usual and customary for facilities of its type
 and include
 with specified exceptions
 limitations on the Company&#8217;s ability to engage in certain business activities
 incur debt
 have liens
 make capital expenditures
 pay dividends or make other distributions
 enter into affiliate transactions
 consolidate
 merge or acquire or dispose of assets
 and make certain investments
 acquisitions and loans. The Credit Agreement also requires the Company to satisfy certain financial covenants. On the date the Credit Agreement was consummated
June&#160;30
 2019
$420
$206
&#160;of borrowings outstanding under the revolving credit facility and term loan
 respectively
$9
On November 7
 2018
On February 6
 2019
 the Company entered into an amendment to the Credit Agreement
 to 1.0 as of December 31
 to 1.0 as of March 31
 2019 and June 30
 2019. Under the terms of the February 6
 2019 amendment
 to 1.0 beginning in the period ending September 30
On May 8
 2019
 the Company entered into the Third Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the &#8220;Amended Credit Agreement&#8221;)
 whereby
 among other things
 to 1.0 from March 31
 2019 to December 31
 2019
 to 1.0 at March 31
 2020
 to 1.0 at June 30
 to 1.0 on September 30
 upon sale of the Company&#8217;s remaining Hain Pure Protein business. Additionally
 to 1 through March 31
 2020
 to 1 through March 31
 to 1 thereafter. As part of the Amended Credit Agreement
The Amended Credit Agreement also required that the Company and the subsidiary guarantors enter into a Security and Pledge Agreement pursuant to which all of the obligations under the Amended Credit Agreement are secured by liens on assets of the Company and its material domestic subsidiaries
 including stock of each of their direct subsidiaries and intellectual property
June&#160;30
 2019
$569
&#160;was available under the Amended Credit Agreement
 and the Company was in compliance with all associated covenants
The Amended Credit Agreement provides that loans will bear interest at rates based on (a) the Eurocurrency Rate
 as defined in the Credit Agreement
&#160;per annum; or (b) the Base Rate
 as defined in the Credit Agreement
&#160;per annum
 the relevant rate being the Applicable Rate. The Applicable Rate will be determined in accordance with a leverage-based pricing grid
 as set forth in the Amended Credit Agreement. Swing line loans and Global Swing Line loans denominated in U.S. dollars will bear interest at the Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate
June&#160;30
. Additionally
 the Amended Credit Agreement contains a Commitment Fee
 as defined in the Amended Credit Agreement
&#160;per annum
The term loan has required installment payments due on the last day of each fiscal quarter commencing June 30
$3
On June 28
 2019
 the Company completed the sale of the Company&#8217;s remaining Hain Pure Protein business and utilized the proceeds from the sale
 net of transaction related costs
 to prepay a portion of the term loan.  See Note 5
Discontinued Operations
for information on the sale of the Hain Pure Protein business.  In connection with the prepayment of debt
Tilda
 formerly a component of the Company&#8217;s United Kingdom reportable segment
&#163;52
. Outstanding borrowings were collateralized by the current assets of Tilda
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
 2019
$8
$9
&#160;of borrowings under these arrangements
 respectively.  See Note 21
Subsequent Event
June&#160;30
 2019
25
16
15
581
639
June&#160;30
 2019
$33
751
$24
$18
819
 respectively.



































The entire disclosure for information about short-term and long-term debt arrangements
 which includes amounts of borrowings under each line of credit
 note payable
 commercial paper issue
 bonds indenture
 debenture issue
 own-share lending arrangements and any other contractual agreement to repay funds
 and about the underlying arrangements
 rationale for a classification as long-term
 including repayment terms
 interest rates
 collateral provided
 restrictions on use of assets and activities
 whether or not in compliance with debt covenants
 and other matters important to users of the financial statements
 such as the effects of refinancing and noncompliance with debt covenants.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019







Fiscal Year Ended June 30
(134
(13
47
82
95
40
(51
81
87
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
3
(1
18
1
18
20
14
23
20
32
(24
(22
(3
1
1
(2
(8
(25
(21
(10
(2
22
June&#160;30
 2019
 the Company paid cash for income taxes
 net of refunds
$22
.  Cash paid for income taxes
 net of (refunds)
June&#160;30
$24
$(2
900)
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
(10
22
30
State income taxes
(9
2
2
(7
(6
1
9
(3
(4
6
7
(25
3
(1
(3
1
(2
22
(a) For the year ended June 30
 2018
$7
 of tax expense for the Tax Act&#8217;s one-time transition tax on the foreign subsidiaries&#8217; accumulated
 unremitted earnings in accordance with U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission&#8217;s Staff Accounting Bulletin (&#8220;SAB 118&#8221;). Additionally
 during fiscal year June 30
 2019
$6
(b) For the year ended June 30
 2018
$25
 in provisional tax benefit related to the net change in deferred tax liabilities stemming from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act&#8217;s (the &#8220;Tax Act&#8221;) reduction of the U.S. federal tax rate from 35% to 21% and disallowance of certain incentive based compensation tax deductibility under Internal Revenue Code 162(m).  There was an immaterial tax benefit recorded for the period ended June 30
With the effective date of January 1
 2018
 the Tax Act also introduced a provision to tax global intangible low-taxed income (&#8220;GILTI&#8221;) of foreign subsidiaries and a measure to tax certain intercompany payments under the base erosion anti-abuse tax &#8220;BEAT&#8221; regime. For the fiscal year ended June 30
 2019
$3
 during the fiscal year ended June 30
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
9
9
23
11
(92
(97
(6
(8
73
18
1
3
(34
(20
Noncurrent deferred tax liabilities
(21
(86
$29
 of non-current deferred tax assets included within Other Assets on the June 30
June&#160;30
 2019
$201
$23
057
 respectively
$23
$30
June&#160;30
 2019
 respectively
June&#160;30
 2019
The company historically considered the undistributed earnings of its foreign subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested and as a result has not provided for taxes on such earnings. The company has not changed previous indefinite reinvestment assertion following the enactment of the Tax Act
June&#160;30
 2019
$289
 which partially have been already subjected to U.S. transition tax as part of the Tax Act. If the company determines that all or a portion of its foreign earnings are no longer indefinitely reinvested
 then the company may be subject to additional foreign withholding taxes and U.S. state income taxes
As required by the authoritative guidance on accounting for income taxes
 the Company evaluates the realizability of deferred tax assets on a jurisdictional basis at each reporting date. Accounting for income taxes requires that a valuation allowance be established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. In circumstances where there is sufficient negative evidence indicating that the deferred tax assets are not more likely than not realizable
$34
$20
June&#160;30
 2019
 respectively.  During fiscal 2019
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
20
20
17
1
(3
(1
34
20
Unrecognized tax benefits activity
 including interest and penalties
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
6
11
16
5
(4
(4
11
6
11
June&#160;30
 2019
$11
 of unrecognized tax benefits
$8
 represents the amount that
 if recognized
 would impact the effective tax rate in future periods.  As of June 30
 
$6
$11
602
 respectively
$2
$6
409
 respectively
June&#160;30
 2019
The Company and its subsidiaries file income tax returns in the U.S. federal jurisdiction
 various U.S. state jurisdictions and several foreign jurisdictions.  With few exceptions
 the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal
 state and local
 or non-U.S. income tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to fiscal 2016.  However
 to the extent we generated NOLs or tax credits in closed tax years
 future use of the NOL or tax credit carryforward balance would be subject to examination within the relevant statute of limitations for the year in which utilized.  The Company is no longer subject to tax examinations in the United Kingdom for years prior to fiscal 2016.  Given the uncertainty regarding when tax authorities will complete their examinations and the possible outcomes of their examinations
 a current estimate of the range of reasonably possible significant increases or decreases of income tax that may occur within the next twelve months cannot be made.  Although there are various tax audits currently ongoing
 the Company does not believe the ultimate outcome of such audits will have a material impact on the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.



































The entire disclosure for income taxes. Disclosures may include net deferred tax liability or asset recognized in an enterprise's statement of financial position
 net change during the year in the total valuation allowance
 approximate tax effect of each type of temporary difference and carryforward that gives rise to a significant portion of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets
 utilization of a tax carryback
 and tax uncertainties information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019







5
 shares with such designations
 rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors.  Accordingly
 the Board of Directors is empowered to issue
 without stockholder approval
 preferred stock with dividends
 liquidation
 conversion
 voting or other rights which could decrease the amount of earnings and assets available for distribution to holders of the Company&#8217;s Common Stock.  At June 30
 
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
(41
11
(41
11
June&#160;30
 2019
Amounts reclassified into income for deferred gains/(losses) on cash flow hedging instruments are recorded in &#8220;Cost of sales&#8221; in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and
 before taxes
June&#160;30
 2019




































The entire disclosure for shareholders' equity comprised of portions attributable to the parent entity and noncontrolling interest
 including other comprehensive income. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances of common stock
 preferred stock
 additional paid-in capital
 other capital and retained earnings
 accumulated balance for each classification of other comprehensive income and amount of comprehensive income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019







 shareholder-approved plan
 the Amended and Restated 2002 Long-Term Incentive and Stock Award Plan
 under which the Company&#8217;s officers
 senior management
 other key employees
2002 Long-Term Incentive and Stock Award Plan
In November 2002
3
 shares of common stock were originally reserved for issuance under this plan.  At various Annual Meetings of Stockholders
 including the 2014 Annual Meeting
31
 shares.  The plan provides for the granting of stock options
 stock appreciation rights
 restricted stock
 restricted share units
 performance shares
 performance share units and other equity awards to employees
 after the date of grant.  Options and other stock-based awards vest in accordance with provisions set forth in the applicable award agreements.  No awards shall be granted under this plan after November 20
June&#160;30
 2019
 
1
626
 
 
 respectively
1
130
 
 respectively
June&#160;30
 2019
1
 unvested restricted stock and restricted share units were outstanding under this plan
3
June&#160;30
 2019
At June 30
 2019
 options outstanding that were granted under a prior Celestial Seasonings plan. Although no further awards can be granted under the prior Celestial Seasonings plan
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
Selling
9
13
9
Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
(2
10
11
9
1
2
3
In the fiscal year ended June 30
 2019
$1
 related to the reversal of expense associated with the total share return (&#8220;TSR&#8221;) Grant under the 2017-2019 LTIP
In the fiscal year ended June 30
 2018
$2
 primarily in connection with the modification of Irwin D. Simon&#8217;s TSR performance based awards granted on September 26
 2017.  Refer to Note 3
Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan
Awards of restricted stock may be either grants of restricted stock or restricted share units that are issued at no cost to the recipient. For restricted stock grants
 at the date of grant the recipient has all rights of a stockholder
 subject to certain restrictions on transferability and a risk of forfeiture.  For restricted share units
 legal ownership of the shares is not transferred to the employee until the unit vests.  Restricted stock and restricted share unit grants vest in accordance with provisions set forth in the applicable award agreements
1
1
4
4
1
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
29
17
6
11
15
9
3
5
3
June&#160;30
 2019
$23
&#160;of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense
 net of estimated forfeitures
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
6
2
June&#160;30
 2019
$2
394
June&#160;30
 2019
 performance-based long-term incentive plans (the &#8220;2016-2018 LTIP&#8221;
 &#8220;2017-2019 LTIP&#8221;
The Compensation Committee administers the LTI Plan and is responsible for
 among other items
 selecting the specific performance measures for awards and setting the target performance required to receive an award after the completion of the performance period.  The Compensation Committee determines the specific payout to the participants. Any such stock-based awards shall be issued pursuant to and be subject to the terms and conditions of the Amended and Restated 2002 Long-Term Incentive and Stock Award Plan
 as in effect and as amended from time-to-time
 and the 2019 Equity Inducement Award Program
On January 24
 2019
 upon adoption of the 2019-2021 LTIP
 performance share units (&#8220;PSUs&#8221;)
 the achievement of which is dependent upon a defined calculation of relative TSR over the period from November 6
 2018 to November 6
 PSUs issued
 year after the vesting date. As such
 per share
$5
 in the twelve months ended June 30
Upon adoption of the 2018-2020 LTIP
 PSUs
 the achievement of which is dependent upon a defined calculation of relative TSR over the period from January 24
 2019 to June 30
 per share
Upon adoption of the 2016-2018 LTIP and 2017-2019 LTIP
 the Compensation Committee granted PSUs to each participant
 the achievement of which is dependent upon a defined calculation of relative TSR over the period from July 1
 2015 to June 30
 2018 and from July 1
 2017 to June 30
 2019 (the &#8220;TSR Grant&#8221;)
-year period.  If the targets are achieved
In the first quarter of fiscal 2019
 in connection with the 2016-2018 LTIP
-year performance period of July 1
 2015 through June 30
 2018
 the Compensation Committee determined that the adjusted operating income goal required to be met for Section 162(m) funding was not achieved and determined that no awards would be paid or vested pursuant to the 2016-2018 LTIP.  Accordingly
 unvested performance stock unit awards previously granted in connection with the relative TSR portion of the award were forfeited
 and amounts accrued relating to the net sales portion of the award were reversed.  As such
 in the first quarter of fiscal 2019
$6
 associated with the reversal of previously accrued amounts under the net sales portion of the 2016-2018 LTIP
$5
 was recorded in Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
In connection with the 2017-2019 LTIP
 in the first quarter of fiscal 2019
 the Company determined that the achievement of the adjusted operating income goal required to be met for Section 162(m) funding was not probable.  Accordingly
 in the first quarter of fiscal 2019
$1
$1
 associated with the reversal of previously accrued amounts under the portions of the 2017-2019 LTIP that were dependent on the achievement of pre-determined performance measures of net sales and relative TSR
In the twelve months ended June 30
 2019
 years.  Additionally
June&#160;30
 2019
1
 unvested restricted stock and restricted share units were outstanding under this plan
1
In the twelve months ended June 30
 2019
1
 PSUs to selected individuals hired as employees of the Company
 the achievement of which is dependent upon a defined calculation of relative TSR over the period from November 6
 2018 to November 6
-year&#160;compound annual TSR levels
 which are aligned with the CEO Inducement Grant (defined and discussed further below).  Additionally
The number of PSUs expected to be earned
 based upon the achievement of the TSR market condition
 is factored into the grant date Monte Carlo valuation. Compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the service period
 regardless of the eventual number of PSUs that are earned based upon the market condition
 provided that each grantee remains an employee at the end of the performance period. Compensation expense is reversed if at any time during the service period a grantee is no longer an employee.  With the exception of the April 25
 2019 grant
 year after the vesting date. As such
February&#160;19
1
March&#160;29
April&#160;15
April&#160;25
May&#160;15
1
3
1
Total compensation cost related to these awards recognized in the fiscal year ended June 30
On November 6
 2018
1
1
The number of PSUs expected to be earned
 based upon the achievement of the TSR market condition
-year service period
 regardless of the eventual number of PSUs that are earned based upon the market condition
-year service period Mr. Schiller is no longer an employee
 year after the vesting date. As such
$7
571
Total compensation cost related to this award recognized in the fiscal year ended June 30
$1
636













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019







On October 27
 2015
 interest in Chop&#8217;t Creative Salad Company LLC (&#8220;Chop&#8217;t&#8221;).  Chop&#8217;t develops and operates fast-casual
 fresh salad restaurants in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic United States.  Chop&#8217;t markets and sells certain of the Company&#8217;s branded products and provides consumer insight and feedback. The investment is being accounted for as an equity method investment due to the Company&#8217;s representation on the Board of Directors. During fiscal 2018
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
 2018
$14
$15
524
 respectively
 and is included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as a component of &#8220;Investments and joint ventures.&#8221;













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019







Level 1 &#8211; Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical
Level 2 &#8211; Quoted prices in markets that are not active
 or inputs which are observable
 either directly or indirectly
Level 3 &#8211; Prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable (i.e.
June&#160;30
1
June&#160;30
1
Contingent consideration
1
1
1
1
 investment in Yeo Hiap Seng Limited
 a food and beverage manufacturer and distributor based in Singapore. Fair value is measured using the market approach based on quoted prices.&#160; The Company utilizes the income approach to measure fair value for its foreign currency forward contracts.&#160; The income approach uses pricing models that rely on market observable inputs such as yield curves
The Company estimates the original fair value of the contingent consideration as the present value of the expected contingent payments
 determined using the weighted probabilities of the possible payments.  The Company reassesses the fair value of contingent payments on a periodic basis.  Although the Company believes its estimates and assumptions are reasonable
 different assumptions
 including those regarding the operating results of the respective businesses
In connection with the acquisitions of Better Bean and Yorkshire Provender during fiscal 2017
$4
&#163;1
In connection with the acquisition of Clarks during fiscal 2018
&#163;1
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
1
2
1
(1
(2
1
June&#160;30
 and 2018
$1
$2
281
 respectively.  The net benefit in the fiscal year ended June 30
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
The carrying amount of cash and cash equivalents
 accounts receivable
 net
 accounts payable and certain accrued expenses and other current liabilities approximate fair value due to the short-term maturities of these financial instruments.  The Company&#8217;s debt approximates fair value due to the debt bearing fluctuating market interest rates (See Note 11
The Company primarily has exposure to changes in foreign currency exchange rates relating to certain anticipated cash flows and firm commitments from its international operations. The Company may enter into certain derivative financial instruments
 when available on a cost-effective basis
 to manage such risk. Derivative financial instruments are not used for speculative purposes. The fair value of these derivatives is included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For derivative instruments that qualify as hedges of probable forecasted cash flows
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
$2
 of net assets
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
$41
$20
986
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
 of net assets
June&#160;30
 2019



































The entire disclosure for the fair value of financial instruments (as defined)
 including financial assets and financial liabilities (collectively
 as defined)
 and the measurements of those instruments as well as disclosures related to the fair value of non-financial assets and liabilities. Such disclosures about the financial instruments
 assets
 and liabilities would include: (1) the fair value of the required items together with their carrying amounts (as appropriate); (2) for items for which it is not practicable to estimate fair value
 disclosure would include: (a) information pertinent to estimating fair value (including
 carrying amount
 effective interest rate
 and maturity
 and (b) the reasons why it is not practicable to estimate fair value; (3) significant concentrations of credit risk including: (a) information about the activity
 region
 or economic characteristics identifying a concentration
 (b) the maximum amount of loss the entity is exposed to based on the gross fair value of the related item
 (c) policy for requiring collateral or other security and information as to accessing such collateral or security
 and (d) the nature and brief description of such collateral or security; (4) quantitative information about market risks and how such risks are managed; (5) for items measured on both a recurring and nonrecurring basis information regarding the inputs used to develop the fair value measurement; and (6) for items presented in the financial statement for which fair value measurement is elected: (a) information necessary to understand the reasons for the election
 (b) discussion of the effect of fair value changes on earnings
 (c) a description of [similar groups] items for which the election is made and the relation thereof to the balance sheet
 the aggregate carrying value of items included in the balance sheet that are not eligible for the election; (7) all other required (as defined) and desired information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019







The Company leases office
June&#160;30
19
16
14
13
11
44
118
June&#160;30
 2019
$37
091
$36
$35
153
June&#160;30
 2019
 we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4) of Regulation S-K that have had
 or are likely to have
On August 17
 2016
Flora v. The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
Lynn v. The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
Spadola v. The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc.
 (the &#8220;Spadola Complaint&#8221; and
 together with the Flora and Lynn Complaints
 the &#8220;Securities Complaints&#8221;). On June 5
 2017
 the court issued an order for consolidation
 appointment of Co-Lead Plaintiffs and approval of selection of co-lead counsel. Pursuant to this order
 the Securities Complaints were consolidated under the caption In re The Hain Celestial Group
 Inc. Securities Litigation (the &#8220;Consolidated Securities Action&#8221;)
 and Rosewood Funeral Home and Salamon Gimpel were appointed as Co-Lead Plaintiffs. On June 21
 2017
 the Company received notice that plaintiff Spadola voluntarily dismissed his claims without prejudice to his ability to participate in the Consolidated Securities Action as an absent class member. The Co-Lead Plaintiffs in the Consolidated Securities Action filed a Consolidated Amended Complaint on August 4
 2017 and a Corrected Consolidated Amended Complaint on September 7
 2017 on behalf of a purported class consisting of all persons who purchased or otherwise acquired Hain Celestial securities between November 5
 2013 and February 10
 2017 (the &#8220;Amended Complaint&#8221;). The Amended Complaint named as defendants the Company and certain of its current and former officers (collectively
 &#8220;Defendants&#8221;) and asserted violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 based on allegedly materially false or misleading statements and omissions in public statements
 press releases and SEC filings regarding the Company&#8217;s business
 prospects
 financial results and internal controls. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Amended Complaint on October 3
 2017 which the Court granted on March 29
 2019
 dismissing the case in its entirety
 without prejudice to replead. Co-Lead Plaintiffs filed a Second Amended Consolidated Class Action Complaint on May 6
 2019 (the &#8220;Second Amended Complaint&#8221;). The Second Amended Complaint again names as defendants the Company and certain of its current and former officers and asserts violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 based on allegations similar to those in the Amended Complaint
 including materially false or misleading statements and omissions in public statements
 press releases and SEC filings regarding the Company&#8217;s business
 prospects
 financial results and internal controls. Defendants filed a motion to dismiss the Second Amended Complaint on June 20
 2019. Co-Lead Plaintiffs filed an opposition on August 5
 2019
 and Defendants have until September 3
On September 16
 2016
 a stockholder derivative complaint
 Paperny v. Heyer
 (the &#8220;Paperny Complaint&#8221;)
 was filed in New York State Supreme Court in Nassau County against the Board of Directors and certain officers of the Company alleging breach of fiduciary duty
 unjust enrichment
 lack of oversight and corporate waste. On December 2
 2016 and December 29
 2016
(the &#8220;Shakir Complaint&#8221; and
 together with the Paperny Complaint and the Scarola Complaint
 the &#8220;Derivative Complaints&#8221;)
 respectively. Both the Scarola Complaint and the Shakir Complaint alleged breach of fiduciary duty
 lack of oversight and unjust enrichment. On February 16
 2017
(the &#8220;Consolidated Derivative Action&#8221;) in New York State Supreme Court in Nassau County
 ordering the Shakir Complaint as the operative complaint. On November 2
 2017
 the parties agreed to stay the Consolidated Derivative Action. Co-Lead Plaintiffs requested leave to file an amended consolidated complaint
 and on January 14
 2019
 the Court partially lifted the stay
 ordering Co-Lead Plaintiffs to file their amended complaint by March 7
 2019. Co-Lead Plaintiffs filed a Verified Amended Shareholder Derivative Complaint on March 7
 2019. The Court continued the stay pending a decision on Defendants&#8217; motion to dismiss in the Consolidated Securities Action (referenced above). After the Court in the Consolidated Securities Action dismissed the Amended Complaint
 the Court in the Consolidated Derivative Action ordered Co-Lead Plaintiffs to file a second amended complaint no later than July 8
 2019. Co-Lead Plaintiffs filed a Verified Second Amended Shareholder Derivative Complaint on July 8
 2019 (the &#8220;Second Amended Derivative Complaint&#8221;).  Defendants moved to dismiss the Second Amended Derivative Complaint on August 7
 2019. Co-Lead Plaintiffs must file any opposition to Defendants&#8217; motion to dismiss by September 6
 2019
 and Defendants have until September 20
On April 19
 2017 and April 26
 2017
 Silva v. Simon
Barnes v. Simon
(the &#8220;Barnes Complaint&#8221;)
 respectively. Both the Silva Complaint and the Barnes Complaint allege violation of securities law
 breach of fiduciary duty
On May 23
 2017
 an additional stockholder filed a complaint under seal in the Eastern District of New York against the Board of Directors and certain officers of the Company. The complaint alleged that the Company&#8217;s directors and certain officers made materially false and misleading statements in press releases and SEC filings regarding the Company&#8217;s business
 prospects and financial results. The complaint also alleged that the Company violated its by-laws and Delaware law by failing to hold its 2016 Annual Stockholders Meeting and includes claims for breach of fiduciary duty
 unjust enrichment and corporate waste. On August 9
 2017
On August 10
 2017
 the court granted the parties stipulation to consolidate the Barnes Complaint
In re The Hain Celestial Group
(the &#8220;Consolidated Stockholder Class and Derivative Action&#8221;) and to appoint Robbins Arroyo LLP and Scott+Scott as Co-Lead Counsel
 with the Law Offices of Thomas G. Amon as Liaison Counsel for Plaintiffs. On September 14
 2017
Oliver v. Berke
 (the &#8220;Oliver Complaint&#8221;)
 and on October 6
 2017
 the Oliver Complaint was consolidated with the Consolidated Stockholder Class and Derivative Action. The Plaintiffs filed their consolidated amended complaint under seal on October 26
 2017. On December 20
 2017
 the parties agreed to stay Defendants&#8217; time to answer
 move
 or otherwise respond to the consolidated amended complaint through and including 30 days after a decision was rendered on the motion to dismiss the Amended Complaint in the consolidated Consolidated Securities Action
On March 29
 2019
 the Court in the Consolidated Securities Action granted Defendants&#8217; motion
 dismissing the Amended Complaint in its entirety
 without prejudice to replead. Co-Lead Plaintiffs in the Consolidated Securities Action filed a second amended complaint on May 6
 2019. The parties to the Consolidated Stockholder Class and Derivative Action agreed to continue the stay of Defendants&#8217; time to answer
 move
In addition to the litigation described above
 the Company is and may be a defendant in lawsuits from time to time in the normal course of business. While the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty
 the Company believes the reasonably possible losses of such matters
 individually and in the aggregate
 are not material. Additionally
 the Company believes the probable final outcome of such matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Company&#8217;s consolidated results of operations
 financial position
 cash flows or liquidity.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019







 days of service.  On an annual basis
 we may
 in our sole discretion
June&#160;30
 2018
$1
$1
367
 respectively
In addition
 while certain of our international subsidiaries maintain separate defined contribution plans for their employees
 the amounts are not significant to the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019







The Company is managed in seven operating segments: the United States
 United Kingdom
 Tilda
 Ella&#8217;s Kitchen UK
 Europe
 Canada and Hain Ventures (formerly known as Cultivate Ventures).  Beginning in the third quarter ended March 31
 2018
 the Hain Pure Protein operations were classified as discontinued operations as discussed in &#8220;Note 5
.&#8221; Therefore
 segment information presented excludes the results of Hain Pure Protein.  On August 27
 2019
 the Company sold its Tilda business as discussed in &#8220;Note 21
Net sales and operating income are the primary measures used by the Company&#8217;s Chief Operating Decision Maker (&#8220;CODM&#8221;) to evaluate segment operating performance and to decide how to allocate resources to segments. The CODM is the Company&#8217;s Chief Executive Officer. Expenses related to certain centralized administration functions that are not specifically related to an operating segment are included in &#8220;Corporate and Other.&#8221; Corporate and Other expenses are comprised mainly of the compensation and related expenses of certain of the Company&#8217;s senior executive officers and other selected employees who perform duties related to the entire enterprise
 as well as expenses for certain professional fees
 facilities and other items which benefit the Company as a whole. Additionally
 Project Terra costs and other
 along with accounting review and remediation costs
 are included in &#8220;Corporate and Other.&#8221; Expenses that are managed centrally
 but can be attributed to a segment
 such as employee benefits and certain facility costs
Fiscal Years Ended June 30
1
009
1
084
1
107
885
938
851
407
434
383
2
302
2
457
2
343
23
86
145
52
56
51
32
38
32
109
181
229
(123
(74
(119
(14
106
109
423
 
June&#160;30
 2019
 
 respectively
 which were primarily related to the United States and United Kingdom segments. A second customer accounted for approximately
 
June&#160;30
 2019
 
 respectively
June&#160;30
 2019
$30
 of Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
 net
$28
$4
June&#160;30
$17
$11
 related to the United States segment
$2
$3
$4
June&#160;30
 2018
$10
$9
 of accounting review and remediation costs
June&#160;30
$5
$5
June&#160;30
 2017
$29
$10
June&#160;30
$14
$7
$6
$26
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
1
709
1
842
1
743
298
302
312
178
196
176
115
116
110
2
302
2
457
2
343
The Company&#8217;s net sales by geographic region
 which are generally based on the location of the Company&#8217;s subsidiary
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
1
057
1
144
1
167
885
938
851
359
374
324
2
302
2
457
2
343
The Company&#8217;s long-lived assets
 which primarily represent net property
 plant and equipment
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
115
99
173
174
87
86
376
360
564



































The entire disclosure for reporting segments including data and tables. Reportable segments include those that meet any of the following quantitative thresholds a) it's reported revenue
 including sales to external customers and intersegment sales or transfers is 10 percent or more of the combined revenue
 internal and external
 of all operating segments b) the absolute amount of its reported profit or loss is 10 percent or more of the greater
 in absolute amount of 1) the combined reported profit of all operating segments that did not report a loss or 2) the combined reported loss of all operating segments that did report a loss c) its assets are 10 percent or more of the combined assets of all operating segments.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019







A summary of the Company&#8217;s consolidated quarterly results of operations is as follows.  The sum of the net income per share from continuing operations for each of the four quarters may not equal the net income per share for the full year
 as presented
June 30
March 31
December 31
September 30
557
599
584
560
106
125
114
99
23
(15
(24
(8
13
(24
(32
(7
10
(29
(23
Net loss from discontinued operations
(5
(75
(37
(14
(13
(65
(66
(37
June&#160;30
$4
$3
$5
$4
 net of tax) non-cash impairment charges in the United Kingdom and United States
 respectively
 primarily associated with a write down of the value of certain machinery and equipment no longer in use
 some of which was used to manufacture certain slow moving SKUs that were discontinued.  Additionally
$10
$7
Net loss from discontinued operations in the quarter ended March 31
$40
$29
 net of tax)
$51
$37
 net of tax)
 each as a component of net loss on discontinued operations
The quarter ended December 31
$10
$7
 net of tax) of Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
 net
 net of tax) related to professional fees associated with our internal accounting review and the independent review by the Audit Committee and other related matters
$17
$13
$54
$40
The quarter ended September 30
$19
$14
 net of tax) of Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
 net
$3
$2
 net of tax) related to professional fees associated with our internal accounting review and the independent review by the Audit Committee and other related matters
$4
$3
$2
$2
June 30
March 31
December 31
September 30
619
632
616
589
125
133
133
123
16
29
30
29
5
24
25
26
(4
25
43
18
Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
(65
(12
3
1
(69
12
47
19
The quarter ended June&#160;30
$7
$5
 net of tax) in the Hain Ventures (formerly known as Cultivate Ventures) operating segment
$5
$5
 net of tax) related to indefinite-lived intangible assets (trade names)
 net of tax) impairment charge primarily related to the closure of manufacturing facilities in the United States.  Additionally
 the quarter ended June&#160;30
$2
$1
 net of tax) related to professional fees associated with our internal accounting review and remediation costs
 net of insurance proceeds. Net loss from discontinued operations in the quarter ended June&#160;30
$78
$52
 net of tax) to adjust the carrying value of Hain Pure Protein to its fair value
The quarter ended March 31
$2
$2
 net of tax) primarily related to the closure of a manufacturing facility of certain soup products in the United Kingdom
$2
$1
 net of tax) related to the discontinuation of additional slow moving SKUs in the United States as part of an ongoing product rationalization initiative. Additionally
 the quarter ended March 30
$3
$2
The quarter ended December 31
$3
$2
 net of tax) related to the closure of a facility in the United States
$4
$3
The quarter ended September 30
$3
$2
$5
$3
622



































The entire disclosure for quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tabular presentation of financial information for fiscal quarters
 effect of year-end adjustments
 and an explanation of matters or transactions that affect comparability of the information.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019







On August 27
 2019
 the Company and Ebro Foods S.A. (the &#8220;Purchaser&#8221;) entered into
 and consummated the transactions contemplated by
 an Agreement relating to the sale and purchase of the Tilda operating segment and certain other assets (the &#8220;Sale and Purchase Agreement&#8221;). Under the Sale and Purchase Agreement
$342
 in cash
 subject to customary post-closing adjustments based on the balance sheets of the Tilda business.  The other assets sold in the transaction consist of raw materials
 consumables
 packaging
The Sale and Purchase Agreement contains representations
 warranties and covenants that are customary for a transaction of this nature. The Company also entered into certain ancillary agreements with the Purchaser and certain of the Tilda Group Entities in connection with the Sale and Purchase Agreement
 including a transitional services agreement pursuant to which the Company and the Purchaser will provide transitional services to one another
 and business transfer agreements pursuant to which the applicable Tilda Group Entities will transfer certain non-Tilda assets and liabilities in India and the United Arab Emirates to subsidiaries of the Company to be formed in those countries.



































The entire disclosure for significant events or transactions that occurred after the balance sheet date through the date the financial statements were issued or the date the financial statements were available to be issued. Examples include: the sale of a capital stock issue
 purchase of a business
 settlement of litigation
 catastrophic loss
 significant foreign exchange rate changes
 loans to insiders or affiliates
 and transactions not in the ordinary course of business.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019

SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Valuation and Qualifying Accounts [Abstract]





The Hain Celestial Group
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
2
(1
(1
20
17
(3
34
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
1
1
(1
2
20
1
(1
20
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
1
1
21
1
(2
20
712













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019







The Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries.  Intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.  Investments in affiliated companies in which the Company exercises significant influence
 but which it does not control
 are accounted for under the equity method of accounting.  As such
Unless otherwise indicated
 references in these consolidated financial statements to 
 
June&#160;30
 2020









The financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (&#8220;U.S. GAAP&#8221;).  The accounting principles we use require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and amounts of income and expenses during the reporting periods presented.  These estimates include
 among others
 revenue recognition
 trade promotions and sales incentives
 valuation of accounts and chargeback receivables
 accounting for acquisitions
 valuation of long-lived assets
 goodwill and intangible assets
 stock-based compensation
 and valuation allowances for deferred tax assets.  We believe in the quality and reasonableness of our critical accounting estimates; however
 materially different amounts may be reported under different conditions or using assumptions different from those that we have consistently applied. 




The Company considers cash and cash equivalents to include cash in banks
 commercial paper and deposits with financial institutions that can be liquidated without prior notice or penalty.  The Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. 




The Company sells its products through specialty and natural food distributors
 supermarkets
 natural foods stores
 mass-market and e-commerce retailers
 food service channels and club
he majority of our revenue contracts represent a single performance obligation related to the fulfillment of customer orders for the purchase of our products.  We recognize revenue as performance obligations are fulfilled when control passes to our customers.  Our customer contracts typically contain standard terms and conditions. In instances where formal written contracts are not in place we consider the customer purchase orders to be contracts based on the criteria outlined in ASC 606
Payment terms and conditions vary by customer and are based on the billing schedule established in our contracts or purchase orders with customers
; therefore
Sales includes shipping and handling charges billed to the customer and are reported net of discounts
 trade promotions and sales incentives
 consumer coupon programs and other costs
 including estimated allowances for returns
 allowances and discounts associated with aged or potentially unsalable product
During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016
 the Company identified the practice of granting additional concessions to certain distributors in the United States and commenced an internal accounting review in order to (i) determine whether the revenue associated with those concessions was accounted for in the correct period and (ii) evaluate its internal control over financial reporting. The Audit Committee of the Company&#8217;s Board of Directors separately conducted an independent review of these matters and retained independent counsel to assist in their review. On November 16
 2016
Management&#8217;s internal accounting review included consideration of certain side agreements and concessions provided to distributors in the United States in fiscal 2016
 including payment terms beyond the customer&#8217;s standard terms
 rights of return of product and post-sale concessions
 most of which were associated with sales that occurred at the end of the quarter. It had been the Company&#8217;s policy to record revenue related to these distributors when title of the product transfers to the distributor. The Company concluded that its historical accounting policy for these distributors is appropriate as the sales price is fixed or determinable at the time ownership transfers to these distributors
In addition to fixed contract consideration
 many of our contracts include some form of variable consideration.  We offer various trade promotions and sales incentive programs to customers and consumers
 such as price discounts
 slotting fees
 in-store display incentives
 cooperative advertising programs
 new product introduction fees and coupons. The expenses associated with these programs are accounted for as reductions to the transaction price of our products and are therefore deducted from our net sales to determine reported net sales.  Trade promotions and sales incentive accruals are subject to significant management estimates and assumptions. The critical assumptions used in estimating the accruals for trade promotions and sales incentives include management&#8217;s estimate of expected levels of performance and redemption rates. Management exercises judgment in developing these assumptions. These assumptions are based upon historical performance of the retailer or distributor customers with similar types of promotions adjusted for current trends. The Company regularly reviews and revises
 when deemed necessary
As our contracts are generally shorter than one year
 the Company has elected a practical expedient under ASC 606 that allows the Company to expense as incurred the incremental costs of obtaining a contract if the contract period is for one year or less.  These costs are included in the selling
The Company does not disaggregate revenue below the segment revenues level disclosed in Note 19
 
 as all revenues are recognized at a point in time and the Company&#8217;s segment revenues depict how the economic factors affect the nature
 amount
Included in cost of sales are the cost of products sold
 including the costs of raw materials and labor and overhead required to produce the products
 warehousing
 distribution
 supply chain costs
 as well as costs associated with shipping and handling of our inventory. 




June&#160;30
 2019
 respectively
Based on cash collection history and other statistical analysis
 the Company estimates the amount of unauthorized deductions customers have taken that we expect will be collected and repaid in the near future and records a chargeback receivable. Differences between estimated collectible receivables and actual collections are recognized in earnings in the period such differences are determined.




Inventory is valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value
 utilizing the first-in
 first-out method.  The Company provides write-downs for finished goods expected to become non-saleable due to age and specifically identifies and provides for slow moving or obsolete raw ingredients and packaging. 



Property
 Plant and Equipment
Property
Property
 plant and equipment is carried at cost and depreciated or amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives or lease term (for leasehold improvements)
 whichever is shorter.  The Company believes the useful lives assigned to our property
 plant and equipment are within ranges generally used in consumer products manufacturing and distribution businesses.  The Company&#8217;s manufacturing plants and distribution centers
 and their related assets
 are reviewed when impairment indicators are present by analyzing underlying cash flow projections.  The Company believes no impairment of the carrying value of such assets exists other than as disclosed under Note 8
Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net
and Note 5
 




Goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are not amortized but rather are tested at least annually for impairment
Goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. A reporting unit is an operating segment or a component of an operating segment. Goodwill is tested for impairment by either performing a qualitative evaluation or a two-step quantitative test. The qualitative evaluation is an assessment of factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount
 including goodwill. We may elect not to perform the qualitative assessment for some or all reporting units and perform a two-step quantitative impairment test. The impairment test for goodwill requires the Company to compare the fair value of a reporting unit to its carrying value
 including goodwill. The Company uses a blended analysis of a discounted cash flow model and a market valuation approach to determine the fair values of its reporting units. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value
 the Company would then compare the carrying value of the goodwill to its implied fair value in order to determine the amount of the impairment
Indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment by comparing the fair value of the asset to the carrying value. Fair value is determined based on a relief from royalty method that include significant management assumptions such as revenue growth rates
 weighted average cost of capital
 and assumed royalty rates. If the fair value is less than the carrying value
See Note 9
Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets
 




Gains and losses arising from intercompany foreign currency transactions that are not of a long-term nature and certain transactions of the Company&#8217;s subsidiaries which are denominated in currencies other than the subsidiaries&#8217; functional currency are recognized as incurred in other (income)/expense
 net in the Consolidated Statements of Operations.&#160; 



Selling
 General and Administrative Expenses
Selling
Included in selling
 general and administrative expenses are advertising costs
 promotion costs not paid directly to the Company&#8217;s customers
 salary and related benefit costs of the Company&#8217;s employees in the finance
 human resources
 information technology
 legal
 sales and marketing functions
 facility related costs of the Company&#8217;s administrative functions
 research and development costs
 and costs paid to consultants and third party providers for related services.




Research and development costs are expensed as incurred and are included in selling
$11
120
$9
$10
130
 consisting primarily of personnel related costs.  The Company&#8217;s research and development expenditures do not include the expenditures on such activities undertaken by co-packers and suppliers who develop numerous products on behalf of the Company and on their own initiative with the expectation that the Company will accept their new product ideas and market them under the Company&#8217;s brands. 




Advertising costs
 which are included in selling
 general and administrative expenses
$28
164
$35
$30
333




The Company follows the liability method of accounting for income taxes.  Under the liability method
The Company recognizes liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process prescribed by the authoritative guidance. The first step requires the Company to determine if the weight of available evidence indicates that the tax position has met the threshold for recognition; therefore
 the Company must evaluate whether it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit
 including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes.  The second step requires the Company to measure the tax benefit of the tax position taken
 or expected to be taken
 in an income tax return as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement.  The Company reevaluates the uncertain tax positions each period based on factors including
 but not limited to
 changes in facts or circumstances
 changes in tax law
 effectively settled issues under audit
 and new audit activity.  Depending on the jurisdiction
 such a change in recognition or measurement may result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an additional charge to the tax provision in the period.  The Company records interest and penalties in the provision for income taxes. 




The fair value of financial instruments is the amount at which the instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties.  At June 30
 
 the Company had 
 respectively
 invested in money market funds
June&#160;30
 2019
 the carrying values of financial instruments such as accounts receivable
 accounts payable
 accrued expenses and other current liabilities
 as well as borrowings under our credit facility and other borrowings
Level 1 &#8211; Unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date for identical
Level 2 &#8211; Quoted prices in markets that are not active
 or inputs which are observable
 either directly or indirectly
Level 3 &#8211; Prices or valuation techniques that require inputs that are both significant to the fair value measurement and unobservable (i.e.
 supported by little or no market activity).




The Company utilizes derivative instruments
 principally foreign exchange forward contracts
 to manage certain exposures to changes in foreign exchange rates.  The Company&#8217;s contracts are hedges for transactions with notional balances and periods consistent with the related exposures and do not constitute investments independent of these exposures.  These contracts
 which are designated and documented as cash flow hedges
 qualify for hedge accounting treatment in accordance with ASC 815
All derivative instruments are recognized on the Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value.  The effective portion of changes in the fair value of derivative instruments that qualify for cash flow hedge accounting treatment are recognized in stockholders&#8217; equity as a component of accumulated other comprehensive (loss)/income until the hedged item is recognized in earnings.  Changes in the fair value of fair value hedges
 derivatives that do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment
 as well as the ineffective portion of any cash flow hedges
 are recognized currently in earnings as a component of other (income)/expense
 net in the accompanying financial statements. 




The fair value of stock-based compensation awards is recognized as an expense over the vesting period using the straight-line method.  For awards that contain a market condition
 expense is recognized over the defined or derived service period using a Monte Carlo simulation model.  Compensation expense is recognized for these awards on a straight-line basis over the service period
 regardless of the eventual number of shares that are earned based upon the market condition
For restricted stock awards which include performance criteria
 compensation expense is recorded when the achievement of the performance criteria is probable and is recognized over the performance and vesting service periods.  Compensation expense is recognized for only that portion of stock-based awards that are expected to vest.  Therefore
 estimated forfeiture rates that are derived from historical employee termination activity are applied to reduce the amount of compensation expense recognized.  If the actual forfeitures differ from the estimate
 additional adjustments to compensation expense may be required in future periods. 




The Company periodically evaluates the carrying value of long-lived assets
 other than goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives
 held and used in the business when events and circumstances occur indicating that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable.  An impairment test is performed when the estimated undiscounted cash flows associated with the asset or group of assets is less than their carrying value.  Once such impairment test is performed
 a loss is recognized based on the amount
 if any
See Note 8
Property
 Plant and Equipment
Net
 and Note 5
Discontinued Operations
 









In May 2014
 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (&#8220;FASB&#8221;) issued Accounting Standards Update (&#8220;ASU&#8221;) 2014-09
. This guidance outlines a single
 comprehensive model for accounting for revenue from contracts with customers
 providing a single five-step model to be applied to all revenue transactions. The guidance also requires improved disclosures to assist users of the financial statements to better understand the nature
 amount
 timing and uncertainty of revenue that is recognized. Subsequent to the issuance of ASU 2014-09
 the FASB issued various additional ASUs clarifying and amending this new revenue guidance. The Company adopted the new revenue standard on July 1
 2018 using the modified retrospective transition method. The adoption did not materially impact our results of operations or financial position
 and
 as a result
 on July 1
In January 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-01
. ASU 2016-01 requires that most equity investments be measured at fair value
 with subsequent changes in fair value recognized in net income. The pronouncement also impacts financial liabilities under the fair value option and the presentation and disclosure requirements for financial instruments. The Company adopted ASU 2016-01 in the three months ended September 30
 2018
 on July 1
 2018
 representing the accumulated unrealized losses (net of tax) reported in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for available-for-sale equity securities on June 30
In May 2017
 the FASB issued ASU 2017-09
&#160;
 which provides guidance about which changes to the terms or conditions of a share-based payment award require an entity to apply modification accounting in Topic 718. The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2017. The Company adopted the provisions of&#160;ASU 2016-15&#160;as of July 1
In February 2016
 the FASB issued ASU 2016-02
. The amendments in this ASU replace most of the existing U.S. GAAP lease accounting guidance in order to increase transparency and comparability among organizations by recognizing lease assets and lease liabilities on the balance sheet and disclosing key information about leasing arrangements. The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15
 2018
 and interim periods within those years
 with early adoption permitted. The ASU requires lessees and lessors to recognize and measure leases at the beginning of the earliest period presented using a modified retrospective approach. In July 2018
 the FASB approved amendments to create an optional transition method that will provide an option to use the effective date of ASC 842 as the date of initial application of the transition. Under the new transition method
 a reporting entity would initially apply the new lease requirements at the effective date and recognize a cumulative-effect adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings in the period of adoption
 continue to report comparative periods presented in the financial statements in the period of adoption in accordance with current U.S. GAAP (i.e.
 ASC 840
As part of the Company&#8217;s assessment work to-date
 the Company has formed an implementation work team to perform a comprehensive evaluation of the impact of the adoption of this guidance
 which includes assessing the Company&#8217;s lease portfolio
 the impact to business processes and internal controls over financial reporting and the related disclosure requirements. Additionally
 the Company has implemented lease accounting software to assist in the quantification of the expected impact on the Company&#8217;s Consolidated Balance Sheet and to facilitate the calculations of the related accounting entries and disclosures
 as well as to facilitate accounting
The Company will adopt&#160;ASC 842&#160;during the first quarter of fiscal 2020 using the modified retrospective method. The new guidance will be applied to leases that exist or are entered into on or after July 1
 2019 without adjusting comparative periods in the financial statements. The Company will utilize the package of practical expedients under&#160;ASC 842
 which allows entities to (1) not reassess whether any expired or existing contracts are or contain leases
 (2) retain the classification of leases (e.g.
 operating or finance lease) existing as of the date of adoption and (3) not reassess initial direct costs for any existing leases. Based on the most recent assessment of existing leases
$85
$95
000
 with a corresponding amount for the right-of-use assets
In January 2017
 the FASB
 issued ASU 2017-04
 
 which removes the second step of the goodwill impairment test that requires a hypothetical purchase price allocation. A goodwill impairment will now be the amount by which a reporting unit&#8217;s carrying value exceeds its fair value
 not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. This guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after December 15
 2019. Early adoption is permitted for annual or any interim impairment tests with a measurement date on or after January 1
 2017. The adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact to the Company&#8217;s consolidated financial statements.
































































Disclosure of accounting policy for basis of accounting
 or basis of presentation
 used to prepare the financial statements (for example
 US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
 Other Comprehensive Basis of Accounting
 IFRS).




























Disclosure of accounting policy for cash and cash equivalents
 including the policy for determining which items are treated as cash equivalents. Other information that may be disclosed includes (1) the nature of any restrictions on the entity's use of its cash and cash equivalents
 (2) whether the entity's cash and cash equivalents are insured or expose the entity to credit risk
 (3) the classification of any negative balance accounts (overdrafts)
 and (4) the carrying basis of cash equivalents (for example
 at cost) and whether the carrying amount of cash equivalents approximates fair value.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for computing basic and diluted earnings or loss per share for each class of common stock and participating security. Addresses all significant policy factors
 including any antidilutive items that have been excluded from the computation and takes into account stock dividends
 splits and reverse splits that occur after the balance sheet date of the latest reporting period but before the issuance of the financial statements.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for (1) transactions denominated in a currency other than the reporting enterprise's functional currency
 (2) translating foreign currency financial statements that are incorporated into the financial statements of the reporting enterprise by consolidation
 combination
 or the equity method of accounting
 and (3) remeasurement of the financial statements of a foreign reporting enterprise in a hyperinflationary economy.






















































































Disclosure of accounting policy for income taxes
 which may include its accounting policies for recognizing and measuring deferred tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowances
 recognizing investment tax credits
 operating loss carryforwards
 tax credit carryforwards
 and other carryforwards
 methodologies for determining its effective income tax rate and the characterization of interest and penalties in the financial statements.




























Disclosure of inventory accounting policy for inventory classes
 including
 but not limited to
 basis for determining inventory amounts
 methods by which amounts are added and removed from inventory classes
 loss recognition on impairment of inventories
 and situations in which inventories are stated above cost.




























Disclosure of accounting policy pertaining to new accounting pronouncements that may impact the entity's financial reporting. Includes
 but is not limited to
 quantification of the expected or actual impact.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for long-lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 basis of assets
 depreciation and depletion methods used
 including composite deprecation
 estimated useful lives
 capitalization policy
 accounting treatment for costs incurred for repairs and maintenance
 capitalized interest and the method it is calculated
 disposals and impairments.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for costs it has incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process.

























































Disclosure of accounting policy for inclusion of significant items in the selling
 general and administrative (or similar) expense report caption.




























Disclosure of accounting policy for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 methodology and assumption used in measuring cost.
 -Subparagraph (b)
(f)





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019






Summary of Property
 Plant
 and Equipment Useful Lives
Property
 plant and equipment
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
26
28
89
83
306
323
52
54
18
17
32
31
35
17
562
555
233
245
328
310
172



































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019







Fiscal Year Ended June 30
(49
82
65
&#160;&#160;&#160;Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
(133
(72
1
(183
9
67
104
103
103
&#160;&#160;&#160;Effect of dilutive stock options
104
104
104
248



































Tabular disclosure of an entity's basic and diluted earnings per share calculations
 including a reconciliation of numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted per-share computations for income from continuing operations.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019







June&#160;30
June&#160;30
6
Accounts receivable
21
105
5
Property
 plant and equipment
83
41
Trademarks and other intangible assets
51
4
(78
240
31
6
11
49
The following table presents the major classes of Hain Pure Protein&#8217;s line items constituting the &#8220;Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
408
509
509
409
486
487
(1
23
21
109
78
Selling
16
18
19
9
4
1
40
(176
(78
1
(43
(5
Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
(133
(72
1
889



































Tabular disclosure of information related to a disposal group. Includes
 but is not limited to
 a discontinued operation
 disposal classified as held-for-sale or disposed of by means other than sale or disposal of an individually significant component.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019

Inventory
 Net [Abstract]





June&#160;30
June&#160;30
220
231
Raw materials
144
159
364
391
525



































Tabular disclosure of the carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of merchandise
 goods
 commodities
 or supplies held for future sale or to be used in manufacturing
 servicing or production process.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net (Tables)


Jun. 30
 2019

Property
 Plant and Equipment [Abstract]




Summary of Property
 Plant
 and Equipment
 Net
Property
 plant and equipment
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
26
28
89
83
306
323
52
54
18
17
32
31
35
17
562
555
233
245
328
310
172



































Tabular disclosure of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Includes
 but is not limited to
 balances by class of assets
 depreciation and depletion expense and method used
 including composite depreciation
 and accumulated deprecation.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019







Balance as of June 30
588
329
101
1
018
7
7
(35
35
(7
(7
Translation and other adjustments
5
5
Balance as of June 30
552
377
94
1
024
Translation and other adjustments
(14
(15
Balance as of June&#160;30
552
362
93
1
008
$126
 of accumulated impairment charges
$97
$29
(2) Effective July 1
 2017
 due to changes to the Company&#8217;s internal management and reporting structure
 the United Kingdom operations of the Ella&#8217;s Kitchen&#174;&#160;brand
 which was previously included within the United States reportable segment
$35
&#160;was reallocated to the United Kingdom reportable segment in connection with this change. See Note 1
 Business
 and Note 19
 Segment Information
$134
 of accumulated impairment charges
$97
 related to the Company&#8217;s United Kingdom operating segment
$29
$7
700




The following table sets forth balance sheet information for intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
June&#160;30
June&#160;30
359
385
232
239
(126
(114
465
510
$83
$65
June&#160;30
 2019
 respectively. 




Fiscal Year Ended June 30
15
18
16
988




Fiscal Year Ending June 30
13
13
12
12
9
646







Tabular disclosure of amortization expense of assets
 excluding financial assets
 that lack physical substance
 having a limited useful life.




























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019







June&#160;30
June&#160;30
Payroll
80
75
Facility
21
20
7
15
9
3
118
116
001













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019







June&#160;30
June&#160;30
420
401
206
296
(1
8
9
4
7
639
714
25
26
Long-term debt
613
687
501




June&#160;30
 2019
25
16
15
581
639
456



































Tabular disclosure of long-debt instruments or arrangements
 including identification
 terms
 features
 collateral requirements and other information necessary to a fair presentation. These are debt arrangements that originally required repayment more than twelve months after issuance or greater than the normal operating cycle of the entity
 if longer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.4-08.(e)
(f))





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019







Fiscal Year Ended June 30
(134
(13
47
82
95
40
(51
81
87
878




Fiscal Year Ended June 30
3
(1
18
1
18
20
14
23
20
32
(24
(22
(3
1
1
(2
(8
(25
(21
(10
(2
22
466




Fiscal Year Ended June 30
(10
22
30
State income taxes
(9
2
2
(7
(6
1
9
(3
(4
6
7
(25
3
(1
(3
1
(2
22
466




June&#160;30
June&#160;30
9
9
23
11
(92
(97
(6
(8
73
18
1
3
(34
(20
Noncurrent deferred tax liabilities
(21
(86
$29
 of non-current deferred tax assets included within Other Assets on the June 30
 2019 consolidated balance sheet.




Fiscal Year Ended June 30
20
20
17
1
(3
(1
34
20
831



Schedule of Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Including Interest and Penalties Activity
Unrecognized tax benefits activity
 including interest and penalties
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
6
11
16
5
(4
(4
11
6
11
602



































Tabular disclosure of the components of income tax expense attributable to continuing operations for each year presented including
 but not limited to: current tax expense (benefit)
 deferred tax expense (benefit)
 investment tax credits
 government grants
 the benefits of operating loss carryforwards
 tax expense that results from allocating certain tax benefits either directly to contributed capital or to reduce goodwill or other noncurrent intangible assets of an acquired entity
 adjustments of a deferred tax liability or asset for enacted changes in tax laws or rates or a change in the tax status of the entity
 and adjustments of the beginning-of-the-year balances of a valuation allowance because of a change in circumstances that causes a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset in future years.




























Tabular disclosure of the components of net deferred tax asset or liability recognized in an entity's statement of financial position
 including the following: the total of all deferred tax liabilities
 the total of all deferred tax assets
 the total valuation allowance recognized for deferred tax assets.



















































































































Tabular disclosure of valuation allowances to reduce deferred tax assets to net realizable value
 including identification of the deferred tax asset more likely than not will not be fully realized and the corresponding amount of the valuation allowance.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019







Fiscal Year Ended June 30
(41
11
(41
11
June&#160;30
 2019
Amounts reclassified into income for deferred gains/(losses) on cash flow hedging instruments are recorded in &#8220;Cost of sales&#8221; in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and
 before taxes
June&#160;30
 2019














































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019







Fiscal Year Ended June 30
Selling
9
13
9
Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
(2
10
11
9
1
2
3
622




1
1
4
4
1
057




Fiscal Year Ended June 30
29
17
6
11
15
9
3
5
3
768




Fiscal Year Ended June 30
6
2
538




As such
February&#160;19
1
March&#160;29
April&#160;15
April&#160;25
May&#160;15
1
3
352
































































Tabular disclosure of cost recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement by plan. Includes
 but is not limited to
 related tax benefit.




























Tabular disclosure of activity for award under share-based payment arrangement. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding award at beginning and end of year
 granted
 exercised
 forfeited
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.




























Tabular disclosure for stock option plans. Includes
 but is not limited to
 outstanding awards at beginning and end of year
 grants
 exercises
 forfeitures
 and weighted-average grant date fair value.




























Disclosure of the number and weighted-average grant date fair value for restricted stock and restricted stock units that were outstanding at the beginning and end of the year
 and the number of restricted stock and restricted stock units that were granted
 vested
 or forfeited during the year.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019







June&#160;30
1
June&#160;30
1
Contingent consideration
1
1
1
1
909




Fiscal Year Ended June 30
1
2
1
(1
(2
1
909



































Tabular disclosure of the fair value measurement of liabilities using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3)
 a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balances
 separately presenting changes attributable to the following: (1) total gains or losses for the period (realized and unrealized)
 segregating those gains or losses included in earnings (or changes in net assets)
 and gains or losses recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) and a description of where those gains or losses included in earnings (or changes in net assets) are reported in the statement of income (or activities); (2) purchases
 sales
 issues
 and settlements (each type disclosed separately); and (3) transfers in and transfers out of Level 3 (for example
 transfers due to changes in the observability of significant inputs) by class of liability.




























Tabular disclosure of assets and liabilities
 including [financial] instruments measured at fair value that are classified in stockholders' equity
 if any
 that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The disclosures contemplated herein include the fair value measurements at the reporting date by the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall
 segregating fair value measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets (Level 1)
 significant other observable inputs (Level 2)
 and significant unobservable inputs (Level 3).









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019







June&#160;30
19
16
14
13
11
44
118
942













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019







Fiscal Years Ended June 30
1
009
1
084
1
107
885
938
851
407
434
383
2
302
2
457
2
343
23
86
145
52
56
51
32
38
32
109
181
229
(123
(74
(119
(14
106
109
423
 
June&#160;30
 2019
 
 respectively
 which were primarily related to the United States and United Kingdom segments. A second customer accounted for approximately
 
June&#160;30
 2019
 
 respectively
June&#160;30
 2019
$30
 of Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
 net
$28
$4
June&#160;30
$17
$11
 related to the United States segment
$2
$3
$4
June&#160;30
 2018
$10
$9
 of accounting review and remediation costs
June&#160;30
$5
$5
June&#160;30
 2017
$29
$10
June&#160;30
$14
$7
$6
$26
373




Fiscal Year Ended June 30
1
709
1
842
1
743
298
302
312
178
196
176
115
116
110
2
302
2
457
2
343
505




The Company&#8217;s net sales by geographic region
 which are generally based on the location of the Company&#8217;s subsidiary
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
1
057
1
144
1
167
885
938
851
359
374
324
2
302
2
457
2
343
505



Schedule of Long Lived Assets
 by Geographic Region
The Company&#8217;s long-lived assets
 which primarily represent net property
 plant and equipment
Fiscal Year Ended June 30
115
99
173
174
87
86
376
360
564




































Tabular disclosure of the names of foreign countries in which material long-lived assets other than financial instruments
 long-term customer relationships of a financial institution
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred tax assets are located
 and amount of such long-lived assets located in that country or foreign geographic area.

























































Tabular disclosure of the profit or loss and total assets for each reportable segment. An entity discloses certain information on each reportable segment if the amounts (a) are included in the measure of segment profit or loss reviewed by the chief operating decision maker or (b) are otherwise regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker
 even if not included in that measure of segment profit or loss.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019







A summary of the Company&#8217;s consolidated quarterly results of operations is as follows.  The sum of the net income per share from continuing operations for each of the four quarters may not equal the net income per share for the full year
 as presented
June 30
March 31
December 31
September 30
557
599
584
560
106
125
114
99
23
(15
(24
(8
13
(24
(32
(7
10
(29
(23
Net loss from discontinued operations
(5
(75
(37
(14
(13
(65
(66
(37
June 30
March 31
December 31
September 30
619
632
616
589
125
133
133
123
16
29
30
29
5
24
25
26
(4
25
43
18
Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
(65
(12
3
1
(69
12
47
19
846



































Tabular disclosure of quarterly financial data. Includes
 but is not limited to
 financial information for fiscal quarters
 cumulative effect of a change in accounting principle and earnings per share data.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }















Organization
 Consolidation and Presentation of Financial Statements [Abstract]














Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]








































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


























 but we generally provide credit terms to customers ranging from 15-60 days
































































Description of timing for satisfying performance obligation in contract with customer. Includes
 but is not limited to
 as services are rendered
 and upon shipment
 delivery or completion of service.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017




















Concentration risk
 percentage


























Concentration risk
 percentage


























Concentration risk
 percentage









































For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }








Jun. 30
 2019






Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Property
 plant
 and equipment
 useful life









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Property
 plant
 and equipment
 useful life









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Property
 plant
 and equipment
 useful life









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Property
 plant
 and equipment
 useful life









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Property
 plant
 and equipment
 useful life









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Property
 plant
 and equipment
 useful life









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Property
 plant
 and equipment
 useful life









Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




Property
 plant
 and equipment
 useful life





































Useful life of long lived
 physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Examples include
 but not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 furniture and fixtures
 and computer equipment.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Jul. 31
 2019
Sep. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017





















120


696


130









164


138


333



Money market securities
 fair value


















460





































567





































027















Amount charged to advertising expense for the period
 which are expenses incurred with the objective of increasing revenue for a specified brand
 product or product line.

























































The net amount (to the extent disclosed within this portion of the income statement) by which an insurance settlement exceeds incremental costs incurred from the event causing an interruption of business
 plus the insurance award for earnings lost from the event
 such as a natural catastrophe
 explosion or fire.




























Investment in short-term money-market instruments (such as commercial paper
 banker's acceptances
 repurchase agreements
 government securities
 certificates of deposit
 and so forth) which are highly liquid (that is
 readily convertible to known amounts of cash) and so near their maturity that they present an insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates. Generally
 only investments with original maturities of three months or less qualify as cash equivalents by definition. Original maturity means an original maturity to the entity holding the investment. For example
 both a three-month US Treasury bill and a three-year Treasury note purchased three months from maturity qualify as cash equivalents. However
 a Treasury note purchased three-years ago does not become a cash equivalent when its remaining maturity is three months.




























The aggregate costs incurred (1) in a planned search or critical investigation aimed at discovery of new knowledge with the hope that such knowledge will be useful in developing a new product or service
 a new process or technique
 or in bringing about a significant improvement to an existing product or process; or (2) to translate research findings or other knowledge into a plan or design for a new product or process or for a significant improvement to an existing product or process whether intended for sale or the entity's use
 during the reporting period charged to research and development projects
 including the costs of developing computer software up to the point in time of achieving technological feasibility
 and costs allocated in accounting for a business combination to in-process projects deemed to have no alternative future use.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jul. 01
 2019
Jun. 30
 2019
Jul. 01
 2018
Jun. 30
 2018

















017




516




































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands







Nov. 05
 2018
Jun. 25
 2018
Sep. 26
 2017
Nov. 04
 2018
Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017





























065


177


658



Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
 net













































203)















































295


051


452


































244)

















222
















































































































































































































Officers Compensation
 Continuation Cost

























































Amount of expense for salary and wage arising from service rendered by officer. Excludes allocated cost
 labor-related nonsalary expense
 and direct and overhead labor cost included in cost of good and service sold.




























Amount of expense for salary and wage arising from service rendered by nonofficer employee. Excludes allocated cost
 labor-related nonsalary expense
 and direct and overhead labor cost included in cost of good and service sold.

























































The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).












































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 shares in Thousands
 $ in Thousands




Jun. 30
 2019
Mar. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Sep. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2018
Mar. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017





























654)


088


278)


101)


556)


241


130


613


945)


428


541



Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
 net of tax

897)


925)


223)


324)


385)


555)


973


233


369)


734)


889





551)


837)


501)


425)


941)


686


103


846


314)


694


430














































076


848


611



Effect of dilutive stock options
 unvested restricted stock and unvested restricted share units (shares)










































076


477


248




















































































































































































































































































































































































































































Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation attributable to the parent. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Per basic share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.




























Per diluted share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.

























































The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.




























The average number of shares or units issued and outstanding that are used in calculating diluted EPS or earnings per unit (EPU)
 determined based on the timing of issuance of shares or units in the period.




























Number of [basic] shares or units
 after adjustment for contingently issuable shares or units and other shares or units not deemed outstanding
 determined by relating the portion of time within a reporting period that common shares or units have been outstanding to the total time in that period.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017
Jun. 21
 2017





















000
000





000
000

































625

































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }












Jun. 28
 2019
Feb. 15
 2019
Mar. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Sep. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017























Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]




































464


























Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]


























348


946


958


464


252


464











223)








859)













511




































Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
























000





















000










000































































223)





















685




























Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]






















714












































Discontinued Operation
 Letter Of Credit




























Discontinued Operation
 Letter Of Credit
 Expiration Period




























Discontinued Operation
 Letter Of Credit
 Percent Of Maximum Draw




























Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Asset Impairments



















































































































The cash inflow associated with the amount received from the sale of a portion of the company's business
 for example a segment
 division
 branch or other business
 during the period.
















































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Jun. 30
 2019
Mar. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Sep. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2018
Mar. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017


Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]
























Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
 net of tax

897)


925)


223)


324)


385)


555)


973


233


369)


734)


889




























Income Statement
 Balance Sheet and Additional Disclosures by Disposal Groups
 Including Discontinued Operations [Line Items]










































109


475


606





















433


023


631





















324)


452


975







348


946


958


464








252


464





Selling
 general and administrative expense

















384


743


180





















088


699


530







223














859

























907)


454)


265





















538)


720)





Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
 net of tax

















369)


734)


889







Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Asset Impairments

























































Amount before tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Amount of tax expense (benefit) related to a discontinued operation. Includes
 but is not limited to
 tax expense (benefit) related to income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 tax expense (benefit) related to gain (loss) on disposal
 tax expense (benefit) related to gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and tax expense (benefit) related to adjustments of a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Amount of costs of goods sold attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of general and administrative expense attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of gross profit attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of other expense attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount of revenue attributable to disposal group
 including
 but not limited to
 discontinued operation.




























Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation attributable to the parent. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















460



Accounts receivable
 less allowance for doubtful accounts

616





359





604



Property
 plant and equipment
 net

776





089



Trademarks and other intangible assets
 net

029





382





464)





851










762





880





111










846







Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Impairments Of Long-Lived Assets Held For Sale





















































































Amount classified as accounts
 notes and loans receivable attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of.




























Amount classified as accounts payable and accrued liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as accounts payable attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.






















































































Amount classified as goodwill attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of beyond one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as inventory attributable to disposal group
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as other assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as other liabilities attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of beyond one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as prepaid and other assets attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount classified as property
 plant and equipment attributable to disposal group held for sale or disposed of
 expected to be disposed of after one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.
























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




























































035



Cash paid
 net of cash acquired







368


544





























Cash paid
 net of cash acquired

179
000


368









Contingent consideration
 high range | &#163;

500
000











Contingent consideration arrangements
 period for achievement operating results






































Concentration risk
 percentage (for Clarks acquisition
 less than)
















Business Combination
 Contingent Consideration Arrangements
 Period for Achievement Operating Results

























































This element represents acquisition-related costs incurred to effect a business combination which costs have been expensed during the period. Such costs include finder's fees; advisory
 legal
 accounting
 valuation
 and other professional or consulting fees; general administrative costs
 including the costs of maintaining an internal acquisitions department; and may include costs of registering and issuing debt and equity securities.




























For contingent consideration arrangements recognized in connection with a business combination
 this element represents an estimate of the high-end of the potential range (undiscounted) of the consideration which may be paid.




























For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of a business
 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }


























































Cash paid
 net of cash acquired









368
000


544
000

































Cash paid
 net of cash acquired

434
000













Contingent consideration
 high range

000
000













Contingent consideration arrangements
 period for achievement operating results












































Concentration risk
 percentage












































Cash paid
 net of cash acquired



465
000


110
000









Contingent consideration
 high range | &#163;



500
000











Contingent consideration arrangements
 period for achievement operating results












































Concentration risk
 percentage


















Business Combination
 Contingent Consideration Arrangements
 Period for Achievement Operating Results

























































For contingent consideration arrangements recognized in connection with a business combination
 this element represents an estimate of the high-end of the potential range (undiscounted) of the consideration which may be paid.




























For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.




























The cash outflow associated with the acquisition of a business
 net of the cash acquired from the purchase.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018


Inventory
 Net [Abstract]










600


600


926



Raw materials
 work-in-progress and packaging

287


287


599





887


887


525





346


381


913







Amount before valuation and LIFO reserves of completed merchandise or goods expected to be sold within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.




























Amount after valuation and LIFO reserves of inventory expected to be sold
 or consumed within one year or operating cycle
 if longer.

























































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.6(a)(3)
(4))



























Amount of loss from reductions in inventory due to subsequent measurement adjustments
 including
 but not limited to
 physical deterioration
 obsolescence
 or changes in price levels.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net (Details) - USD ($)
Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018


Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

302


800





940


628



Property
 plant and equipment
 net

362


172










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

892


378










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

534


289










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

670


348










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

655


092










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

501


894










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

264


519










Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






Property
 plant and equipment
 gross

786


280







Amount of accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization for physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services.




























Amount before accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.

























































Amount after accumulated depreciation
 depletion and amortization of physical assets used in the normal conduct of business to produce goods and services and not intended for resale. Examples include
 but are not limited to
 land
 buildings
 machinery and equipment
 office equipment
 and furniture and fixtures.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





Property
 Plant and Equipment
 Net (Narrative) (Details)

















































Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






























872


973


558
























393




































Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















617




































Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]




















617






057


449






661






















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






















243




557




166


344


712






















Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
























































Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]






























653


























Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
































057
























Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
























767








767
























Property
 Plant and Equipment [Line Items]
































































































































The aggregate amount of write-downs for impairments recognized during the period for long-lived assets held for abandonment
 exchange or sale.













































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017

















024
136


018
892











062


















700)




700)





Translation and other adjustments
 net



157)


882







024
136


008
979


024
136


018
892





277


277


277


577





























814


333






















519)
















Translation and other adjustments
 net












814


814


814


333





























163


135











062











519
















Translation and other adjustments
 net



344)


447







163


819


163


135





358


358


358


358





























159


424

































700)





Translation and other adjustments
 net












159


346


159


424



























219


219


219


219



























700


700


700



































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018











727


609












450


323





966)


545)





211


387



















734


834







Accumulated amount of amortization of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life.




















































































Amount of impairment loss resulting from write-down of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit to fair value.




























Amount of assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance and having a projected indefinite period of benefit.




























Sum of the carrying amounts of all intangible assets
 excluding goodwill
 as of the balance sheet date
 net of accumulated amortization and impairment charges.
 -Subparagraph ((a)(1)
(b))
































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Dec. 31
 2018
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017





















719


033


452










































Finite-lived intangible asset
 useful life






































Finite-lived intangible asset
 useful life
















































373































900


632


900


632





































300




500



































813


100





































787











Useful life of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Remaining amortization period of finite-lived intangible assets
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.





































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017













294


202


988













































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }













Finite-Lived Intangible Assets
 Net
 Amortization Expense
 Fiscal Year Maturity [Abstract]






916





473





770





197





646







Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of amortization expense for assets
 excluding financial assets and goodwill
 lacking physical substance with a finite life expected to be recognized during the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018









Payroll
 employee benefits and other administrative accruals

338


918



Facility
 freight and warehousing accruals

402


970





399


546





801


567





940


001







Accrued Facility
 Freight and Warehousing Costs
 Current




























Payroll
 Employee Benefits and Other Administrative Accruals

























































Carrying value as of the balance sheet date of obligations incurred and payable
 pertaining to costs that are statutory in nature
 are incurred on contractual obligations
 or accumulate over time and for which invoices have not yet been received or will not be rendered. Examples include taxes
 interest
 rent and utilities. Used to reflect the current portion of the liabilities (due within one year or within the normal operating cycle if longer).




























Amount of expenses incurred but not yet paid classified as other
 due within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018











022)







966


358





456


106





919


605



Long-term debt
 less current portion

537


501



















575


852



















250


250



















687


338




































Represents the aggregate of total long-term debt
 including current maturities and short-term debt.




























The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.

























































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs of long-term debt classified as noncurrent and excluding amounts to be repaid within one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.

























































Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }























Jun. 30
 2021
Mar. 31
 2021
Sep. 30
 2020
Jun. 30
 2020
Mar. 31
 2020
Sep. 30
 2019





Mar. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2019





































































000
000
000














































































































































































000
000





























000
000








































































727
000


































































750
000





000



















































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































































250
000








250
000















































































698
000






































































































Line of Credit Facility
 Additional Borrowing Capacity






















































































The carrying value as of the balance sheet date of the current and noncurrent portions of long-term obligations drawn from a line of credit
 which is a bank's commitment to make loans up to a specific amount. Examples of items that might be included in the application of this element may consist of letters of credit
 standby letters of credit
 and revolving credit arrangements
 under which borrowings can be made up to a maximum amount as of any point in time conditional on satisfaction of specified terms before
 as of and after the date of drawdowns on the line. Includes short-term obligations that would normally be classified as current liabilities but for which (a) postbalance sheet date issuance of a long term obligation to refinance the short term obligation on a long term basis
 or (b) the enterprise has entered into a financing agreement that clearly permits the enterprise to refinance the short-term obligation on a long term basis and the following conditions are met (1) the agreement does not expire within 1 year and is not cancelable by the lender except for violation of an objectively determinable provision
 (2) no violation exists at the BS date
 and (3) the lender has entered into the financing agreement is expected to be financially capable of honoring the agreement.























































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))




























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























The fee
 expressed as a percentage of the line of credit facility
 for available but unused credit capacity under the credit facility.


































































































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




















































751


168


819









































000
000


















Short-term debt
 weighted average interest rate
















338






687







Period of time between issuance and maturity of debt instrument
 in PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Amount of cash paid for interest
 excluding capitalized interest
 classified as operating activity. Includes
 but is not limited to
 payment to settle zero-coupon bond for accreted interest of debt discount and debt instrument with insignificant coupon interest rate in relation to effective interest rate of borrowing attributable to accreted interest of debt discount.





























 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-02.19(b)
22(b))



























Reflects the total carrying amount as of the balance sheet date of debt having initial terms less than one year or the normal operating cycle
 if longer.

























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018











919







400







204







775





















456


106



































Amount
 after unamortized (discount) premium and debt issuance costs
 of long-term debt. Includes
 but not limited to
 notes payable
 bonds payable
 debentures
 mortgage loans and commercial paper. Excludes capital lease obligations.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of long-term debt payable
 sinking fund requirements
 and other securities issued that are redeemable by holder at fixed or determinable prices and dates maturing in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Jun. 30
 2019
Mar. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Sep. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2018
Mar. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017













































096)


936)


781





















109


138


097





408)


407


577)


409)


838


032


246


086


987)


202


878




































The portion of earnings or loss from continuing operations before income taxes that is attributable to foreign operations
 which is defined as Income or Loss generated from operations located outside the entity's country of domicile.




























Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations before deduction of income tax expense (benefit) and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest
 and addition of income (loss) from equity method investments.





































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017













639


309)


331







383







694


542


884





093


616


922














045)


612)


198)





188


973







933)




218)





790)


503)


456)





697)




466

















































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017
Jun. 30
 2016













Cash paid for income taxes
 net of refunds

535


284


900)





Tax expense transition tax on the foreign subsidiaries&#8217; accumulated
 unremitted earnings



054









834













006









872






















076











912


831


712







869


730


602


019





057


917


409





Interest and penalties
 accrued


































242


057































761


065











Effective Tax Reconciliation
 Global Intangible Low Taxed Income
 Amount




























Tax Cuts And Jobs Act Of 2017
 Incomplete Accounting
 Change In Tax Rate
 Deferred Tax Liability
 Provisional Income Tax Expense






















































































The amount of cash paid during the current period to foreign
 federal
 state
 and local authorities as taxes on income
 net of any cash received during the current period as refunds for the overpayment of taxes.




























Amount of operating loss carryforward
 before tax effects
 available to reduce future taxable income under enacted tax laws.










































































































































































































The total amount of unrecognized tax benefits that
 if recognized
 would affect the effective tax rate.































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017


Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Amount










917)


818


757



State income taxes
 net of federal (benefit) provision

793)


774


757
















174)


539)







816







810




















859)


417)





834


054









006)







872













841)





549)




848





697)




466



Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Percent

















State income taxes
 net of federal (benefit) provision
























































































































Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Global Intangible Low Taxed Income
 Percent




























Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Unrealized Foreign Exchange Losses
 Percent




























Effective Tax Reconciliation
 Global Intangible Low Taxed Income
 Amount




























Effective Income Tax Rate Reconciliation
 Unrealized Foreign Exchange Losses
 Amount





























































































































































































































































































































Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations applicable to state and local income tax expense (benefit)
 net of federal tax expense (benefit).




























Percentage of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to income tax contingencies. Includes
 but not limited to
 domestic tax contingency
 foreign tax contingency
 state and local tax contingency
 and other contingencies.




























Amount of reported income tax expense (benefit) in excess of (less than) expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying domestic federal statutory income tax rate to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 attributable to Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.




























Percentage of reported income tax expense (benefit) in excess of (less than) expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying domestic federal statutory income tax rate to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 attributable to Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.


















































































































Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations
 attributable to increase (decrease) in the income tax rates.







































































































































































































































Amount of the difference between reported income tax expense (benefit) and expected income tax expense (benefit) computed by applying the domestic federal statutory income tax rates to pretax income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to increase (decrease) in income tax contingencies. Including
 but not limited to
 domestic tax contingency
 foreign tax contingency
 state and local tax contingency
 and other contingencies.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017













128


139







518


060







923)


365)







060)


444)

























976


276









348







985









912)


831)


712)





959)


909)







951











Deferred Tax Assets
 Inventory
 Noncurrent

























































Deferred Tax Assets
 Tax Deferred Expense
 Reserves and Accruals
 Loss Reserves
 Noncurrent




























Amount
 after allocation of valuation allowances and deferred tax liability
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible differences and carryforwards
 with jurisdictional netting.




























Amount
 before allocation of valuation allowance
 of deferred tax asset attributable to deductible temporary differences
 classified as other.



















































































































Amount
 after deferred tax asset
 of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable differences without jurisdictional netting.


















































































































Amount of deferred tax liability attributable to taxable temporary differences from property
 plant
 and equipment.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018











831


712





912


831



















773


251



















231)


345)

















































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017


Reconciliation of Unrecognized Tax Benefits
 Excluding Amounts Pertaining to Examined Tax Returns [Roll Forward]










730


602


019














446











990)


634)





869


730


602





































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018









Preferred stock
 shares authorized

000
000


000
000



Preferred stock
 shares issued






Preferred stock
 shares outstanding



































































Total number of nonredeemable preferred shares (or preferred stock redeemable solely at the option of the issuer) issued to shareholders (includes related preferred shares that were issued
 repurchased
 and remain in the treasury). May be all or portion of the number of preferred shares authorized. Excludes preferred shares that are classified as debt.






































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017













112)


239


368)























180)


497









































Reclassified into income
 before taxes































































































Amount after tax
 before reclassification adjustments of other comprehensive income (loss).












































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




























































































000


000


000


000











000


000


000









Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
 net







































203)

























































500
000





Awards denominated in shares of common stock other than options and stock appreciation rights
 value again available share limit







































































626
000


000


000









Equity instruments other than options
 nonvested (in shares)



898
000

















774
000





























































200
000









































130
000


000















































129


867














































Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Number of Plans






















































































The number of grants made during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.






















































































The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.






















































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.




























Period from grant date that an equity-based award expires
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.











































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017


Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Expensed and Capitalized
 Amount [Line Items]










065


177


658





189


165


622



Selling
 general and administrative expense








Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Expensed and Capitalized
 Amount [Line Items]










503


380


658



Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
 net








Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Expensed and Capitalized
 Amount [Line Items]












203)














Share-based Payment Arrangement
 Expensed and Capitalized
 Amount [Line Items]







































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017











Non-vested restricted stock
 restricted share units
 and performance units
 beginning balance (shares)

057




121





088

























Non-vested restricted stock
 restricted share units
 and performance units
 ending balance (shares)

360


057














Non-vested restricted stock
 restricted share units
 and performance units beginning balance (USD per share)



































Non-vested restricted stock
 restricted share units
 and performance units ending balance (USD per share)












The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.

























































The weighted average fair value at grant date for nonvested equity-based awards issued during the period on other than stock (or unit) option plans (for example
 phantom stock or unit plan
 stock or unit appreciation rights plan
 performance target plan).




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.



















































































































The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that vested during the reporting period.




























The weighted average fair value as of grant date pertaining to an equity-based award plan other than a stock (or unit) option plan for which the grantee gained the right during the reporting period
 by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash in accordance with the terms of the arrangement.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017













067


898


567





232


736


866





241


235


768





942




















Employee service share-based compensation
 tax benefit realized from restricted shares vesting




























Share-based compensation arrangement by share-based payment award
 equity instruments other than options
 grants in period
 total fair value




























Weighted-average period over which cost not yet recognized is expected to be recognized for award under share-based payment arrangement
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.

























































Fair value of share-based awards for which the grantee gained the right by satisfying service and performance requirements
 to receive or retain shares or units
 other instruments
 or cash.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017


























































































































































Number of options outstanding
 including both vested and non-vested options.

























































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017

















507
000


















538
000





394
000










































































































































































































Weighted average remaining contractual term for option awards outstanding
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands

















































































065


177


658









































000







































































































































000






















































000











































































000






























132


























































































































































































000




























































000


















































































































































000















482











2016-2018 LTIP | Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
 net

































065













































129




867





































































Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Annual Total Shareholder Return Percentage




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Holding Period




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested
 Grant Date Fair Value




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Shares To Be Granted After Performance Period




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Percent Of Shares Granted




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Percent Of Targeted Award




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Shares Subject To Holding Period

























































Estimated period over which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the equity-based payment award
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Period over which grantee's right to exercise award under share-based payment arrangement is no longer contingent on satisfaction of service or performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but is not limited to
 combination of market
 performance or service condition.




























The number of equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that were forfeited during the reporting period.






















































































The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.










































































































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands











Sep. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017
May 15
 2019
Apr. 25
 2019
Apr. 15
 2019
Mar. 31
 2019
Mar. 29
 2019
Feb. 19
 2019
Jun. 30
 2016































065


177


658



































































Equity instruments other than options
 nonvested (in shares)



360
000


057
000


000














121
000
















































































129


867











































































588
000







































































Equity instruments other than options
 nonvested (in shares)



412
000











































































398
000






000


000


000


398
000


000


000

























































































































352




324

















































































































































































































000











































































000




































































































000















































































































































































Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Annual Total Shareholder Return Percentage




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Holding Period




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested
 Grant Date Fair Value




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Shares To Be Granted After Performance Period




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Percent Of Targeted Award

























































Period over which grantee's right to exercise award under share-based payment arrangement is no longer contingent on satisfaction of service or performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but is not limited to
 combination of market
 performance or service condition.




























The number of non-vested equity-based payment instruments
 excluding stock (or unit) options
 that validly exist and are outstanding as of the balance sheet date.






















































































The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.

























































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands





Jan. 24
 2019
Nov. 06
 2018
Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017





















065


177


658

































050
000

































































571




























636

























































































050
000







































000


















































000

































































132






































































































































000
























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Annual Total Shareholder Return Percentage




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Award Holding Period




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Nonvested
 Grant Date Fair Value




























Share-based Compensation Arrangement by Share-based Payment Award
 Equity Instruments Other than Options
 Shares To Be Granted After Performance Period




























Estimated period over which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the equity-based payment award
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents the reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days.




























Period over which grantee's right to exercise award under share-based payment arrangement is no longer contingent on satisfaction of service or performance condition
 in 'PnYnMnDTnHnMnS' format
 for example
 'P1Y5M13D' represents reported fact of one year
 five months
 and thirteen days. Includes
 but is not limited to
 combination of market
 performance or service condition.






















































































The difference between the maximum number of shares (or other type of equity) authorized for issuance under the plan (including the effects of amendments and adjustments)
 and the sum of: 1) the number of shares (or other type of equity) already issued upon exercise of options or other equity-based awards under the plan; and 2) shares (or other type of equity) reserved for issuance on granting of outstanding awards
 net of cancellations and forfeitures
 if applicable.








































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Oct. 27
 2015











Equity method investment
 ownership percentage



















632


524









Equity Method Investment
 Ownership Percentage Diluted Basis

























































This item represents the carrying amount on the entity's balance sheet of its investment in common stock of an equity method investee. This is not an indicator of the fair value of the investment
 rather it is the initial cost adjusted for the entity's share of earnings and losses of the investee
 adjusted for any distributions (dividends) and other than temporary impairment (OTTI) losses recognized.

































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017








































291


156



























909


656







936





































































































































































































































































909









909


































































Fair value portion of currency on hand as well as demand deposits with banks or financial institutions. Includes other kinds of accounts that have the general characteristics of demand deposits. Also includes short-term
 highly liquid investments that are both readily convertible to known amounts of cash and so near their maturity that they present insignificant risk of changes in value because of changes in interest rates.




























Aggregate fair value of all derivative assets designated as hedging instruments. Includes instruments designated as cash flow hedges
 fair value hedges
 and hedges of net investments in foreign operations.




























Aggregate fair value of all derivative liabilities designated as hedging instruments. Includes instruments designated as cash flow hedges
 fair value hedges
 and hedges of net investments in foreign operations.













































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }




























































870
000)


281
000)










































Derivative
 notional amount







275
000





Fair value amounts of foreign exchange derivative contracts
 assets







000































Derivative
 notional amount







845
000


986
000





























Fair value amounts of foreign exchange derivative contracts
 assets







000


000





























Contingent consideration
 high range



000
000









Contingent consideration arrangements
 period for achievement operating results






































Contingent consideration
 high range | &#163;





500
000







Contingent consideration arrangements
 period for achievement operating results






































Contingent consideration
 high range | &#163;

500
000











Contingent consideration arrangements
 period for achievement operating results






































Equity method investment
 ownership percentage (less than)
















Business Combination
 Contingent Consideration Arrangements
 Period for Achievement Operating Results






















































































For contingent consideration arrangements recognized in connection with a business combination
 this element represents an estimate of the high-end of the potential range (undiscounted) of the consideration which may be paid.


























































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018


Fair Value
 Liabilities Measured on Recurring Basis
 Unobservable Input Reconciliation
 Calculation [Roll Forward]








909


656







547





870)


281)














909





































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017













426









584









218









221









041









452









942









091


054


153
































































Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the next fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the fourth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the third fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due in the second fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Amount of required minimum rental payments for operating leases having an initial or remaining non-cancelable lease term in excess of one year due after the fifth fiscal year following the latest fiscal year. Excludes interim and annual periods when interim periods are reported on a rolling approach
 from latest balance sheet date.




























Rental expense for the reporting period incurred under operating leases
 including minimum and any contingent rent expense
 net of related sublease income.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }











Apr. 26
 2017
Aug. 17
 2016
Dec. 29
 2016















































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017




















Defined contribution plan
 costs



371
000


367
000










































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Jun. 30
 2019
Mar. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Sep. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2018
Mar. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017





























682


797


156


833


598


720


232


219


302
468


457
769


343
505







865


387)


104)


580


254


965


241


886)


040


423



Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
 net





484


420










156

























107


026


388



Accounting review and remediation costs
 net of insurance proceeds







414


887


313


451


642


334


293


562





















719


033


452





















460

















700










700





























































900




632








900


632




















































































































































300




500











































































373
































































































787













































































700









































































813


100























































Concentration risk
 percentage










































































Concentration risk
 percentage




























































































302
468


457
769


343
505





















097


025


265







































































009
406


084
871


107
806





















864


319


307







































































488


029


757





















413


046


948







































































574


869


942





















820


660


010







































































983)


985)


842)



Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
 net

















156

























443


118


388



Accounting review and remediation costs
 net of insurance proceeds

















334


293


562

























079











































































579







Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan Expense
 Net




























Property Plant And Equipment
 Removal Of Machinery Expense




























For an entity that discloses a concentration risk in relation to quantitative amount
 which serves as the benchmark (or denominator) in the equation
 this concept represents the concentration percentage derived from the division.




























The net amount (to the extent disclosed within this portion of the income statement) by which an insurance settlement exceeds incremental costs incurred from the event causing an interruption of business
 plus the insurance award for earnings lost from the event
 such as a natural catastrophe
 explosion or fire.



















































































































A fee charged for services from professionals such as doctors
 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))



























Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.




















































































































































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Jun. 30
 2019
Mar. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Sep. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2018
Mar. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017





























682


797


156


833


598


720


232


219


302
468


457
769


343
505







































































057
625


144
832


167
688







































































488


029


757







































































355


908


060







































































709
695


842
535


743
860







































































333


795


784







































































966


245


408







































































474


194


453




































Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.






































































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }






Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018











687


564



















866


650



















544


214



















277


700







Long-lived assets other than financial instruments
 long-term customer relationships of a financial institution
 mortgage and other servicing rights
 deferred policy acquisition costs
 and deferred tax assets.























































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }





 $ / shares in Units
 $ in Thousands




Jun. 30
 2019
Mar. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Sep. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2018
Mar. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017





























682


797


156


833


598


720


232


219


302
468


457
769


343
505





077


269


273


594


097


013


950


388


213


448


396







865


387)


104)


580


254


965


241


886)


040


423





408)


407


577)


409)


838


032


246


086


987)


202


878





654)


088


278)


101)


556)


241


130


613


945)


428


541



Net (loss) income from discontinued operations
 net of tax

897)


925)


223)


324)


385)


555)


973


233


369)


734)


889





551)


837)


501)


425)


941)


686


103


846


314)


694


430













































































































































































































































































 -Subparagraph (SX 210.5-03.1
2)
























































Amount of income (loss) from continuing operations before deduction of income tax expense (benefit) and income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest
 and addition of income (loss) from equity method investments.






















































































Amount after tax of income (loss) from a discontinued operation attributable to the parent. Includes
 but is not limited to
 the income (loss) from operations during the phase-out period
 gain (loss) on disposal
 gain (loss) for reversal of write-down (write-down) to fair value
 less cost to sell
 and adjustments to a prior period gain (loss) on disposal.




























Per basic share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.




























Per diluted share amount
 after tax
 of income (loss) from the day-to-day business activities of the discontinued operation and gain (loss) from the disposal of the discontinued operation.




























The portion of profit or loss for the period
 net of income taxes
 which is attributable to the parent.





















































































Amount
 excluding tax collected from customer
 of revenue from satisfaction of performance obligation by transferring promised good or service to customer. Tax collected from customer is tax assessed by governmental authority that is both imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transaction
 including
 but not limited to
 sales
 use
 value added and excise.









































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }










Jun. 30
 2019
Mar. 31
 2019
Dec. 31
 2018
Sep. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2018
Mar. 31
 2018
Dec. 31
 2017
Sep. 30
 2017
Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017





























393























Impairment charge related to long-lived assets
 net

558

























346
















381


913





Inventory write-down
 net

606























Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
 gross





148


553

















Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan expense
 net





484


420










156















414


887


313


451


642


334


293


562



Professional fees
 net







518


941


654


346


638



























719


033


452



Intangibles impairment
 net





374





























700










700





Goodwill impairment
 net









553































000









Insurance proceeds
 net















622

































































900




632








900


632





Intangibles impairment
 net









192





































































223)














859)











511

























348


946


958


464








252


464





Asset impairments
 net



532


314


170


699



































































617























Impairment charge related to long-lived assets
 net

143

















































































243




557






166


344


712



Impairment charge related to long-lived assets
 net







436




050

































































617










057


449








661



Impairment charge related to long-lived assets
 net

143










648


593






















































































Impairment charge related to long-lived assets
 net




























Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan Expense
 Gross




























Chief Executive Officer Succession Plan Expense
 Net




























Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Asset Impairments




























Disposal Group
 Including Discontinued Operation
 Asset Impairments
 Net




























Impairment of Intangible Assets (Excluding Goodwill)
 Net




























Impairment of Long-Lived Assets to be Disposed of
 Net

























































Insurance Proceeds From Accounting Review
 Net




























Inventory Write-down
 Net




























Professional Fees
 Net










































































































































































































The aggregate amount of write-downs for impairments recognized during the period for long-lived assets held for abandonment
 exchange or sale.




























Amount of loss from reductions in inventory due to subsequent measurement adjustments
 including
 but not limited to
 physical deterioration
 obsolescence
 or changes in price levels.




























A fee charged for services from professionals such as doctors
 lawyers and accountants. The term is often expanded to include other professions
 for example
 pharmacists charging to maintain a medicinal profile of a client or customer.
 -Subparagraph (SX 210.6-07.2(a)
(b)
(c)
(d))










































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }

























000







The cash inflow associated with the amount received from the sale of a portion of the company's business
 for example a segment
 division
 branch or other business
 during the period.




























Detail information of subsequent event by type. User is expected to use existing line items from elsewhere in the taxonomy as the primary line items for this disclosure
 which is further associated with dimension and member elements pertaining to a subsequent event.


























































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }









Jun. 30
 2019
Jun. 30
 2018
Jun. 30
 2017











SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Movement in Valuation Allowances and Reserves [Roll Forward]










086


447









880


077





016)









035)


290)









086


447












SEC Schedule
 12-09
 Movement in Valuation Allowances and Reserves [Roll Forward]










831


712


172





773


251


862














692)


132)


322)





912


831


712



























































































































































































































							function toggleNextSibling (e) {
							if (e.nextSibling.style.display=='none') {
							e.nextSibling.style.display='block';
							} else { e.nextSibling.style.display='none'; }



















000












000
























000)












000







Amount after tax of increase (decrease) to equity or (increase) decrease to net assets
 resulting from the cumulative effect adjustment of a new accounting principle applied in the period of adoption.
















































































































































begin 644 Financial_Report.xlsx
M4$L#!!0    ( 
J'4\?(\\#P    !,   +    7W)E;'
O+G)E;'.MDD^+
MPD 
Q;]*F?L:5\'#8CUYZ6U9_ )Q)OU#.Y



*P).B0\5?UX^8 TBTH_0(:+L A#&^NQT:E8(C

0;FP@R8;-OGYIH(?
MMWF\81AU8\K(XK%T-8943OTJDH\ Q:X831F:3LTXXFBD(3^ G/
6+V2?$9/
M-(X'PJ8%EQV^3O8:W7..7AKQ%/25V^9CGIYFHQ*/B76_..7+8\#?NW_+

MFS*V!]C1TN]/GTM#D+[B,_1!XQD,=V-KNN3T&'#3D1! 1]0J=2.27ZJ7GP


M.NPI 2\Y


5E7?%U4]T6]WO-&U%Q4S?OL


M !




B0103 9IZ_PP JE3%ZU6FD PSA]R1
2
(<7<K_WUE[O)



9:AAOBTQJP1X!-]M[X(


MCVFS(Z=T)LWH







M\J(A[J&&F


O



&D^:

MW8G1V(E&N=]H=U9:M&
4LY66O0[/NG//Z_ FIR

AFP@D
X0(D*E(!._HCD$9%ZC$ O*]
M.F\02(9+5*A$!?FY)X%  J6^125N(=^O-0()%)NDN.-2&
&O-X8)5)P$?$U



MME/ K/AK%X_#U?5B2N6AZWY



M_WM\C4V23TY2'X]=








59E[ST$F
G D&XKDL^;]2YR8

C0QDXE0VE











G4I.J:J56

MMAXCY[7_:YV$F#5ORN2

M.*-D.TC03(*6BIVM.-) F3^0(Y(9#VAW

MB;/
*
/6P QE;I#(1+9()$!,DC269+@*36?/= M)G22Q31(;)(
DGB])
8L&0.AE2FR$U&-*'#/<4X;,R9#9#,9K
MN,T^\H8\$U(<B=);I/D!DENU0K'K3=7Y2/*!1

W

O
MT,9R2R.$WN=ZYYB$-I=U3D)'L@C!W,'EDH9Y?(?+?7)9'
ADPM9R:($1@XJ


MPS4[= 3MQD\(
'W';/X#4$L#!!0    ( 
J'4^1#L[*@4  )D8   8
&ULA9G1;JLX$(9?)<I]@F=L#%1II(9H



MU?WINK].CXV_BJZM[ Z5.[:'^CAKW
O]_ 'NMEKW 0/Q]\&=V\GW63^4I[K^
MWE_\MKN?JUZ1*]USUS=1^(]WE[NR[%OR.OX=&YU?^^P#I]\_6O]E&+P?S%/1




M)VB#W


_ES OFZKFE%JJ0(V LF4AMZSI








W=IT-WV;'0CZ+
IC+8JF^W76QT:*4F=14LKLK;_F57<]Z_SO87@
MT0%D(#P9@#5 ?0C@-T

MMK$;[.X_-3R-:CTM 
*9=VH3:6;9
^22&0A/91^Z(%@72V*%D^L.5C9!@VLD


M(_


 .=



MSPF30U'^J-;6UH.?VWQ7W0[7=;V_&8^KI[7=9M678F]W[C_/1;G-:G=9OHRK


MB'\V]E!]^CYHIO)8%#^:BS]6MT/1

M$_CY^WOV93MY-YG'K++S(O^^6=7KVZ$9#E;V.7O-ZZ_%X7?;32@:#KK9_VG?
M;.[@#1
WQE.15^W?P=-K51?;+HNCLLU^'C\WN_;ST.5_#\
!U 70*4#2V0#5







(35W8WFGL*YL?5 ^3R#\NM']/OI8^.D7
MA)^P\-


+QI4=2=K
MH0'T0OD\@0'$$C3A^-
+U^8M_E]9^;+958/'HJZ+;?N&];DH:NN2BB\NW=IF
MJ]-%;I_KYFOBOI?'M^?'B[K8=[\


YSR



M.J9BXKO%Q



V$(5?Q?]U^0,?\0@;R4+1 RRV

CYAF*NW_KMU]U3UPV3;^O5







M]P'X(D#  1P
X/8!W'D X\5@'31AK]GL-3-;
5O1FX76I9!DE[4H1




V!ZJ:1GT)00KH%H



M$



](E[PKI'_W+ +;EB:P)

]59JSRU@+)DJHUD,HFFPJ)E#&W&' K2FXQV/H$0Q+:0#;NCE4RA3J?
M2F42%UZ3 6Q5$ENL6:-FR \E#9#D/4(J5 B,D<4 695$%@/.L%=[8R3+6U&Y
MR42RBDJ5#6-H,8!6):'% #+..5EM+Y N)?C-4AGW5@#%;QC:C%X0R=!6C/8
M29%ZT[( 
ID$D=9I<#[*HDNQS 37#R+=DR=BIMW9(EJN)PB1W


M=[O&.0L1SJ*B4K6X=+ &-R



MN^ZVC_N#\=WDKG_9#.

M\J4?AGZ]/P!^Z/NARS;-ASRR3UU[?_JRZAZ&\6/

MKPJW_P)02P
$%     @ RH(=3^PHCXVQ 0  T@

MU?8QVX3NW\\VA+(


MP@/*GZ)R;4X_4E)!S7OIGG'X#%
_MY1
S7^%
TB?'I3X&B5*&[^D[*U#-;%X
M*8J_C:?0\1PF_@ML'9!
@.0*P

+8O
S+OX 4$L#
M!!0    ( 







?D 3Y;AFT6%FPC?_*-POTRP

M+GAM;'U3VX[3

M]PY$G4!:

$RHX%W=.;XTFV78@.

@2P39


T[1)FVRN:?N9U5')@5C ]?KO.Z!K;6OZ!9AA
MWILWPY!/QKZX#L35ZUZ5]#.^^'(F*LZT
+=F0%ZO&F


M-M

M %\!#Q' YD11^3OA19E;






RYX;6Q]4]MNVS 

M2@=C7UP#X



K8AW*-ZA]YKSY#9EUT TQ9S&
\_@FO\/':7\4MFZU(Q?C\65C_RMC/*4Y 9'
MJ,$/-AL2*A^.=WBVXYB-AC?=](/8_(WS=U!+ P04     #*@AU/0T.<W[0!



2HC75Q)-3IOU**J2CQ,N^]COLTWV390MLG\(7 5\)=C,/F
M0#'SC\*+,K=F(G;N_2#$Z='CKVI@C.V(MYA\@Z]UY(G'W)V#4(+YC1C^ :3




RP_B*W?N/P#4$L#!!0    ( 

VHGFV+8 C


]@9$%4E:
;[;73


MYBBTHE-716



MI



:4+?'(]=T_K@8$76BP9^@/_9GRQ:;&&I.@7:=483

AAC-\S
M)UU2!N#Z_,;^)=:.M9R%@WLCG[K*MSF]I:26@S2/YKQ*\SU7%
R%_\=+B Q

MXR2OO
O WO'X)G_#IVE_$+;IM-GX_%E8_]K8SR@E-T5CE+'VPQ)-0^'#_A

/8LLW+OX 4$L#!!0    ( 



Q22@VMDZ8E%JJ
;#065#\<;/-MQ
MS$;#FV[Z06S^QOD?4$L#!!0    ( 

LZ3C%TT1QSG&+X*F:W1##/OJ3@6RF._\X




M:&5E='

M-YDD5GT)MK
I?\_824. B!?;


6XU/








M='

YX;6Q]4]MNW 0_17$!X1=O$U6*]M2-E&52JVT2M7FF;7'


M9'1+WQR/;=VXX&!YVHD:?H+[U9V
M]C
4K8*M&U1$P-51F^WA^
NQ

M=G$FH9(SXG





\Y

M9=YE'_=ION'I0MLG\(7 5\)=C
/F0#'SC\*+



RP_B*W?N/P#4$L#
M!!0    ( 


#%[)#DZ6N$%K87\=09DQIWOZX7B4



IEUV
M<1^GF^O;&;8-X#. +X[F(=-B:+R3\*+(K-F)';J?2_$^\/''M3!F=L1;Q#
M\0Z]EX(G/&.70#3''*<8OHK9+Q$,V9<4?O%D?\#Y]OP9%-A$N')'PJ3;8)T
MDR-!.E_2]R*2?]*PE8]U6;.$V.E&;HXB2OO
O WO/X)K_#IVG_+FPC.T?.

/8LLW+MX!4$L#!!0
M   ( 




MPW&K0/X!. SX'E86.BI/R=\*+(+ [$CKWO1'SB[8F'WI31F5J1[H)X%[RW
M@N\.&;M%HBGF/

M;'U3VV[4

+^*=:.M5R$@WLC?W:5;W-ZH*2
M6@S2/YCQ,\SUW%(R%_\5KB Q/C!'*61+JZD')PW:F9!*4H\3WNGXSY.-^GM

M9HD;

7V


5_@BLH#(]*
$=EE4\KJ08?K)Y94(H6S]


M&HGFF-



O WJ='9*_AT[1_%JZ5QI.+#?BRJ?^-M0%0


M\?&'-ETJX*].#QIO:64\FK9AKK<@J@A2DO'=
M[H8IT6E:9-%WLD5F!B\[#2=+W*4L*]'D&;
:4+?'(]=T_K@8$76BP9^@/_9


AAC-\S)UU2!N#Z_,;^)=:.M9R%@WLCG[K*MSF]I:26@S2/YKQ
M*\SU7%




OY
G'1.&8#+\QO[UU@[UG(6#NZ



W^1O^#CM#\+6LG7D;#R^;.Q_98P'E+*YPA%J
M\(/-AH+*A^
UGNTX9J/A33?](#9_X_P54$L#!!0    ( 


E;M!:V%\G4&;

MI(;.2=
1W5.[W;'4QKB8\ /:-;G4FHY&+
4S ^5SE-@B!04/K ('[PCTH
M%8A0QL^9DRXI W!]?F'_&&O'6B[P;U1C[+R;4YO*:F@%H/R#V;\!'
]!TKF
MXK_ %12&!R68HS3*Q964@_-&SRPH18OG:9==W
?IYI#.L&T GP%\ =S&/&Q*

KXAV*=^B]%OR09.P:B.:8TQ3#5S&[












Z35VM@$  -(#   9

P+GAM;'U386_;(!#]*X@?4!*2IEED


122 V-DZ8A
'W@V)L\.&,KXAV*=^B]9/SZ)F&70#3&'(<8/HM93Q$,V:<4
M?G%D7^ \V7X9E'A)L(W_RC<+Q-L%PFVD6#[:8E+
5_^2\)F/=5@JSA-CN2F



(\CO;\P
ZU?A77




(//00%8D\E4H A1]] J$G\!R71$**/P$


M_#R (#\/DKOAI^'RZ

$%
M  @ RX(=3X@\^_*W 0  T@


M[R.(59EB0'IKC0M

MWO


M-'R0_M&



M)
G9+1#-


RYX





_!^-R4- D)



M_6\1'?A4DCL_0KW_8*LAH77A^-Z?S3QFL^%P6'X06[]Q]0=02P
$%     @
MRX(=3ZD@GP2W 0  T@


MW8+0A#F/&+[ ;&8$\^IS+X6XLS_H_-U^G8UPVVD;Y?TY+ NL%L5V$6!W3\E
M'CZ4N(8Y?@C%CU58.HX3984V.LXR0OO/+ //+[)7_@X[5^%J5MMR16=?]G8
M_PK1@4\EN?

M*\:3Y)II(3M:9-%W
D6&@U.R@Y



DK[S*PMSR^R3M\FO:?PC2RL^2
SK]L['^-
MZ




'8Q[B8\ ?#I/=G%&HY*SU<S^-R5.@B 04+O


F#L[8BGCGQ5OOO5192@MR41+

M8I+/*LFFIQ)





K

EV(!Q^W;%]UUM(_PCE\EW
0



MA%WL;=.5;2F;JFJE5EJE:OO
VF

M!2%

]!TKF

.F

M@VWB-#E2FJ&+D[SR+@-[Q^.;_(-/T_Y-V$9VCER

$%     @ RX(=3^XY
6C% 0

0G@A
ME\:O11.OEIZXG;^K?PRUNUHNS
S$C]Y;;L'SJH6&CL]J^@1+/7N
EN*_
MP!6$@_M




M 
N'4]XL]4] $  


M+_ #[


MB&%BW&2-FJP1@=7
!

-:K)!!#8S$PSSP7%M49
M(K;F68/6ZR0TUV
M[P56BYD)AOG@Q]NC)GM$8'[Q&&9^\73RF3H2V@C)LK5M0DM;!(=.]4CX_Q





JFJAJIE5:IVCQ[
M80 KOA#;+.G?US:$D)07VS
^Y\S%XWS4YMEV  Z]2J%L@3OG^B
AMNI 
GNC



S\/8'0
M8X%W^

M79U1J.2B]7
P'NH)R$A$%YH

]=QB-!?_ ZX@/#QDXF-46MBXHFJP3LM9

ISNYQ]$


MJ&1YDA)W?S])=CW/55\BD3H\AZ1#YA
7+[(#4-XKHX

185ATP(N_X

QADSP=/0%.@^\/QE!F\!?SL


O

M9AC:\' ;'H9N@LA)$%FZ+\2LUV)+LPGMTCL%(G?$\3^3L2%^:3B5




-=5W
M


MK=1*JU1MG[TP@!4;4]LLZ=_7-H32C5^P9WS.F8L]Y)-4K[H#
.A-\%X7N#-F


M%=*C$%3].0&74X%C_.YX86UGG(.4^4!;^ [FQW!6UB*K2LT$])K)'BEHOP8
M'T^9PWO 3P:3WNR1J^0BY:LSOM0%CEQP*$R3H':Y0I/P+D3LFG\7C3Q&M(1




PVQL0520IR?AN=\N4


YEZKU'#6)8M
+O^ ]/JFY8$1I4S18#@)(98
8Q:'O)YB1


:IVV%/=/)2^V]%5&29/AFB!;


@V(FX
!_T.W6*I Z:?BPL0[$;RY@@Q$

M[[)L-EH!4C91U$JMM$K5]MD+ UCQA=IF2?^^8T


L6%ID46
M?6=;9*;W4F@X6^)ZI;C]?0)IAIQNZ9OC632M#PY69!UOX!OX[]W9HL5FE4HH

8ZME3
A7_

^C#?[=**M$Y*)D
R$NQB'C8%B

M!;:)T^1(:7H=)WGAG0?V/HEO\@X?I_TKMXW0CER
,S'<=L-+SIIA_$YF]<_ %02P
$%     @ RX(=3]V53C3C 0

M .C@@[-.9:C1NC]@K(H&.%4/HH?.?*F$Y%2;4-98]1)HZ8HXPR0
=YC3MD-Y

0;S;X4F8HM(* 0:$M S7+!9Z!
M
4MD9+S/G&AI:0O7^RO[B_-NO)RI@F?!?K6E;C*T1T$)%1V8?A7C9YC]QB8
MS7^%S #MTI





;DQ
F=IC.

[)'KYSENPN^U 6.G%@4!G'0.UR@2=@S!%9
M&[\63KQ*NL+M_LK^XGNWO9RIAB?)?O:UZ0J<851#0T=F7N7T&99^4HR6YK_
M!9B%.R=6HY)

0W!606\LZ?J:%E

MXI#$
?ZO/
G2
$$2])AX@F2K_RD+$^R#!'M/L/_'P?U-DS
F]1CA
5D4UDB#








MR(@5A@E'9F&8.U9
T42FB
 $%YBA K/'K9BC O
'K


Q0T-NT_H#9C
N@Q)8BC[=_2R?BI



FC&Q%

)X=BD%DZ0 @:?*)4BPG\S PFR&3(A3 PG68%)
M5@!! A/@#ZQT7RAV'/H\0RI(
BC%8
G?XL)0+'P4

*^PMV# ',@'VEPF8@BP?4
MPF8@T)5PIQ8 W:E%DVZ@9O+L^B 5%.+2N9LLCKV6EOBNHF_\+Y1^TKEN6I4

M=#4Q+GAM;)56T6Z;

Q-[X(L9.\FJ;.@##\2IK@G_NZ05


M^L84KXIY(H*N6/6[W
GC/
S#8$?WY%3)1W;Y0FU!:1C8ZK_1
ZT47#M1.;:L


3]4D2[*[T%.0@-M<0

JO/
G#I[QB15)N



XZREYY08BPWNJJ



M1-!VN&0XXTTG_P-02P
$%     @ RX(=3R
N?-I-_=4
MSZ?\)(J\8D^UTYS*,JM_W[.7V8NN&\3S_G^(-H);SX]9GOVE8EOQZ=:CKRK
<D:MN#%CWPK#C,W<9TMVV6G
M0CSSRYJI@$+74=%_9F=62'CKB5QCPXNF^W<VIT;P4EF1KI39K_Z:5]WUHNR_
MT7 401R)0#])R%0A& L@2H'4L(%2$<2X@4(1I+B!4A'DM(%'1%Z_'=W^
M/F0BFT]K?G'JOD2/6=L)<)?(MJTDUW!=
_D%C=R]CRG03#USJTAA;GO
62
MH4/

$P\Q2Q-#AHB5B==69N0Y&],GLS9-7$$31SI^,'
MT00W$* &@LX '1A(M4A[3-1AJ@X#4I6T4%8(B#6LK8V46D46CRFJ
?4\#@E
$]Z$28F6UI6)^4(KY7].C(2YN/.QJBSL;F_
MU&(@00TDX].5H@92Q /0^BTU@@QDOK0*6R*HP \U6ZO42O0T%(AX.-RY,^
M$UTC?&,AXELR Q;9@_=+::5 6IU0BTP KA- D(@?25B1B1_EH5P/0%$4C5
M%PJ,A2PU;@&@DE(86$[@

$5 9+WWQF/G3;K&QA8T+!YC*@72'*0JVBB5X


$



6?^V?LO+*.7E9;Q.[R[?I
MKI?9UV'_3MRN1% 9U

L/?2RXV+;




SNYKYPS=TUNXY
M)5PW$@R %\RE#[!'AFA$M2:PJP4BI#\H)3TI.:^)IQ2BNAR+*;@U$&1I 9
W;?O 6:\0)&$F#



M'7M9B

.0=BDHT7(.B(;^9(31I)ENP)
*_W/8JU.EO HYX)H23^+!KHXRYC3
M/A%MA3G9DN
\]JYCJ. I9CJ25. CY)V08$
B\8X;R&\O+O?&]=VS/[H_ 2OW
MAAX^L6M:8Q\Z
'H([0B4+.]'&!DM:C-(:=+E'(^2YCL.C*Z_)73FT[2'E%$=

M.*8*]H3#P


\*B*506G]?0ZL=E;_9XF[[VD[[NBJ@:MUM.[














E41:F[5)M4E5IVW/-'$2
M5
 
G*3[][.-DP5SG?(2
#GGW ]\#S YLN:]W5'*G8^RJ-JIN^.\OO.\=K6C


M'G^TJ'N.*8F7YR?U1U6\*.8M:^D#*W[G:[Z;NL1UUG23[0O^RHX+J@N*7$=7




MW'X
MQ\K@;#7M@A6&%0D$/8485@AAA1#((3%ZT6%BA:D4)B%A;*DU@N-$
M0!P*\2P0CR^U@162#ZO=9X
:HU0$!)CHP*H
 UC8[
.43B-#*FG(:C?W&[#








MV;?H'&6YS4U1;\LBJ


M


MY03J6H%V GVM@


[3-$7#(SGR%G(K(6
MSCXHZF-*/3V]K.'.)[@@E\P]PEP2#U@44-.CSS#0W.]8&';)/&$
L/.

;!K

M(!40*A&:@C;?(QA+* 7C](!@A#
*K#TBF!1



M2+@Y@L4#'3ITDB!(&A#HFOBN)5
P#S!
)1QF+X9IHH:

P[I:T*LO&6//Q-]OC&Y,NSR^9637M8V*?J^/M__C2E#OW92,Z?UZ9
M_ ]02P,$%     @ RX(=3PL]1_B< @  3 D  !D   !X;]W;W)K<VAE971S

W4G


\N
V_PCO
M'RU US$[Y;?U.(^LZ4\_%B&U\/VQS8C'C']]I*



M;C

O\$]-L







MDSBU#=G^?6W'I



M3U8XU 2#^%705ESU/9W*AK$W/?BZF_I(.Z(EW4HM051SI@M:EEI)^?AC1?T^

M=J)B;%DIS-/;GH1DE5515BKRWK5%;=K6ZE]H
&TA+ GA/@A(;*$Z%E; GQ

?.^
8.3AZMC,(E(&!,B!0Z 2

X'NGB




K]?-B]-]H.$PA* C!/ N(32$\%9


M)NICUAB&=!A/[DFW
0&Z






$%


7(627
U\DO0K)Z

;7)



$T?!/JA[\^R?0R666 (Q)
#O%

M^A@LL\.(ACN^K0JCJTJ(YGJL-%'!3BU4+U8[#
 HM! /_QBT56U=%2-9J=
MZ2Y:GGP$9[=R=2@F@%9IJ7*!P#-%/L37I%3?G9]&'AY.S22'V?)M:QU3]#
MW6MF]E0] 7W'OKGIWX]OA)_+1C@')E4G

4?V!CJB32
MFFG:I$VJ.JW[[29.@@J8@9-T;S\;**)P/9$_P3;G7I][\+&=U577K\U)*1.\
M%7G9K
.3


M;7O1D&6?%:IL
VK%W+G!
M5KOVG:VVL:.7#:-X%5U<HA[ST&'($

M0
$$M$T0?RAC0O*AP_ 64W883BB:U@+ &!
(P71BD$X


\V@!=(TH/&U8IT



MP+FTWM

4FP-/H^)!''FF_MF)/(VD&N9[ISCF/-I6I#1QL.LR
M)XWBS)Z

MO;[&676]:/L?-)B -0%?1A]22:0(82/$WPAA*H)MA!*8);C!UP3_DQ!^


MX7819JA=1
^^9F8# @S--J+=:KAD9# 7GS0B]_U0EW80  :(;OH! T$ [(
M
^R4DC+DPUZ0ZN5V3:LRH1_#0\%P1*%9/ _(5H-87[JU%@$H[%(#M0!0
MQ#

-:N:+

PV9'TK@V']P(!^--Y2VB;@
M/L5W//


-
M:KT0^
PWBW(#U0X';BT


MH&UC:CMA]^WK4XB9]1OF!NSA7Z?QFH_Q+
Y%^:/::UW/?N;9L7J:[^OZ].@X
MU6:O\[3Z5ISTL?GEK2CSM&YNRYU3G4J=;CNC/'/(=7TG3P_'^7+1C;V4RT7Q





M'+OO\^#_TPP;T&! %X
F]BT#.1C(+P/_IH$:#-27@;IIX T&GF'@]+5WD[E.


M=V
9!=CT 73328'71Y+*@HDX5VNK6E+D$Z\KV1[KK$=(+L-8G(T@I9\%



9&22

E_K
M[;PE0':S13%Y)7HSGW*!T28#^X6+Z2$1/4PX2KZ5HHA
K
=VLK6=+!ED_J3L
MNCQ
-@FV;_Y$%RJ
-F6_?5.810JPB





M+$I*@]^&9]V:9S_R7\/L 7 
@%
 B#X
0&




M$Z_R? (P2I?%6-AP( B#.P636 4E%D&+HMPEJT1!%$*PT%VL82'P47*G_%*K

MX2?3T(53LG

M8Y(HE?Z#^FJ5&G[3AI*CU




M9D\+&I*9=])$!K-L
+B#1]Q#S8&-0B/!5!&P:&PEABV\6E@Y6-(/T8; B^

;4BIF%_;2 




M $718$U@S6-;\W3H.X]A-6-Z0TU@-6/[HV;7A%D[ (=1V*^)C:*6=KS.I3#C



M!!0    ( 

M)J^1Z#G@TI H08'GQ8CBMG/SU/C./$_9($G;P9D[8J 4\W\'(&S
7-^].9[;


G/$N<I9Z/#I[_;


M+GB

M\9VF[5UFFOV?F-=M)YP+D^H6FKM2




MJVZOB3V.K07C!1)OW[Z '2MQZ$U@\)GSS0 A'[EXERV \CX9[67AMTH-.X1D

*!V*$Y*# %+;)$91% 098J3K_3*W:P=1YORL:-?#07CR


M[;'16\%;!Z.\F7NFDR/G[R;X7A=^8 HI4R#D0/%W@&2HV1+N-C]O07I$F\


J



^HB)

R)R1R8:(7)')APB]T8[



M:&5E='

L^( /*\=2DZIJI5:*MNKV



=
&:
-

MY?SA_L7VKGLY4 D[SGZW)]5LPB(

MJ:)U)?@]$..?-5!S)J+G1&_FT2S:O;/?=+=2K]YJ4J85NAFC2;

MY:2
C],ZH5)/39 S-JR*)

M%I\LP]@]OFAQ(\T+^8.*2]O+X

$%     @ RX(=3['FA!J7 @  3 D  !D   !X


U2'I.R7XSADU=9(BQ)*&5VV\7KJY


THF

M!]F5 ^R%

MEX






M'SH
'6'(&+.%
'2
N88P;(SY%\+P

?=3

M'MC0@^?!'CCL@4]SH$9?;CN







M(+O=CR+\H1!_ L0'P@L:S*@8X04%]D@6FDL

M(ZK%$%HP?T;!T8M%U




T?4$L#!!0    ( 


MK%Q/180)+H220/)QP1M





M^/BA)5:!Q!(!G%U_CUF

:6H3AK-!V%E0*TV06#A@UIQJSDQXM



M^
 __S=C8U/T7+S)D!Y[PUKY=:OE.HV

M@)YM4






%)5YPX=3
R
M)R-;
0A9UI*MEPQC-R1W0O(U)%@6DJ^^

 [)(!\W.L;E7
MOU%QK5OI';G25X(]N!?.%6C+X$E75NFK?!HPNC3375?#!?:,%\&^]J-/TP
MRK]02P

M+$'M_OL%@FDDM





%H1:$0P61%D1#!;$6Q$


M
6:ZZS.^L=Q[6QACVQYLC&%G86/





$%     @ RX(=3U8=Q@3P @
&IW!^468B6\V.Q

_FV


06GIM?
M$QEU!4-H3Z%6KPNG] &*@*[
K&@.R$9^[= ^)0$GOA!G!(9QR[(1W^22#B



GZN3D+
MH;R7(B^;E7]6JEH$0;


.-$LVQEWG3_GK[2Z-DT6?14HKTI7MF


M@2P


M3


&R?&/!/SNR.  :*

M&-7'CUU3
+J^%:(^M7?IQMO+2ZG



M='






$MDF@D\K$(#_;3Z^*]FWY&.($/$_A= O\F02P&ZLR$
M'7/HF FY
8GQ7&J

 G!H6I%=&GYD$@T
8G\$LU4*D!2L6T7A@]'JZ8UTO-3 RI
MD054&'@Q%AQ!P1$0+'[E1?1P:#5!$85[;TT-TICJ#0&2L6 +&+51!R1%*LA
M(K%D$\U





'D#I7(FA@NV%L18RL2!: -)C_ 4H 9 9*J<8FQ&C<Y8L @%D


K[

M[@_5Z*VHZR+O;D@W15';1J/[U*RQG4W7EX?





.+
=53%#6'
MBRID\Z@K5=I_3KHNI+'#^APU5:WDL0LJ\H@@E$2%S
IPL^KFGNO-2E]-GI7J
MN0Z::U'(^L]6Y?J^#G'X/O$M.U]

MJ-5I'7[ 3WO



RNYY'_*_A\$!9 @@8T_
M.(L!= B@_QO A@#F!$1]*=W:[*61FU6M[T'=?]Y*MKL(/S&[^H=VLEOL[C^[
M/(V=O6U2(E;1K4TT:+:]ADPT9*[8^0H:SR5[7\+9*(DLXPA*0%#2Q=,I*$5P
M @HFH%T-DN G4I[3=)IRDXC
.%.L9(AB%@2@
0'&6=-MKXHD+H3%V67P5

X8B3 #C,P4E\GV1:=4\#J#AC
MYLN!6%2 
;9V-O4LXD1@4TX:


RWZ*NMS5C;!
MBS;V?.Y.T9/61MF4Z-'6=[$WL7&0JY-I7U/[7O?7D7Y@=#5<M:+QOK?YU!+




M
!JE J$BY
%B E!

3@F)0(P/$T0@0?3X
MNUF !(N)@G#IC\JQF2*HB@:%6T'H+Q@1LL2U+($JC'SI2(7[C?W\7J@F99%


M;TZ4M4C(+3L#WC.


M(X!4GU



M






BYX;6R55EUOFS 4_2N(]Q8N

M!TJE]]+4K5CZ!RF[FR 0FP-MB+AF'6W5/SO&&R+5D.\#T7%*MB:HJ8
H#+.@
M(57KKQ9F[H&O%NPHZZJE#]P3QZ8A_-^:UNR\]


MB-9T(S4%48\3O:-UK9F4CK\#J3^NJ0.G[Z_L7TSR*IDG(N@=J_]46WE8^H7O

Y?Z9!0ZGM#]M_IB=8*KI6H-3:L%N;7VQR%9
W HJ0TY*5_5JUY

M_HK@)E'N;_2D


03)U(3(RF/=8S*#:0WF*@$
M.UT7IC!Q:66

I0@^[AM.4J0.PKRU-K;=8])+=N*




RYX;6R56%UOFS 4_2N(]Q5\^; 3)9':-&TF
M;5+5:=LS39P$%7 &3K+]^QEPTV!?4OI2P#GG?MGWP.WD)









$$7L\ P
M81?S@&&
E!\Q3-S%+#$

I

ULZ!837R0:@G%N[FW
%U4
LZ5M
M5$^UB(^KH(^$VU

MJGH+8A?.X





M_.B)FE.R-Z2R\+#OQUY)\LI=S

)7@6S

Z_


NVBA%I
U&-S#H [A



T4D'0$UEK0?U80VR?



$%
M  @ RX(=3P'






#
AJ0=X/P0X-P- @-

M?L#@&09-%^R3RXPY&*/+7.\=)#9!(M(;D-H2$L@H!Q$FU/YG&F 4P0@@2A
M)@@7!
A(U()-*89$A5$B1&L#4I3(R$Y0(3P2M(C4&X$R#6\[/+2QA0:LBU



!+/!8VZ
M 1CQ9D_74C?\*!BZ:9!8.HFEB=$/;.H9 
( ^9I1* X=2C:_F&WR)D/T8T
M

MB1QW0P\X3 1OQ_[6GYKLW7]02P


Q X\


-[JC
M3:.%E(W?DZ8_I]3$Y?JN_LG4KFHY$D%WK/E5GV2U]5/?.]$SN3;RE0V?Z51/

XZ



M 

P E 2%^)WC*^N-+9G*

26Q/[ZI?U7)BV2VB.$-


69@-C*:C0P[_LXGLS *+ Q_
MC?99I@TF[+F$
QAHZ4X!96-0

U1CVNE=
M=R6F1]5*


M 

OOVV!1F$COZ1

U7=B%$LT2(YP54F#_1!FKYS9&R@NY92?$&P;X
MH$D509[C1*C96UGJ:[M6);2LR!E#3MF\7-58?9O#82V*]NUKX77\E0(54!9

M
T?XX2UD.X?$@3F$;^S3UWQ_'
+WS0*!42#0 L$X@.=


MG2.\T(^_G.G&'9A.M/PB[F1GX2?&D4&XUB@U$P

N%7+/NS.\V@C;]=8:&.S7[#U!+



%Q
M4A@G!7$T=I!!!]GUF;($LYV -A@?.2BXA!S 
N
L(%IHW=@!O#O#$$7) M


$AQRCS-'JY^]


&5&)J)-J

X[$#$K$

N4H$\1


M;N
X#/V5(!\06Z)LR44:H$W;Z6V!8A:[^^PF2A.
'6=MMYG]^_6MJ2V2A3
/

LH/=5W_99'D:


MXEGIVJ!!_+VSQZ+W?5*G\IIEO^J+A_7EU*\CLHE=E;6+N/KXL$N;)+6G*HY_





8^4'SW$
M/%$8

OHVS&BM.


M!:
D DN)X:1$
%HBSA 3P:B)&,G@BV$I)/FF&V(*BM.08P)!+1^*0EPR+I

1D)DH0$N;/O
MK@/U9Q'
@L#M-HR2


M@\2CP2CW@$ZF . 9,:Q&

U%S

M2#$#\V?#C1B X'11R#T43,:]S/O#
.5LH&HPY6 %QL%+L[ %&/H2#^8L



X%(9O!7$!









840:ZGWVJ


]O,-MAXK
YHZBR/A%T;:#H_#DA3$B_NR




R)*


M4$L#!!0    ( 


 G*+*_\Q:R[]EPO9OPDBKQBS[77
MG



 7 -(


M!!1-0+L$D9)@JE7::Y).4W6:*-)*-25IBMN(4!L18B/5;/2:^&:.!+2;LC(U
M-(EQ(S%J)#:
I&&H&8D1(T0S@FA2P(TDJ)$$
:)-LDR
20BDNA-$1.($MS)!
MK4R
ARP-+;5

MX

'&BESLJ48W@N $

MK) 0D76)!#APP 4X8++$Z


6(



RV;
?3/PL7RHY

OF[GMMM4Q#*V
M$0U%(B\GMF)9UC#).OXH4KO/V00.[R_LSVWSLIFWI&8KGOU.M^(PMR/;VK)=

09T\1HFAA)X^$$
MQ,4=[MZN*3&\),@-JBK0L%N?1#[5'W@$6X<!49I&YC DA9AA<!P8U,O#O$
MP8U'$.=I3X(#4WN^\B[ 



M('BI#EY.?_I;_ -02P
SCESQMA#/E#VRFL X;RUI.

MKVIH

MPZ]MB]F?$@@==F[@W@









'\

KQU8GM&KJ*N6')C#KTV#


1

M'3!PAGD@/*D^64;Q18NZ/CP6Z),*/D/T2DB![$($UST#S@WD0-H%D%4
M:0$T$PB3UC4@(DTIAT*E2(8V6UJTVXM$E]PV; A'.;*%PK1V2UB2PVYF^/
MEC8(@L1N$UMM8HN-\?.W\=(F@'!EAR56F\1B$Q@VR=(&^&C%)K7:I N;*#*S




H&



M E\;C.*IA5'<C#T=Y<38LYY\KW+DZXZ 0BDU@JC+%?9 J2:I/OY:*)IK:N/M
M^)7^U81784Y$P)[1/VTEFQRMD5=!32Y4/K+Q&]A ?)L^A]P!:KDNA-5HV14
PVQ-<1O#'B*
SH0'$T#J!D1.0&0 T0*P=@-B)R!V=+!Y
MLQ63)C&:WF@B=XG$62)Y7R+RW85$[Z/V3J!*2?ASRD[T*&[A)K9XFU(V3@


?
M%*A1Y_
\H5!+/4S5F$^'U#21;+ '
)Z_ L5_4$L#!!0    ( 





Q7_#6Y %%QGHF(4C CS=8I!2$8G%94*Q2]V;3NSCO8D/DRT;4(P$8*9


OS\[

MGPV?JNKY9#1:WST5BWS]N7PNEO5_'LK5(J_JR]7C:/V\*O+[C=!B/G+&A-$B

3H_


MNOGZ\W?P=W+NBH7K9;:E$7^:_LY6VX^W[;_2=[%9 '7KB=@
6# KX5\+\%

W[SIG?(N&PR&ZS


2ZDSJ8D1SC

@$..F @XP



@%E?(RRR5$V.7*3R2Z
(ULFI9&[BJP@/5A:




E8X9I ZS

M1







M:N/-Y]KXIR*_WUW



MN4PVGOR6M^G&Q*%$;6(UF7H75_%B5N3GH&@7VS&NUS2^LBPK7H\VN=_\:;.U





[+&0$KB.E9)V$%^7G6/;48WO
6(YMVQ%E$
M2P'&5/NI*T@G+!IK&#+%6RY J*'8 4-*^CIT:O;%=@?T(3X=:^PTIQIMSL





1&Y2SJ?3VEIM@UYP1EL


M)&9;U;?2WA?M@4/[4.7'[C ENISH+/X'4$L#!!0    ( 

?



B%
MZV?1?V5C03@


E?J9:EH64O2!'+Y61^U/ 1]C$^;!3KKLW)JI
M5IG9:YGCM !7*S1BG@8

M0 8



Q(1@\FY

Y^=L% U1F$P.[_W['CDF3<X\+K502\]P[=^;
'
_8O7@KMS]V3T51]?Y=


MXO5IR-)
M6*=.F6OG!(W+ NT-):


M


N



:L-E#ESF0&2&LH=!
MEIW:!&;=2%+*V 0]G.1J+ N$)IC1-@&#&$O
I08=7$(Q$SKSA% N.B[H3*AX


.BWDJH%A%P325FC#-HVZ67JT8YGK*XLL^ -


T%KO$$33-FX

YU3VKM.]

%/YE^4)E
GX-390^&X]\E9$I*3/V(BR:CD#
_T/#7ZX4T'AF?[
=XP:BDV;
MU!UB=SR<4?+IC,+M\[%<*0
BDTQ'/?K#@R?V'$



M



MX1 
6PAV'=+1*28=G6/T2DF'9UG$XXN,:8UHZ2CTUST4EAS-%9
NGHC!*.
FIR.\/7U;%0U5_#/'S=O\.
M?/^E*I_;]_N#PW\RN/H?4$L#!!0    ( ,N'4_U3W.QG 4  #0=   :


MYWJUJ4[&SW6]/9I
JOOGL
ZK+\4V;.)_'HMRG=?QM7R:5-LRY ^MT'HUT4GB

MZ?$V?PI_AOJO[6T9WR9[+0_+==A4RV(S*L/CR?A
'2T





I@^
M8LII099F% 



6
A

:
2

B9&T=B5AHR-+3G%&6\$C*3\BZG3&92Y')*7$Y=XG@S&6\F8\QD
M:*)F-.9$&82:



M
U7T?YK

M
M4 U
MFE*-21'/7FBZ@/_#)%H#+A4EB8C++.9M!H?YYD-(/S*!;S3E&Y
E.#+*-['U

M/DS=@H%)M1-X57.\2A+*\&IJ


MKADRMU**!#+7GR!S$

T$WKP#1ZPJ%2P)Q H
L9+].U!BC1L2H?F#0*S


MW%D*F7;9Q].NRPM%Q;P@U!6#BC7WN.CT8$8[)^5'H5@3F;H1*?'(+V)WL5&
M4





OX.S/IDC($7NX_Z%]C[]C+@3MX-/*/Z/Q0TWM*.NCY2?IG
WV#N9]/E
S-





<-II%2&GPZ_L6O6\:OZ;&6P0:(-@-!B2




M]!IDY0TLEN L!09O;2$8 BE2Z'#W1)![=(\_1HT^YO2-#4;  0+8F3*!E!9
MLJ0:;M$H^D 3T*I(]]4_%](^2YDKA6^#1!P'5@M0(-FYS9

M + @#)9R#%\++@7K$:@0=/;)XQRLU0+  84?@GIH4_Z/8F(T]#V%&-D[VS


'?

C4V'2CE1*CT

.S ): VFMA.V;U_;$)20296;8)LS
P%8X\-@T5?U^ \3YS??<\\%8?*F4&2)YV
SID:DWWG^!$6CI.B/]-S@!TW*31,]1<;MKU

M_[D

0LS


4Y  #1)8@\65080;
MA*A!B!C$
Q)
LYJ1#)K(:EJK\:/0\SP\RP+-LD#F27#)6JP?  &T\QA!LWR
M09@(S1+=S./?=8A1A_@!&DPSIXEO:.[$6*$Q5AB(CSLDJ$/R  BFF8,D-R?


]LHT8]T6PQD]=!3OQON'3)=@_@]02P
$%
M  @ RX(=3\

$AP

MWQ?S5;R.BDZVC3?PEV66KZ
2_ID_?5]L\SA:%*LX+M?I]_UN=_S].DHV?PIV


-6P3OHK+VG%G]__-__D_C

(AKF.UK4%




M9S3GJ?

?S&!YZ
M3.

3HKXWP=+.+'^@VKC_G-Y[]G7A^]2<C5F/N3K0O^90P/+.(Y]DZ#LKH

M@I0IXB,[@S8_CS:)GJU2?OXA(47;Q&4;Z!;S8Q[-UZEY)@D=L%TCJ/5W#I

:6P['LDAXF31C^ANV VWE<^TJ:-! N9<DN/Y-JHW*:QOP9HA?5-M


M@#=;E$#\B-











B?Y$X


7]Q=W5[=(


W(&\#=_2@


MW_WQ

Y&M@!V?#)/ML*74)WXBK*#Q!Q0S&XM


'&I-^$.Q^@JO00<[XT=XR\]P


MAKPB^)3@\NP?W@)#3LK
^PU.&?^P4;\$2K_-$7!G?P5RX#%:J7];ZF*\*NF%




M



'&+S0]_@I\)_@E?GI*@%;0='(D
MA6SQ+\!FDFBM-I?WK%D1@?M34(!ECA?
\EG\AZ@&QJ6

U:0MF!D8E(.2H%5
E_1:A?QD@)(CR\F%&&5
MDPUH*V$ 0KJ
S\K


F 9H 'E+T@.61%7=H3F
MBZ)]ER
SM!Y?F&_\1%H11JGY4^
?16+1MW[-=G#_8/?

M7BX-D+W
%@O4


MJE 1'#CA*O\Z


M* $B/U/\




M+2V':224I6'LI:!]L0EH*1YP4T=-A)LL+AQF&


M
;?

MN&AQ?#
FD9W'[$6!.TR3BX29^A]D$+9UFUM6;9QRSKVFJ/N(4Z@?(EL/^&W'

I_%7A#VP&PBH?XTWD_%U;9S-^=4[F/H



!5$&8
MXBMT-@M6M9:)1'TC9)H@E<G?*@%=E HT%3H%HD9\!'VQ^-T$8;5QN@PH%]!,
MAGR-%6;5<ZHF*6IE1[^ :RC%Y@$*'PP;[@K*
C]H+/BHLZ;F
8V981$ TA9
MNF^H8SXGA3R AZ





3%KH;7Z;
MY L/E&0NQN7/P4_ R/BV8.#8?OYR3=[?GS




)

M^=(*;^T;FM^?P;H.L'S+L7


MLV#Z\!-)W&(/QE]A%@GJFP5Z4U!902M^LTQW

M0Q;+WHUP'DC)SI(

U 2

H8WRIQ-]!N=$Q9EOFA;H*Q)G'U4MP/4;-;R(CR 6X)QXC0*&TM-9HO]4



ME&! )5R

M73D!. %X?4O^!JZTD!*WB;=*T_%=O4:W^MRY[P0?SL]OC?[$SH[FP9]CE$K&


:*N1O=5JYA#=&F %-F+(W5?ZESY-XB_6

 VD*2L*RV2)?&ZTIXZ

18(G5/BB&.5BRKF3$S


5


1*=9*\&Y

ME]L;G8V[H*:\%
&/.

MV
Y&IV34%L6Q-IA#N\H-V1G%/:+7=I:CMK1:;D!I(^NR._\)'ZC$5AP7M;

M1K5&_YS!X812EHLCFB14%0?2$E)&[


M/6M5TA(%4


M?H%-:7;(AJ/A3I6&K')3M46_@*L&%80\Q 4JM(&-$/-8Y^\AC6M$::/Y%$G
M$A==(79&0;V2=4VX#DJE-.1;?'(F(;T(B5E 4^$?4=R9.K#;=\(U3TC8F21


18
]2M)U8?XY=
G!R&U2AHM%8TP)0%I9BY


MP'T7[#5JQIF!)?1B2DCDV6$:[V0 PEN(TE/ ZO.;;-Z@Q[+HQP5._5S @+

A5U


M'RH $J6\BF+W2-@
C'TK+7IMN7J[HY*WS'FCE'?(9-/+NT:MLE^FZWZ
LFSI
M=5T7
_K6318BPN9;R!


Z



A=\\
KXO#]ZSV0H[;APT&)_U)2K.USEBE5&)B.H/1L2#%H55\:
MO )QRNPJ

MED7VJ%
:9 OMO^54$J8^LP#CQ#5
SY& -L-)-SN^@/FW&^I)84!(8CQ@.1;V





]+O'AEU^L5@'RWGV14Q-G)*
MR4@D_1(#CF1U8=(T_QO+ B-
&7'ZI N^$6PZTBY.3_1M_Z24W(C][Z +GPIA

[F1'J8WB;P;5/*27T4%.?D
M2!



]D$


M56X6ZA;1[K E/L [:68+8D*C\+CH













7%N42&HUVH NB.;56LJ7=L:4V%:




M3([(X]PD//'-

MB
DGE*XB5\CX-T6HS)&B8).V)ZH?R)YI5790C8

MZU=1DBDC



M*UUU@5%E

K
9X









@RQSL
M10=Z%*B ^

&/7=HYA0J4!VEQASN
B






Q?.0^J@/\USBP9FB
M4C%]]QCF3*1HI%D7#9=;41!TE_=@!-6SY3&D+NG+(=$J;O(Z8XG0R'K%#-




9-N3$.(UO?P2/\

V(&E''F?&M%*T*?0?T-[_U#6Q:NB@J

VW_'G8
M+YON6F2 YN0H,35]O,E$P2?X2(Q==%($G1.M4VH !OP[_EXW?].ER,G<#V,D
M_:F@OO,$;YH*[V0:4WL8((+-CJH.4/)PE,<J8((T9QT(),TIQE;;*9=/CV^2
M4!U*V)3SY3/SM)-+1U=YU<9!;=Q7QQU'#@^WD%R(RP(+5#2G:.T&86=KIQ8


:JZ.OP?%T129;=@4+S5CTY=:GU35Q?/% 'B



36V-.\UB%-]XTP?(:RSC(Q[ED^VZK7.-5

MC._\
?9/4V&Y#J'G@^/A\XUXKRIE-N*\


895Z5BYD4]-%[0WS5D





B:+V F84M*G3&M73MHY7)I'SGB17
M.L
3#HZUA#PN\\RFO-!A)2HG7$I^+T2I620+DF2JXK)IK4$57&W5=-U.1I?
M

\H# 4I[Z:%VRS




M1U0X3=-QP7.1Q\;6M(HVW-N0\ P1)2:L]=24U@
[;)=2446PSZ9U@1


I@\IMG2;MDME&M OOE'HC6R[$W3YQ-A&.;)
UMZWZMV/:



:HVV!CHZ3J:KK


M2^%AAND9)JB9W\[C=
K%C<H3407UF'0X\:I[ZH81N6]2AT]NNA6(\J;E$:#QR54'EKH


MVE:2:VZ^6CD)T_/- \TS5]&\7.BHI^W_FB9D7?&)IGJ^)2WTW99'?#!SM-K\


3O$/$MQ36WIN


^)3+ZHGQ



M..]!P]SGMM-:PZT2YZC!Q#LW7I[K=151!Z)[9 :&/!_RB!S-:EG[MY++GM




M\=(@3Q[N[RP%:GBMAW^%@5V442Z&*#5UW#/-06J.Q9M%-28WTQ[+)OZ(*+P:
MK7B'+VF^
'5W'

M 
RY4A;_K4A




M*N0;VN&##EQ5]RL/[



8S

M@

0*\-?R5*

M[78F

M!H[=5?_V/?[';K%W-3P:ZO6Z*@')B*







M
^_8SU^N$504_)P5*XX%HFD-I./]^?#\)-[E%W9W80B)H=1WA%\1BUC:\%Q(



MLPEK1:YJ1'LCA_H'53.WF%-J6E\^
*E]A:Q:
;LM28.V3R_E W9G87_4Y]#G
M9!H.O:K*[3J27O6.L9F@M?R\3;6_=VP29CSKF^3Z7CH3Q4X CR45IV(B]
MY(5)]XYMMMVWN56DY&[$66N^]LJ[:3?/1JII3T4SVE ;[_UTC[V( OBC!4_

M@B'8% ;?K#'4MP;^?*
R;@STR7=^HMF('3.9T18R(N958H5]R0=P8D)N#A7$

MO6D;!6G64KG[^U?@M Z3DL.JV3D[ATV9)M.@8+V.+)O$7=V/7K*&8?!^)RYU


U


Z77Y;#P9#:M)R-596)*DF<


M4M(LVOQA= KT.1Z
_[DTV&D
1XJN78C00(.)$A1:+ *71D9] C D[&H(&ZDM



M9(4-FMF $=O%Q 7OC^\M$_3&X6 Z#

MJ5O@.9








MOMA:+QZ(

MC:?E_&2+LV&\L2)UT.X*VA/S=K5D.;E!DR?!*Q^[H^1O4]-P3J#'%U-OP];O


M-



J_
M_DMO//@1#




!$BR^?_P^(I;[ECV7;^/(*0J&

S!=J7;'')W5U_<OE]</-'7KPM/O3HUW//_N#FZ3]X3UZ\U?P,%J1Y#L
M=\

.Q/)T%O
M- M'
XQJ#

[VQG


M2Z4

H
0$#..9:9FB\AA2['0S'


^G?7Q
MAVDXF$R#M[N$ ^C

M^H



%0Z]@-TO%!I/!&9EALCL


M
VX3K78V%^WS.=
S;CV]8Z_/'W5=!L/AONO2Z (_='%\O?QD$$[&$Y4#X
?#


M4QP88USV$






M.778;)!\=:S:99I&=OB?DW*^BC?_^B^]R?!'$V%WK%J5F[-ZAVU55%5:ZM[@



M
4BG211^=Y+]$7-6N9U:IV.*L%L2L


M*YI@_^
UI2^@V!R
9N&D3S&7*:+;9\'YOO%X)]T?BJ _Z(?#41?^.PL'_8&X
M5O5-]Y9]BB)T-AZ3= =Y/Z)R?1C JJJ$)\%P/(++VT/ACE&

T+J



MMD%.:=+3+/

MF59] P]
P7V1\?RM-\26[^&BX0%W%*S8J:0%3L(9%AV0Z+
DGY['WKA@*M!
MU!5XI\8-PBD'B5N!6P;^/9E.6GQN\N;X_6O65#?\-@P2;7=)NS7.LS!\V@]
M!.'O?!7H_?HA




MKE[1Q?_IX?_T\7\&^#_#X-)N;.

M#

3 -

N-]H;N$.TK
MW1]/AO+MT#5G
RJ'+HMJ&@R]K59?:9JBF8.)MYN&X)7$J=!VK3695
1B%PG[


3+N8?8OP..6I)?#!7!5Z



M;9'BFR8Q?FP=_=9

X?1YU


)I

F^_C-H2*

M*K[4A&S\DM$NJCM&Q&\;B4T:.V;*JXT;CC T[(?U(IX[5S9?MG$?V6C_0&.6

M$:O(8+%;?='T5::#M
&_04^5

L;'
%H;=J(A&7IO+HW;OGA


C=X4C7K-

MGL-\ '







MV

]6<:,^S,X4^V#?H5\<ZQ;+H'P6\,Y L83/J(FJ! #D=;


MV!C:6H&
V2&LK/EX]?;FSJ@.L(_ \(+30[)A&?AU;X:=P?2[.M=_TZQ4*JRE

90T$ED!&;/E??AN%Y
M9^Q *@:/93:XQ_



S78^2@1(!P_
FX&\!#TT%PVI]A3IE9/3R//=G1$3^$
M2X*5AX;8 *$[0U@1U8H?]
-9OV_+E+L)G +U=@FX?MKOPZ.$8!B$O1D6]J_.
MH!?VIM.@1^4\9C ;
X%3&'U 66[3



QT['*Q1]6W#!N

MRD&BHW='18E(


R38@G7A]D[ [


YW
M=.[O]T/EJY%D@:!&;B((31' +XDAIIR
M8
M(GE7)X6%<$W0-T$6'?:),WHJH.&9(V$$HR#_=)<6_+V4)C:3@^8
!C8TF4%

MI[ L87


M0!%=K^TM
[.]V GD^

3I5C
M_RH5!RX7IB)]



R$0[ :KB7@JG_:?) EY7*!&#T^

1FI9V*IRL[OJMF_QR

M


!+_4T3?JY4

MGB29N[H

'7-Q\M!_=/J.9(/H%/A?UA7X5 ZJI5P5#EBMI'XIBU)6I


).(O?EJ9=;R(A/)PI9.TKMKOKLV$:.\0FE
2:!3

_;0P%+HI!#($I?\


M3]+-F3*!YK&I.

MUWO12%X'S* $441$
=87[^@:


O%
MZSE(1CX(K673G8O+


MI7:!930G4SB#EK(:4:K[C;^D+

ITO5R+W6_AC5YA*\+JX@TUUK9//FU'

E!R#I;,%V\NQF]K&ZEG
MNQ+)P02X*L^'RMVMHYTEQ2 (I1

MBD4S-

Z^'7X#8WVBU]
MJ4KE0F!_%^VQ*'8V3/@(-_ W4$GC^6\FWK.U@]E
+
YS'Q'$MP#UE0@52T#@
M1IHB%5+O X&T4A*$!N(H!A:Q-C4M;(8 AS7)IL[XOV(_O\W$T_6.DKZRG*5@

8;RS
XN66IH\?F%.P;VEWQ!UEI=+ZW




M

LKI#7(16WLT6




M







.67
M1:UWZD(@)C3&SI$XGV/#NRVE5MID89)K6!R;R['*GTUL22X;3; CMY*_84[5




MVZO!H-)^$4]:#3QR7N:\=A!JHX_8.^Q 23 ZLN%[DXE=U5WK85)_P]X4 Y#]

F)!60[=6[AO'_$?R
M!@RV\^'^SF([/WB
A%38R1D1R
MBX;




92Y161/Y1[NY&U\22
MU-7\;DXX3:]ZX]#8_-DTJ@[Z Y O -4HT;+)0:6

SB[8
M=)



1U0*\Y*::<*PK1.X
PB=AJ6=4S+/




(QXRR&1C%FHT[+O-1 R(:#\7LH^X%JJ#T

9 1LL

:R(/F1J\XH#9/EH;#JO[?!'49V4S^EBW$VSKTWH=QY%



.G47^D
W0/3

MK[S)]P

MJV($%
XU#ZA0JB6DY])]JK

BR.4%W9_+-!$\FK5$5'X;[O
MW 6OQDTOH7W$_#*Q@N_4N6'458)7D8B


M4SS.SB['UFHD&0*IR[[PQ3/4R_E1& DF)\U=[P![:X/QSG0@B;72
Q*I5#*

4.?2XXTE!Y1J ,W&!48!92]Z;,I.Q9^E0'R3=ST^,'N'EC.;LXNC#<[5
MF6UL;CVK1E-.(8.?0+VV;HH8VN*N::RD4SE3.NEV#I*0-&#81
5:H!7X03U




_RX#PH?:FD =9 %'B7?:)Z27'&O$L'



X/T+Q5EH97-T$SO243?% 6


MVPP6F? %=1E-RA%B?/L7KA2B\W..92:MRC#%P LZL;^;(W$@_;?
\G]2^F^6

M

RWZ*/L$P86.+E==T


*Q!#9N4Q=%R9







Y978YY%/
MZ:$V KUVMT(H2T:]G\T7V_LXY$QD-.2L&^S0A/_)
B3K 4PU/^;-.V-[].RL


5M= /B('1O&


DP



I]L[
 A]

MF!7JV]Z__X7)J?FO04[3J?F_)Y$3MJ





\\;4(Q;VP]3YK[
MUJM@G6]$W: D%#N 4CEZZ9.Z-9



M3!G




\BH)L[T'@^2MV^T)




M2?Y

\8&T686O9E)G


W.=P2&]6X
M 
8:TY:X J?1RU7^_

+ANQ1[+D B\R


M#.!*SQ177 GFKXY=@$Y@5L.T&9(F'[9MS'L

5UI
'M5#0XW%B)[KWA7RA[5;V==6

M$=59K33X 





%+^25=)U^#M^@
MW


7
MUN%M+(!7B=_VYR6VGQE549M]PB7-(M@=WD



;_
;^\PW84ZRO VLEX6;J([I3S3

MT4@K^KOQG&)71H


MF ^Y&ZY[V=XR0:+=O9RUIC6S%0O*18S1*M=VW:1?W%*9CX#)GER!-N1RDF56

IF7AI





MQYJ'@MN5DAEIC1%K=/#D+K9WF+LND\2_PZUHM_CO)2+H*
LD GKD7SJY6CTL
M'&O(7*XI'$ 1W-D6Z&:-05CD4]LEIC\ XP++Z(8;6B_:*VJ)A7X$5X)UM4*)



M4O\XRHG\1%4MIH'


M.A?+_(-/VW5
]94IBZ

UJ

E*2Z#1??=
MO0G%2EZ



M46Z






.IUZV-J+9

N@BPF
M#%[($I]^T!1)6$L%TVGFMHVF&



M\Y_A#]LUC)PFS^%[
TY_(\*PX)8G'& '%O[;$BXC62' !U%MZ.Q3IZCNFW+L



M-KE8K*[P79@;L)&K3OIY?-'5J_ ]JK
;G'+0^6H$OY(\=E5$85@60E6OI6S-





MY\=@[GD!8R.68U.G148-1


IQD
*5I@_@L)Y
2?JH(

J_4/#H7J'XR[+





AU/IGA(
MJ$I
C[FO=0QD

H-GGA
YN+FH'A



/GR(\#:'0OZVD];5^#

9NOPJ@W9K['-9C





M8_)SNP$FN-S[Y)[=&H_&/)/Q*!OS+W+9*/@I)V1:\R%:2WS\H1 
?Z$V TX*


1FB.N\
MRN%D IR^

*6/04J2'P\VUT7L
WJ.ZRD?@L.'MJBSV4C






$M.
L)HJ


I(!
L*4YH
MROKO=7(LLCI

MQL]K\ #A!R;'C


%$096QC0\VKWUJ$#TP-
MN





S-5AVW:Q/4

MAER413

$FV]RJAAY]B1X==#

M



M%0%_HAOJ5B-

;*-D9*@QUXBAKIK7NY:FI
;'8U5%
QL?/6'BV3[V\@:N_UZX:B4
M85(EF4'C$[#U]C54AC9#VM (88P$#TK%4\AAR^S#U*N;]XJ+$4XKRO?,VCW
M_R=$GH#A$,&LM5GL_DU


\_1#





X&M PV'L&1X%[0
M7I-33WWV#AM1EC#H!FMD*MLMG @W,H;0YKJ081I7:V1%]PV9IVW\3ASN1$
M?:KG2^(/]'@XI8AY7O9+83'++:7:3);;[\8]S&L:]Z1IY$^00!;.D)-IYU

$37O-95%;4)WK=%Y^'+KX7!@6OYT8$HP1T
MSH6-*YBZ=8+2=17GVDF-,S#;3ES(MC.W$VLW Y]G02L?17I&#;12N&*D-(G


M@L:$\ML!H\H\)_0M5 

W(@)&S(ES?PG09/;]X
MGM3C.DT
W1-??&Y'H OZW&(IC)(/W$(VNDR0(F#273XJ# *4V.NNY_&& R!+


MF=_=&11KN

;#W8SOGWL/@R

MC%




M#B(O7F
A)Q;Q=
B$ETQ]N.U+H;J']0J3?@2M
!;\8GMX9[UWO$'U6\+K
D%G


_MK!@'/2Y=TUZ4-R\<*


M:K-8W;-#AE /Y\LSLIXH4+) D'1/D7+=VPCA^IZ35
P


RP33


-&W_F*2TZ9X\]0XB(U

H%@#-GL8RY]B(V

MM-O.T.
&#0MDRIIY.$M9?$4SKWQ

MU



)FE8:YP4^6?\NIS)GZS *



M/@QKH-OY$Y1[VMVL*

M
C2


M6Z*71%CCQKAM.QN4)%%[G?88[,_J$GW9+3U;E#0#A5@ND8P06[R:*/
DZN







DCBO26-7 (X
M U9*[& ]TI:

20/BZ4B#532.W(
P47&JX7[MN3&A!2]LR=&G2LY
6.^


B



MO KT'JDX!BH23;R5CA*7JDU;'16E+*7URB*K]F;N5X]4CJDU'-P[-5$_.+A
M'1V_,$$YXR+[LEX]8$=-!H%XZ%#10U)#_O[%.8&NVCNX0(O4!8C@(3,5B;4(
M@5Q[W+


^V?%$[DT$









YUSX9!9W-PV2$FW*
M;



6-U







*[GA'L.T=P01=*X71L)06<0N==W(N@<I(T5#

]:$=




T^R
L%F(NE&=RA0Z&[1+/ P9V


M

_!];HT:9)'Z9
MOEW=Y8J*)US


MJB*';*ENPL'$.)/?*)YNHN376!G\
\98Z9*Y![WFZFXMB[
#N 1WNR_:;XST
MU)I



IFI:C%/D4:FT
M :

M9
\1IH4/[X/ZER'-F:(KV@^Y

M$$7Q/+EQYVT0!2&
+DY%?JXPN@[BTD

(@/1FF PD[]


MQC)B 7& &TQ+U;FHL2'Q93B!2UL[




V[\ET?M\&:3)SBTN
MH.;0JB1D&4M2C4)O.

MF[1

MUB
U-7U#&. 2L?V S8Y1&3KBT9W-0KD9YIRAK[;B@)D!?Z!H0_B.1/1
DNJ9



MZS6

M^US#+IJX


L5*(XXXTS)SQ7[Z&A.V'))

I
FKLVQ\^J.'

M$@RL%N




TF]U1:5[

MU#!LJV0

-P+LH$[:G:LJPG2B'+4<+/D
IJE]
):FR1=Z0VS_M(N!1QO

.8;@F
1I2F 04&IABWY5DIM
M4N/O@1=NG?YD@(00AINR?T4:=X3@:(D'6UH@0O3

MI61WR9%9


MFX.$H*
TM




MZA@P






M5&4ZAFD
[ 18S=4X2X!--M.2#9\ +!
^F.9UF1196H%.@UKJ_=HE-E'O$A2W

+?XG#I0713J%P\W+*JWS




M7ZOVY+W\T]9Q^#2&5A*48@V@P@Z*5]
H=74]E$L58'\
0K -W
G0:;:S(B9


M(?^$3H@/J/K V=]W\Z5S1IH^



/AY+YT3;^

M)Q]UYY^48AQG\^69-49:W1 AR4K0IAK0JBJPM*9X3XJZA V8X$]3(*4\D.S[


42





M;_B0ZO;
TNK%L?6P3A##&@-OQ/2W=ZOEF6L@$PSW8]^4YJ9RR_:6=&?D_F#9
M@Q)
ZEF#=OL4M9CA\=[W;/$-Z(DYZ-UC^.\43)AW,^:8+UEGZ DF-8U2D0
M6Q5Y1U')ZVLV8&S5%=!@AC(J&X/-
K%Z,L:S9%(-XGAY4:O&#H@D$U@X\U




P!2=C_B&;3MCY7M;!28MOZ*7V#?%U


L91)!=O=)*\$

MB:5PPP\@_KYWC-[^F7V$/(CQ %'ADHLXHS2BWYZ]Y3STUZZJ*1:$OO(^='#P
M-^:N-$0GA$J(0188"Q*$6,IR8I\@*KVDE)YM-$^@L8&UOOLI,2LQ0XVG:
MLJK@GTM0U9LL
8V+FIR\W%
&DB_'\


M

+L+S&&5')EG)4$_:(D._O$4M0D*M('R
M/(4+9&(\;@(G.1P4Z


(R(A 4S/OW!4J5




ME\7JDHKTK7WZ9O5 ;



M?

P6^#J


898V^005G]+87?!64R5



M:&

M5B&$:):SB\^A'+?X*
CKA-

MN&\]AB_J#F?G'Y)'[Z7Q*5YS%
K
@=3V*MHR-KRY/T9E60\AD.VYL+9.Q$.9









 MEXQ0CZ^







K3N?^TU[O2?[(X%;?TCWSA_9K?LC3_%U[(5](E
M

ML\E*R


MB*@*(JJGDE

X11#K]/B(=7AX*\AC/P-6N#\W8UL'MJBZIR
M
KC)&N44G8L8^IYP



B['A&
=2VEF

M#6:25TF.)6P@.YZOUG)F-2TFHP! 
:=CIM*!MC4E+N A4E(?Q%+AFRF+/)


R C09%@'BD/U#L==EG
#R&@6OFO=
ML.2Q63@M._L77K97]/LJG
? -&)T9L-AS^!!5&HHLGN\[QT+




M1P?25[.7OAZ#QX[C#R ,4Z+(\C#YA:[%9@U?POE-(=13I7618Z$4X&8^@F

.(QF8N;@^(Q*<(5Q.5"!@6ZVO:_3[G9LHR&ZGV
MVACIMGI8GBW:2S#4KF[FBT6':)PPVAJ]$0:KQ<=@Z.W1KLQT_'P\A'/'U.@


M1HM!ZE0!\?)Q;*]^@VL]E#RJV.8''ZR:!8OE ^A3!


MGGY

MX6

R%\$;#'$*;#G$ !EZKFR$4]!JE4

M

86-;;$M?^

MN$+KU99BF3AKC/J^Y6Z&


1VBM
V0XE!L$
1@['(W*1 ]D?CAY_P'5T5T?2\.F[])_L*(!X&
IR




MU\1_? V/IT@T^+OV2S!XEH_&XZ */\MBOV7OU'^ 18X-&\T*AYZZX
#=T&/9
M./J))Y_GAP\O71.KZV['U36Y%?^QHXG3

OA0CFN.#R-



5?Q8R95
Q_X(UU@L








5G


3E(0P
M5(U/!\30[A


MBD8/AHAN

:/G.&.;M7\VBEZ1L8


MV?*!]I?!-A\Q:M#S
RYFAUI^Q@SE7J_/IVW[-WGE=F)0[#1J_MKWO:^=1U3W

M?$-/TF#K#VY(.N#JW-.1-

_*ALT9$1Z


M REA\ZNA?*6_HA
+KN4U7LWMP1SID&T:3JES$'28]K




MY/3'U*='(:WKF=%;Z/SYN+O
UZ1;W6VH+AFV4KK
[HL^G9*9COS$]@O^:L0[

8Z

HPT(?ABY:;[T;%[#!'UAS.Q8T&T*\NZ)H@U
M






MBFG_
VO6/*!-E
M+V(NCS2S)Z?[C*;\[N/5-7@%

O-A3=NT.X?+CH[






D







M=D@L0^WK^1!Q5ZM#&6;=\\O_+8P$^C)?Y;A&8

BN*J!I_7+_

'7C






M4 M8)4L7-9TN5XMUSY+%B88@2+%CL-&C;:




7PD'^'+*C
KUSH3NX



=?12ACM##J2Y:T76W#5B@
ME%H/NQ;
M46S9%NCBR7+F]'7V)GVR299O29=U9-U(OL1'Y^C\ST^6;)\$I5I3?)=CK$#-

YV\F4S<^].K;?])$SB%P&I\
M3$+HS=]Y\]%S]S=NCJV)3U[1OKQQP[@/O!+XOD.V99ZW1 6XGGOT]TQZE/
M%G-ADIUV0Z(@%7S8ERFT#JV.& 8K1$-XC2A92F*R4L0(75NW;QRQH$(I0^$
MKNX93_E@PYX=F;/2ZC#A6QJVPKV=]E.WPIT(P-(*.T!?6@=45 @I;#D-WK0

MI0331D)0)CAJ&+J

MV[-@%*N#LB%) ]:SQR56#NPA&%I2+QV/-=HF*!:]4=ISK=E]D_0N:7OL\9

&ULQ9Q=



M




;!*SZ^1J7].O
M&FN;&]?
^&C((3&S1):F;&HE/LAOP3N2(&
DS
880JIM4ZV5;7\9WH[NUF=#


OM7QMMX^L'-F?C:;&YA-M
M]S:L:.2,A-D9K[6AO$G+BDJN[6R_Y_U+R98HUWYCF"-).P92EUKKS#/!PUO
M%*&'98G$DC+9:&N*4;=PUE]U0\/I7-

A01Y)F#WR

Y9LKL
MF*

VN\IDLST\7*5.[0G/AMRRW3


QT3:F;'G. AS[F

C-D] ^;+AYA6K37MWOB*S)%

M26B'*OTOV?66@I!@


MH6=SH0)
9*&
V4(/

6\+C]OE3B')D
MH7R4@: ?KY*/B2R4/\90T$^8%)#T=5\%E9XC^7,%L(C5GZ$E


X]RPV6II]DY






%L/FG

XT% @*
Z?Z0 SON?O6


YK/OI?M&][KI?Q^%EW/3]





MM]?K[4%OK]




MRCHMVCI8UVG0US%4V#$-&CN&*CNF06?'4&G'-&CM&*KMF :]'4/%'=.@N6.H
MNF
:='?


MGS\FB6OV9M NGF8SALIVLH/VX=3NDEDW![TSB4Q3E333Z
WHU_[4([J]^6RV

7D8VU=-U\\-8VOZ98W;=[/[$!9$JR_'T
6%


MS2BR9A19

M%%D5159%D5519%44615%5D6155%D51192XJL)476DB)K29&UI
A:4F0M*;*6
M%%E+BJPE1=:*(FM%D;6BR%I19*THLE8462N*K!5%UHHB:T61M:;(6E-DK2FR

M78[QH+OQ7U%^3M/A97ZR_/_X]C=02P$% ,4     #*@AU/'R// \     3
M @  P              @ $     7W)E;',O+G)E;'-02P$% 

O87!P
M+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 
J'4^]D@:-[P   L   1              


M A0#%     @ RH(=3R=R2@2X @  S H  !@              ( !^ @  'AL



&]7P





4     #*@AU/[B/C;$!  #2 P


  !D              ( !E2L  'AL


YX;6Q02P$% 


M3R&(7MNU 0  T@

O


M        @ % 

M   ( 



M

  !D




N'4]%ZBNM $  -(#   9





M*FJT 0  T@


M970R-2YX;6Q02P$% ,4     #+@AU/ /A=[;4!  #2 P  &0
M    @ %

M 







S

M  @ RX(=3ZD@GP2W 0  T@

M:&5E='

  !X
M;]W;W)K<VAE971S+W-H965T





X+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 




4     #+@AU/]4!

M=#0T+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 

4     #+@AU/W95.-.,!  Z!   &0

M Q0    ( 
N'4^9KR8R0$  #@$   9                ;QV  !X;]W

4     #+@AU/FDY5@WT  -@  &0              @ $E


4






4     #+@AU/QG+&M?@  -#   &0              @ %H0



  (@-   9





M             ( !F\








M:&5E='



M
BYX;6Q02P$% ,4     #+@AU/;/_J^)(#  !\$   &0







M4$L! A0#%     @ RX(=3U







M Q0    ( 





4


N'4\QA+#H[08  TG   9

M A0#%     @ RX(=3Q@8MCWS P  W1$  !H              ( !^AH! 'AL





M






M

_PX.6]   /;@# !0







end








// Edgar(tm) Renderer was created by staff of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.  Data and content created by government employees within the scope of their employment are not subject to domestic copyright protection. 17 U.S.C. 105.
var Show={};Show.LastAR=null
Show.showAR=function(a
r
w){if(Show.LastAR)Show.hideAR();var e=a;while(e&&e.nodeName!='TABLE')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e||e.nodeName!='TABLE'){var ref=((window)?w.document:document).getElementById(r);if(ref){e=ref.cloneNode(!0);
e.removeAttribute('id');a.parentNode.appendChild(e)}}
if(e)e.style.display='block';Show.LastAR=e};Show.hideAR=function(){Show.LastAR.style.display='none'};Show.toggleNext=function(a){var e=a;while(e.nodeName!='DIV')e=e.nextSibling;if(!e.style){}else if(!e.style.display){}else{var d
p_;if(e.style.display=='none'){d='block';p='-'}else{d='none';p='+'}
e.style.display=d;if(a.textContent){a.textContent=p+a.textContent.substring(1)}else{a.innerText=p+a.innerText.substring(1)}}}








/* Updated 2009-11-04 */
/* v2.2.0.24 */
/* DefRef Styles */
..report table.authRefData{
	background-color: #def;
	border: 2px solid #2F4497;
	font-size: 1em;
	position: absolute;
}
..report table.authRefData a {
	display: block;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report table.authRefData p {
	margin-top: 0px;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide {
	background-color: #2F4497;
	padding: 1px 3px 0px 0px;
	text-align: right;
}
..report table.authRefData .hide a:hover {
	background-color: #2F4497;
}
..report table.authRefData .body {
	height: 150px;
	overflow: auto;
	width: 400px;
}
..report table.authRefData table{
	font-size: 1em;
}
/* Report Styles */
..pl a
 .pl a:visited {
	color: black;
	text-decoration: none;
}
/* table */
..report {
	background-color: white;
	border: 2px solid #acf;
	clear: both;
	color: black;
	font: normal 8pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	margin-bottom: 2em;
}
..report hr {
	border: 1px solid #acf;
}
/* Top labels */
..report th {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
	text-align: center;
}
..report th.void	{
	background-color: transparent;
	color: #000000;
	font: bold 10pt Helvetica
 Arial
 san-serif;
	text-align: left;
}
..report .pl {
	text-align: left;
	vertical-align: top;
	white-space: normal;
	width: 200px;
	white-space: normal; /* word-wrap: break-word; */
}
..report td.pl a.a {
	cursor: pointer;
	display: block;
	width: 200px;
	overflow: hidden;
}
..report td.pl div.a {
	width: 200px;
}
..report td.pl a:hover {
	background-color: #ffc;
}
/* Header rows... */
..report tr.rh {
	background-color: #acf;
	color: black;
	font-weight: bold;
}
/* Calendars... */
..report .rc {
	background-color: #f0f0f0;
}
/* Even rows... */
..report .re
 .report .reu {
	background-color: #def;
}
..report .reu td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
/* Odd rows... */
..report .ro
 .report .rou {
	background-color: white;
}
..report .rou td {
	border-bottom: 1px solid black;
}
..report .rou table td
 .report .reu table td {
	border-bottom: 0px solid black;
}
/* styles for footnote marker */
..report .fn {
	white-space: nowrap;
}
/* styles for numeric types */
..report .num
 .report .nump {
	text-align: right;
	white-space: nowrap;
}
..report .nump {
	padding-left: 2em;
}
..report .nump {
	padding: 0px 0.4em 0px 2em;
}
/* styles for text types */
..report .text {
	text-align: left;
	white-space: normal;
}
..report .text .big {
	margin-bottom: 1em;
	width: 17em;
}
..report .text .more {
	display: none;
}
..report .text .note {
	font-style: italic;
	font-weight: bold;
}
..report .text .small {
	width: 10em;
}
..report sup {
	font-style: italic;
}
..report .outerFootnotes {
	font-size: 1em;
}











  

  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      


      
      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      

 Plant and Equipment

      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      
      


      
      
      
      
      



    
    
    
    
    
    



    
    
    
    

  
  










begin 644 0000910406-19-000077-xbrl.zip
M4$L#!!0    ( 
N'4\G-J$[V+T )_L+  1    :&%I;BTR
#$Y
#8S


M[7R_?FX@T 9H2RU(HM]Y+EM$0-Q]B1LW_O+_OC\.?GB.TBQ.AO_U!O^(WOP0

&H6C
MJ/_#MWCT\

_^E'VYP]W:?+XPS^2]

MNU[@.



MK&F*?58W*6V8D-8



+BF-4O:51+BV.:7[+N!0V3&Y@^
MKF-Y< $8P;+1$Z$_%2/*8.H0?KA0<W[X=<&;K1/ZB;$PS]7K
8^_AIF43E\
M&



M


A@VA1CYH[HI3TUH?:K%Z[AA

.5$_/'JZ;6V*B%N76F:O*P

YZ#U$_B6_NHOXP&37(


'C9






%K^?],+5NN9N1&;O*A9;<R-*/^_Z46K7[+Z!4V^
M;JU[.XJ;BCG*)W63&GR%41U-Q]E-L2M8,VON8?W4^[NUJAXT#RE7C+F'JZ8
D<00;]C9WQ/2!MQ-6&840&ZNB%D^LKB
MR<Z@!^]R+FD[V.H&$U A^P:;M1SL)4;?#]BJ]6K?8/M3< ^!U4HMU.%:L^J
M


M\?/2*Y



M

7.(+2%ZY_I?


GKY- #+Y0S[%GM/
(S'
J0\YSIF9+!T! _P[



+2\_
5@7D
[TD$#G(
F.QUB0WDG3-G



MZ@PO


GH@H$N&+ANW^/



M\#X8=R/$=CR\#QZ^+(U[:L;M-.YA_8.+U;BG=A4ZC7LT'C[C@XIMY-SN'.2!


Z@;C&\3VJ[R6SB-
M.N5













1Q;5PCS)][8E\/L7KXUM







M9BBOQ(@?4)]LPVWVGN?D[A\)8/R\F.PHRFC/3%]!]A4IPKG

0QM/_Z


J[P!WB]Q==(8=WI=XW)[)

.N8
M_ZC
7X/T*_% ]JWY;0]!N^]SG?L)3=!?GR*MR:D!5L\ZIS:__BO1#CLD7L[?


M JW\:[1$9^@O7$_LG(;J[


M.SXX'WN]I2+OR-I^Q;V#&]8=(3H?UTMUARBZ0Q0MX

^^]LK=HTF1& VBKV+=4=E#68*'..UO2)/I










M9PQ+
\GC4S*
RLM]RU%.KS=^' ]LMOE#-'H+KLO[)

(L/D_4?_=
M\#F:^
HEWJ^ Q=:#?T7LI#HM=FU:[-1!Z3ZT6&V\?^F
M0+H3F-UK--NUFF#




MKTCS;

@'/K?GX X$3@)

/[M]$0U/H@/W3V& _C
M;&25_'-4(//

M:I\V^$$[
%&G?4ZM?4[-..\FC#/;M_@6IOW*W3?VK&L:]T91_W:4]/X\+ZY8



M?;5;A4O


MTZY ^-1
V293^:[;+.XVB\_
U5Q4ZO.IH8




M!U+;JC
PNMC[B
M[G47NK?/+]@@R]0%^M<4Z!^Y3&[+\Q;.L'_QQ17U@%Z'.K+:B.9AD5%/ T0

X*+BG'@E']A:/J(R(C4X.5%/1)6ZZQ$VC



MJ6N4N.JVVIP7:B7T=MSK19G%N




:@*=;!%.(CY2&
MV7_5M/B==/0_$_J#]*

%O[@G./U[.!A'[LOTK[\JFWZ

L'T//@@-+D;P;QS E9 7+' @4^R/6Q .E88 $?


C+
M9K*'^&F!)4R8/02#Y%LQ;BE^+7[UHBR^'\XJELK''Y)AOW@4G4FA9
D7NZ%M


MI_)W[(SOL5Q)_]NH-T[A691=%/V;P3H:_9&ZP7)S^B\
WQ/]B_IT?4/$2B9P
MPW0XAZD+H'\M1

_1]&X4/68+



M(+KHG



!R9
HXL@=A6@*Y+LC4*JCN27%%YM
MI


M?R



M JBV$T!U &<Z*K.O3M84OGT.G9BN?=^NKOMK'#4@]G[35*?W(.9F.79#<1Q


.[;RZ%K

.;N 88<8\Z(#AA9L
M


-!LDW2^H



A0A*!7%\(PFC@L

09W
M3W'6P?_C








M^N^R; R1WOIE((\RXVA@2N










@JL


M1TG^I/@A2-*H%V:C)42NH



M\MA&G4RTAP*-C

MNA0.T;7&C5Y1!9D;



F!7*5\X 0^PP$HBALH*




P4

M37*:


M(



$0;YR



4[R?..2QM.Q?*-MV35'':+!#PY4@'61.10

M]NX)BPVI-&4 _^XNZMG*K GROH3?/P/Z/MMS!K;X+7_GVT'R-9SK/_(^^0;C
M;
L

BY6'7P7Z1E!
&?JYKWX%^G*%D;^L^!B:J


M%&KJ87DIG(0
M(1*L@^V[&6!?:E$6



%62U##U*V%^
M?!HD+U%T&Z7/L?4*PS1RP\R6 C[:@L;\C3#=C8;1G5U-(21I\FCK]=.X-XKZ


MZ(E*
9=HW3_01\6GVC\^@5F-P=1@Z5+PQGW*=6%?N*L]MR831OG%X%/O'Y^!

H
XFL6.9WRZTF
MP468A)QODZ3_+1X
-DFUV]/U=S$L.
I#T.5WNB^_A?].TCP'L
!_7]*PG^-N





M/TQYYAG\


MV3E1033%*EK



=NJ75-<U<9QK/[8GW%;=^XO +5.NJQ#V'(69#JB'1'D4
MR&-
:K


M+DT&@[((JRBRRDJ'V>D_QL/\!G4K5&63Q^VZ

 A




MMX?LZTH=0(\:B
L
\272+E5

M[H.LHZ!
'V/DJXI $


M!T_B:J
'</CQ*8^6


MX%!P
2?@IT%
Z^AR@)-D ;*'\@)/*ZHT8X+ZI#SYYL65&\)EDJKCC'/Y+F
M*]=W @$NL&3&$P0%9?T/\WG JJ&%1FV3F$H-W=SGO[[
ALQ_WAD.027F;\T'


2DOXU
M'!*V.[YWN
A+VRJ4U=12]C(^!^(12:CC@



M4?I+
M4::/%:&2*5 W]OY ZEFMCQV7$



MCA8(_LEX[B-CZKO85#0S5;PC;QUY22O)*PWR(=K!MKD' TG6/G%S\C)[%RZM







MG)?&KT7=PH)?#W]1(?#Q;H+Q MO-^\[K/)D6L/=\349^]I%K:7R?VF.J&NFB


M2#L*



:6I


E

M&

MR.K=%C?$NG%L;[!-&U5^N/^NZ$)GV)P&[844#:F#*J'(8X
1ZHE[*+C\-D
M]18^C)G6BS4+^0G=:Z$M^V X$C'F9IXB2RG/M;  2U%U%#%7A
OMU_KO



?46I
M0


!CRM%@D
&BE$4?W%?5JZ8/C[4O28.U
MJL^:?8X %UD\*N_$G23#[&5$]\/\+2L[CS27GB.P2NX.0HIG]@*UK*+'-\
MD*%EQ&C!&Y7M02!J _:V9
R&E:WK0L8P1 E&



MR0[C1H&[@)5CP
4
F.%%
U)C8\]*(]?VD\+N_=S=1;V1O0)N3U%N0+3RF)+


M07Y=Y7Q?_/)BKW7]&IEP?



$1-N/IWVI


 :;5=Z:QSVI


^$!7K#5/F#/.!4X4-/6^$P$

M;9BDEFN3MEG;'H%:624A7


M'-['
-3)LJCNSL*UM]'XRN7(5;YQ%; 9L%QY+$]0+:N7;X#SL 3)R@6]9NEK


MU
4!1N71(D_BNH
Q]Y<KA/@^HDHY;.$4,PES7
MJ:$%)F=)BN7++%HI&IH0QHDUQ0$XI[YG1'D%,S&!ZY,:<N2G03IZ[%\T0 )L
MR@OY2 ?@]('AI47J]P_;^&6RNGYKK.DQ/*QQR-0 M[PF PWH0(X$C2P%:$




+O=

1]Z0C$=?&QR7(E,VL^-!S67S6$N:A98LX[=
M%SO5]-
)[LOTK[_&46H;-;^\CYZCP8)AF(YY-P1MG.4#UG4H0
;V[P(ERI O
M?3 9RK2230S*]LWDJ-SPE\LBZ8



ILGXJ5Y9V5J1Z<[:V\@V
M*WIZB'M%)4F^+9*^_.NM.\6 &P[L[LGM0Q35[\1]2B/P'/OECILS+$[^3ER


M35[*X8$


LR-2RK
M)R3SAD/'0:X)LP=P3NQ_K
/X#%Z-/0PV
F&:OL#[&ZX(79GBDY[O*NXY#J+4
MDQYF9?@HC
V35K.C@B^UQ=EH57L 8Y5AY2X!G:.43Y!RG,CQ=@&(4
K8!!




MX)



M9( 5 RD/#[WZ\'.*52]*K;6SX]U%ODN+:4!Z:%X$% E=W718[GB7*[R*
4
M5[L':4WWR!;;P-429*Z2

M=C51X*.#?\JYL173S.5T&MGH:JW-6:-Q_CNSK\.

R][0+CV;.U^6;*/&,2'%=Q*
MRI8J)$^+V_R*K7[4=U_^R)X41 /PV$/ICJ]4?R<'S?91&]NTJX9NY3Z#O*D

Y X). 
O9RI_0DK?JZ1)

S@)I;.]?HX@&PXT\


79G9X&(


M4('-Z]EYV2NQ#@ZID=16N1-BM-%

%SDWH%O!- C@3KFJNBENJD(;+B

!CSPN*_+/GPT

M[LJN 0846HGOP21RH:LB\YT\*0H)8RBBUUE][S:@_'B

@KP%VY
M76/L?0% 'ZZ$I*[V@U(?NMS109T^!

(2CWJ


M=X=OD- SQ \@5)!((%O KMV E=V]











.UG?SSUPU$$

SXN *M;;EM\CD:@0Z-^

M

4W04\2-QFR1JI


4C



64!;7_%#XJ,,V91I[+])T(LF:
H%T.\B EP6K/^8OG]XOU[,FW?7T_NZ
MZ^%)N/@=Q8H_OEE^8.V[GI+WN/HZG5^[]^6EZWJRG%1?((\O?H9[.^^ZSVL^
M5C_L,4.??U1ZF,^N%F*[^E3^9JP!, 1F=6 NV\192@Y7$Y<02Y;ZJ\@/Q_2

S3-FG5Z\GG\I_CC_S/YO,MV<6 &5(P0JG$CN]GD%8LVB;KM$
ZJC@(O![0<2T;Q[/WUX
M7SJRD?O[A[**J3%8I(?NCU7^OA,7MZ#RR&$&+V,NJ;1NE0;B!(U1I(W)'$




9*2
W*8T(+2*TMF2T*E:D5$JL+: J#X
M^OVY%]CE3%E372807#.O [.VSIX;CT338GF%935ZZ?B95E-.Y6*



:D'VA:'K7]8P06XMO^0+
M),@34;Y8HDO_7J9'!^=987%3)I@$Q/DM)RR==<)J= &O+/QZ[I&TW'TCSWS
M. 

70M2



MIG3?UI=H31&1:W3%:#W



;QVC 6HV!A
^;:^R@R..( S


M&X_



+1.]\^MM#L=WE\R4 ^+F[FKV];2%Q=]G54# !

?8

M[=[EJ!L??Q$^VCQ[#1NZ@(E9SD-23H6O9!]?X+-F?S_P#7 2R0B;B:3IJY
MGIUV5@6'40+WWDJ=
@8O:R%*9@H1FZ $*7A9$_GG7[\[66-(:#X$CH:#$SY%


M17^^Z?J\P2V[' X[7

MS$W-6BK+UQWJOFS






MS(PPJUQ
P
!1WJBIEB[QK$V!_\,9N11'GUP2*#H+#66V4@:1&2 ZSH:U9M


SQ6O#KU=&1F+SWX

M1RE5!BL#8QEKZW[0B3=)_9]?O\;L3 &X-E8+*[6
TCHBH



M[F:Y
?3=]
-F$?4?'(N.
^6++HA(436VH/,KO8 H&AKJLLV18?/^7R
$G8

HN:#


W7PU]
CTBG@DS.*(K5DXZ




S:)Z4
MZ7/KPVJ7.?&E!\9D*^9_H&7/-#M+MTU9. #G;(J#73]&F3AK6X;A6&]T^8T

M
%)I)UW*3)J^J..S9.V(0UDO8)E^EE





38H6$LLZLPHF% UK
FBR_0??


BG7TE8L?[AZX3'_U\Z5P23AM'$@
*?(H4E#U








MR-YKEIG%''72/






('KIQ7@230:18\
*%92)SNX)C\1@/]
/'$3QXY;3.+I*Y



M9($S0Q;?!Z:JRN^LF]WJ+ZB3\+EA;1:UO[KY(_R\*R3D47]7











MLL\OAN%[4MX@8T(I-$81L@T*_.H)/?I-U8$B!F.^-#$
7PV=/3/(A!1*V01&
M


BY\&IX#G3W4053%*-_6/ -&

MPXTL

M]W0&Y^=R+&6P

MBFOZXO*![FU'7]Q?LZ



M*U[!WPJZU'J+\9
0N]J9*&PT)USE_56;*

EQI,K<U\[.[NNVOW^V1^???K['YR\_CO]3]#[/[?W7WA8RW
MM]/_ZTH3ZG1V3=E _Z7R.3XZ]KKX!;]^^M ]&7+]W$SWR_WLZG_J#.EGF^)3


;%B4C

T%M97C)Z




MXP18)F3DUBB?4D!9

MHR\I76]L*0BLT]NW!;OHK@(P?_H[N?+2C[C$%NS(Q^[3H/3T.@NEC
PBL@S*



U(L%35C)H[BF=YF4DH(ZURI@H3G]6M9S2
-U-W!T@;2S

Y8[V?)K%X@:![-;
MB3R2S=G#?
]CC9@]%C1O04%C1M2BXHA:E7-;TH%U)-'#J#R.SU_?S;L]SS/Y

T=M%J*3MZI[:


6L2$I7





J

A.PP^&=
&YH%(N
M#;Q@7&T
(?:D&AJK? YN1MYK2J@M909@V4HN=7F]Z=]KE*&P](5Q
_:.%SW+




M1$M9NPDJUO*%BY0Z-
=&&;$Q:QU_]3?O3
UGD[;:SMES^TOW=FES5^VD93AO
M]N8_9_.;46=AT0H*D'69.Q4J!U4')%U*]@E8:&5%K'74GI63?Y80_?K_D7.Y
MGKWO_WJ

FH.KR1D



SR5)J;P39VVQ+7WD?DGE.AJ@Y(RG!\&


H7LO0?T7B4[U)#\

M\\H

M?'#CM)V6HS
YOASE:#+ZT9S)]1\LA@L?851&S)#5ZR- ZXWE9)K]&G8)A4
M




Q5.KUY3HXS?VRBL%-RS^FSN)-LP4/#\)L.^/)
1T7NT5.$
MQNFQ%#W6%
$I71;

F.^L8'/;_)
M.'_)GF)H2JQU F545 (2WWQ6-FD4_L =PZ3L5D .W362'2!Q

W\$A*AP$Y

MY@%7G&4?(%L5$M

M!%3UI98IN8M@5[_\(
K.8ZQR ?.3UI1,FD U/3'.\22T-04Y=GZP#CA-85
M?#0NL\K@O
-4&X L!

M +_:E\TYW:O7\]F;Z?X+?Y@R%#:5H=S



M0J)ORT9DF80X7J_LL+:#$0FC59PE.D:;K:MYC#$R;JCUDDL0)R!J6-DUA2J2
MS+SVH'.#@W4TH%PLFVUXP+T\6IEAY4]EM8X@9G^GZ$ATG2J^Q.DU*&%L $)
MRIZ JN%0B4X/R(.9)'UTV9'2ZPHV+L4&P\ 46Z]5'4;5D+)S:W**0 =GHJ9O
M2+HF]Y0%^+:C@.X [&88/D=T/[Y9G]Q,?Q00,@H-O?M[3(PXRUFJT564N:H
6 #+#.2<?=+D0U@HP*[]D@6W 5Q-RY<E
MVBJ=;V^ONS?;AZK]I^\G_SV;AYO)W5.Y4U1YO0!$/Z 4O7\XG(W.R;) [HX'


M=*;

ML]KM/=KM*?#7)D2-JL3=$7AMNE*!
I%6ROR%V.L7(.5#@I$$7DF'DT0@;Z

MCDCNT1@(7#JTW$'=+\*

M[QCC:GV=9]







B_+PF![)[D:

(ZG
5U:!0))#R#(@W&R9IS)Q+S1S688L:S.O Q;;L9E7
M0JZMHKP(T/763AMD)7F-V:




M[=F8'C'1MHP04(SE(627M2NX8#W3/#O1W*M7G-+2?=W






AHA4;# UW[%
@YK1;


R-<,A4727,I?$#YR?@
MI?W[F



M?T
F1@FNDG=\.08J2G@GTRD
X.:2C3+X;! 1








CM.&Q-
M
XV!#&Q(6=4F/4=IXSIFSG&AW'F9'

MG-N-R3B]NUI^?W?]^=LKQ+^[OY]/?WNXG_QVT_TZ^[G[

M'V4CC13D49A*VF@)'.I&O$1:W4+_&C/T^G

;J^Z7]YU7:G-NNOK


1

@D\#Q7+Z7R3%,&Y%&R!OQ)<
M5[B2F/.Z&WS\]:7G9? \V#MW ID$0(W.M%USA!7F[THI51FH.3*7[1R#Q73
MI6=E7[#1*GBKC X+4(YE2'C]KZ/5T./ZB^Z:%& LN



M3M&&=!M57=1A18IAR(

2P--6@8U9V?1/SJ2+3

^8:+0Q5%TEK(1
MM;SJ5!IL2SLB0KT0X\.M:E9[I*N=A-0QL*!_H[G'//65K7CHM0+
3YDW#1%





E)UZ)$JDUX
MT


^3^_W5G=Q1 .53MB$F;W4.OF=6

M/T[OI]W^49]G+G-C!'H+W'
I9-V?8D *W7AKLQ$ \%!RS\GXB+9Z[BEG]65Q
M0C+$L%9:U[

MW]*]B-
W9+@I4)U.-FP]'=%L)\K4M0G)J1ATY
*AK N*K6_1K4I#]4Y^=8S2

AL=+9KZW$(J(U6[^1(
MWP2^]N4)9NS*8!F
CN3?A=;)1](=M4+B]^O=;R7H9'9]7]B%)?/#[/9ZZ5U^

MX65$
X/$H (/TL;(LD;2NUIWLZPIJ/_M&ZEW2H'/PLI8I38$)W@VH(QDY'HX

M7([H)ZK 




S-$7PN)-]FU'
M7SQ &44*(F4
3/*




M$Q: K$MR47%.QKZ7M#39Y'8)DFT]W0%TGH/3


M1! B=T_;$:+VX.+]PUON

'5+QE%L)DU($D
@96*Z





.?J.Q4%SRFU$*22TLSUZWP

M(CZ


MV(NXL29D%AQ3(##DS'RF^ZMMW11(Y]\


MU[65 E5H$CY 3E'=&H6;R#B$T*%KHY)UGFD6Z9IHQR@?3:I.&PO/-Q1TF6KJ
MXCL3VISUF!P34URBC+$


TWY!

+)XDN[M?
M'GZ[FUY/)Z71A'![&KQ5=*7?Y]-;^__@S[^






MFWEY(X@!47KF.=8!M[*#V3?O!=RN/3H-$W
DV2O
Y-4W^$^K/_YCVLTG\ZMW




8=K2G=_W\WWU95WT_FUHZ]==]?T^W_N

);6G/
W6_J7%;L
M0
U\*MUDA0

MF]__U\^ET6XAIO)?_1FOR?1EG

+D4


)D*J-I[;)P [CT\%3GTH




EN








MAK+P!?^QABEN



PM_Q9(5R(I1-D*3RMF+H
MD05(&XJ^P)&9+X3W


MC0B16V

M+SD#U(SF01E7UF?4!-MKG4%O\G&M]_*&6#48F(*=

M:V'05)LA'T'7F:^VC()R)I5Y1O) 0IA4F0L4736&ZV3



XA_HDB\RJH0%QL





M0*0]_[8*L_= CD$/T+0HT22H%)G 0B'0Q%5U*4T(RP^N

F!U
MA!Q$Z/V8XP0$$N\58X9A.%2@D97Q943
'(DX1RMA&XU_[=G3T5?*L:,TK%H
M%$,::=PE0&R@OO


6L^BQTH$H:HV
MJ^BIRD2-@$K=N![K!(%YY&
7

3S?J?$@J8*D@@LM0S(
M:L2JLAOMJ<U']WL-P9_/%$N+=\XVX])QLH$ZYIJZ*(4 30Y+VV6(1[GLT7





4L8/RY1#=^!T
ME



M/T
'*P




M%W?L67]J_:9W<EL




%9MY3)A I2:L7 #*\ILP#AVG(SMWM=1Y!RW
 0

F02!@G


M2
*QN)U
?T]NT6Y0^E44^7[PAUG

M@=





TYQ+QS&A&[R\ETI9?%Z
$N(?//DGX'#Z
M[CB=?/;%#)B;7G@S_=MB
4X

8

OD1RA2

K2





$*$



M+Z:I=!W^/KDY/L^C4GXNQ@1FC@DS'
Y
Z?'9R+3*\SP
[Q==/H*(L_.H09AE
M8(XHX:B+65TXE!9#]1#;+D2[6?'GE*+&HX-%RD0F

MNAQK;+-K]:EPZ&CG&\EHA2#


1VBR+
V+^FI-/1YV=)PI#!E

MNA
G!?4\:@JGT'.)F*Z0ED5T1KXG#TK5I\FMQK.(#*!BT

M+T?%G/$
GH-/QYR^A/M/O0K





:W
MH\'XKM=W ] DO?C+X'-Q][2?)^./[XOI9_C:5
S_M4AO26 H238:[F0$(4&;


M22TOMRG7@H6!:%CI5


+JTX' DZSI^49WSOM?2*TBBTOB]GT!P





'


*E6)Y#4JLZ $13R
M^3B


Z:#

5\.]C-B\Z*N^!([9*X3O4;77TMH@
M1N\B1E


M

7NY/'+($R


3Y



M3\-?;NVW=X-1L5&OL%$
80?@*%T7[SX517*7S
W-
M@=C-+#1Y
9+'YFOSU8



'@ZS2P+Q(G
//(E1)N;/#Y
M



MU70QT'DJY&
+T2[QKUW3(PEHD!]/G R(
TI=*B0
;EU:ZQ4B.4R^V&E13T%
M4T
4P0
M )$H4LH;-[!CF:Z5&\TXER6N018AW/80OT:A(!+UN(H2V4



;834

1%[Z/P&(5@
M%(K28E3!S2!%9#X;3K!V5T=VK0X,K-6(1<1)(,A9Z:KR*6O3A.=\#-\&U.IC
M5T=WK4XAA2RB/EK.G XBW915B%_:Z2Q'!H$-;75U;-?JDIJ5<.(%-0Q,)&D






MC^EH!
5AC Y!:PHV51*B*GM%$BQHEOKGRQ:/C:7N6


%\<
M_I%^:F(#QM;;* T#P

M8Q#Q(8T?+GT^L%2
9NT&!*O+?2-;+3 .34 ' 2G1\&6W)Z+



MN#WCR-(H@R)$KQ&F(/!6.;*^XBA+$'6



(6C7
PUEFLTP)!-LT3^@_;M&_

M47#&J6IDH57.(_S#O[QEZ#_WX
L=O5UFSR[[=9


&
MQU?XG


$H&&D4!RUH'7/153M!1)!Y

M\TY[3F.0P?D0D*X215Y+EH].(^?:AB]E-_TCNRUXL!P; 6ZR(CI$9@4M$Q\\



)LN Y%AT


MM*3'$K#K!@



M0S5S)N 035630;5B^4S#S0JC0]GTM1@OBA2*.&#'%):0$&(=T VAQS3\4?:S



F\GG
C



M&VN%^U
Q^3@=?/DTO!Z


M:::%DU77.Y!#LW!/8

M

B\BO=-FG*2W4G1A [8L_G K(I-
MEWPBIDC0RV@UQ]45JY349Z4&(%SG-VR=HK-C\VJ66YXPPS8Q2SR?FOREJU

YWV)!!.<]PTB^/L394AS5D5)Y0.$$^!5:NE3W3+
CDFUE%7!2H$U1Q<


(,23^1$O%J[%V@/N]M8$ARV3WW\:S</2*K@J32.+7SNZ#PL(%

MV\NJA&A)F@2KG
+@Y@JL*@!S'16/^;4JQ-.B@]'R7BPY(*N2RC&\%=BF*E'P
M#2GL:KAX2 3=13XHE*RGZU*A([STF X\#2H$@K8Y5^YCJO/5'0X#0Q0BA
ME:P*DSXUP4:2*NQ3 8^M;BZUP.!@Y'$S9]TVBX_+JF!I)6:!&D9YYZYXV7X

/(.

AA^7J_?%['HZ7
Y$


76?AL5M^*.X7LR'7^&=MZ#MITW5XS2&
M2#TA+H)#)*62U4@CB8G()REH^5 \-PEY0&2QW
2?5CQ?#G
$/@QG\^02?RV.
M[7


M@\10CI2E0E,G+68,E##U4JCS4-H$XI3[34!H%(70&&A.]20/2HI45L =




2NSMI\$8S/ERI2F1





H^ 2W-L009!]Y2.Z
MH)#FSX/3]%_A@+/C&7:$


MEG


M*[Y*HD2LZS:%$-IO2OO'(X$Y

\G]UYM#H&J_
H#UZ2Q-%Y;


M7;LG2/D$2D-HM(1Z%P

Y=






:.L^TE?B+/FQ





M%1^Q=RTX:_?W#G
354+

$1(H


MN@7K103*J:#PVF($=;!8JDKE$^/(+C:)B+\%1&]B+0F(@\ZH3LF(H+%$'4

)$BZ5@%A
JJXG





_7./
^-;+_E MP^Q+'E$ADB#

MWX[B)'J6ZX]+;.2JR/#-[?+5F5G

$

=0FF:K





2?N


N&VC D4FI9PUMU'#_X0K#3_12%E6A_73
1$K<5JJ\*GR[O5F7+[AW!/1@<J*8H"VD5VJ





2^BHDYXM'4E8H\
M5?9L%/Z4KQ1OIQ#1-AZY!TA:3KG @DNMNS*@A*\0LXT\,M6C%G23KOW891U
M@IEJ.S.#(T8$B.V1Q@EXF=%UZY/@GFW%Q/]^F:FW,Q,[%J4*&IQ1A2282#4
18
M&AN&D.-KS2FCHW6W^BTRNH;PL_.UK<E@#_FJ$,4^^45,2K#R1%1M0O:0'!=

S:
;YAEWE)X/
2



M
M



T1C
WYC57[\\0,I-J <' *



M_^UN


MRP^U

M; -UBG+!'A?ZYN*$.FG)2LN7SISD:$/[X



MMR143K.YA435?

M59/I/!U+.YE.)[_#QV:U5V1K GWQ87Z'97H?Z6!T


@_F@KXT%XB/&H)_
M\!FTU18[Q*M6(19TK/$61-9UNQ\7TD(WM/EK8 8(VOQ7. 3=8 U[@)S!/6/6

Z5E[ Z

M1.I9FF2O06'D@I535'EN+;,D&_XXAW@TU'6_0!9E0R25(Y3X042K'5=E9
M1B&B#W6538S2;O'H*+-^ (^TAUC.NR@Y3C4W*$EECRR Q[_0:
_$HO;B1



MPH'78S?X





'J]C




M[J]';1284B
]PEYI;@RFU9'TG'F3Q\&R)GHY
WF_%G


M71 XV\:72L-);IG$G1A_*%H!_BQ31NMT
XXKQ#$6E+9Y=9?$1&W.J6UCA6?7



I
M#9^U'-%
(;W$*

M7T!EAK0)(H(1P^#]AV!





MF'Q8S.\
SIO;\IB_6WR8#6^&@^GPT

M1HVX)H%:8+J6G0UR:+[

W\*
M8R7:VORU[7A;@$F=@VR#X:F:(L 

I(V+V:_%




!S@8Y=NE0P


MK
P$Q&IXS$88R


MO63BE$Q
^3UP.XOIUV)F!Z/TI]VUZ+L?D2'NK-\5)]

M
6U(D-2&@D^?;DJB(A(+36T5]:L@
F4$




M96


JQLC*Y/(8:I2)!%KPR-#@GXQU300$2ZK :&\Z9$
MSE-D71M2$PT2*=)Z.#?1XLXTJ9JU0D0'QR3%#L-+Y?]+F4%]]:;X/-*(;*&
MR,@)3JCD9*J*EVE!+/O+9VH^?R&,*[QK@V9# $-)YM 0SB+VPI[$R*I1)





M
*VRXA%;GS

TTN*U 7










P3%
5[]?O][QI
IZ(F_5)^9


MO*SAWSTUDH:C%]-[G%#'


MK-=@Q[%*\A=Z?T^EUV#M^G'/RUVK4O0OKFZG2\]YZ:7]/I@6GR:+6;I7.\(Y
M6Y-#&L*18WAY0'#1_M$C^ 5#I*VCUQ4A.+4;T%O[YWPDT LM47\D^OS 7HQ]
M5XQ&2[
9N;S8/J/(J&A74V+)2;_28U-JPR^Z)&3+ZAN+7VZE2U=D9@^2'T

%JF\[C&'[FGGKMN[\FCB[?._$\%8



?3_XHX*MO)H6UY./8WC]YNIV







]@Y_O3RT_NK^VET \M+$?E%YRH_5^GJM5
O/[W\
MM

6X)SV.J#7 ;T.^(YUP)_P




M KT6^(ZU -.]NA50*\OF

_S1&JEN]L*W/.J


?SIB@A]E^UX




KHEX1]6C

MSR_@ #U:.K0':UL/UNL[64KGWL CF8C@5(P=+P)+9.I%$V!&4++B)W]P0'L*


/Q G9[(
_T*9S/
$Y!^7\'^GP




MS

MZQ5

58JDUX@'][?WUX<-@].3WO'O8['_?[I]W#

M/?R0(B.FP)N^AVIL'$3@U05PK%
@OYB1PR?5(SM^%0]/CDA2*D K=AJ'X6(G
MOHGPQ
&7
^^?

EN4UEVVX[8'U&(P8X8
M-BY 6ZS?!DV!#72?!)&?DI51N$?SY[J-GRZQLFNG60//(F@F1TV=S%[G
M YM)^HONAW9'MW%'Z5!3=#+ELXQG$^]$C+BE(TS03U:17@8_3^=B1)XC_0H7



M:ICS001+R7+V9



P

MO 2/1



MG0HU \6*0*J_(W^0!/BWT#/STA7OYRL@^5;4LU



X


0SDQJ8F2/G@ZV[KOLS+.5V]!3%FW

 \X



@3R)
\]K0J/@6O!]BN,]
M)\8OW.KHH_T/IAI2OAJNLDC6B-W@<TF9DH6G9@W2U?%?1(\<:F3\-M[/TOS


[2M

MBL4_K9S4$A%P!U_AB*3&1EZ$/G@&,N\0$\#[9$EF0.1])'DO)LDCB9^C&S



I56'8$ZW7D@P]&
37TO3LJL

M1*H

&G,+U66)&GC/,O)I4;DOE9\KK)UZ5YCLE\1OYL+::-E<'\S0-N
MPMTZ
'#J?STLOC'T&RD/97EU=.?(K9B!C%PI]<
MJUTK#<%ANGB,;@W^(L[3M3S%PB\L!36DTB$/DJ++6+:A1(WAC*9AG)'X&@M!
MKN0.18*IX##T%A6/5!8C8YVS41NB9N"LWNC16R YB?^^F'H\LYH3.;LHQ5
M-2$U1C'*L\+CK?
60:WD
M55RG C_54NM!(*U5ZA#LJ I)56*T5_\
?HL$L5
M%ANV?


*Y#(U^


QPLGLLEI&*) N6OC) B14D
W5R*;H^E


V

4

1I

MA
TBN@P)432;$J0(/



M'!(B6,HE%K8N_+8Z\]2D@0L,M45%(4)U^EIMPR(_'D^ZY?-/RDL?K#O65V

@]283









''<HZ J7$A$HA<(7,UA1(R.ZV\8P_/'N#1B\$7DAS9P
M$=M&] I% ZQ%#/

MJ#S75!::R@%B


N*YBO11;+Y)7GPA


*UE

8

M&VL=AHSGWD)&D\22_/8O4%=X2C;[B-T'YO=[]_W#GH[?_Z84@UN=B)+_3F

MS]@L\6

M/GLC

!!^U@O-:%J\
M



M#+P;)*-\IO!P57.L I!


9H/
M3;
R)75].A23(*+J4/FJ9?@^'
A(-VI33VSS)Y8'(UL;Q'&N3/R2.L^L%B



ME8$-%519/2J5;FDP,14F?XDB6_  #T%T0Y1Z+CB45S8R(T[/+(FZ/MZQ:X

M[UC*4V!D98WE@
=D8KZ].

MC*+$KD\B3T*1Q#JECH6!W!\#R/LG-A:; GYA\7@#*D@D2
/P&G3X!AAC!=


*G*CB9V



9!5O@A*Z'
9O
P7@BAX6I8]X

N<_D






M H
7#:N/271ET@=*N8-S
!OF2:K;^LG%AXGP_
4*$!69BTR]G\M=
RR9+N[^
M@26VT-'E)
W








MVL'KAX)I@(XA
R%=B]WX3,TZ]6Q%BO8LW638X(?V[K*+<OQ*8





*H5JQ^/B.*&[B/0$5ZERZ@M8\9QHN_

M]PE%87AQ@ZL3YZB[0;!\S3A

7*+EI-

M&(U4BOKQ50@!GK O7.HRIGL
GN-5 (]/DAUM5H]BB])'QBLGV954O:P\$?UJ







K#SD- X$+ZL_
M^N:S^#

E*Y_MN.(+]PSTT T!:3)\]6








M@Y-U
IB0)TVAKK_
);

M


K:GNY'L_3
MBGIS&-55L=UB4S^KE0/




MU_EP/KCZJ#]V/[SCT^;7/_['G
(KYO.#JS]*C^-4=CJ;ZYBA8+4I)'.BQ03Y
V$:



F]:AR.!2;! 2Q5Q
MJ

++3T5%@25U8Q#)K*D%^3C#VP69HF<F_PZ%JKSTR^F'
MKNP,4PC24F&ICH:5T_+D*:1*^.]<*UG8;ZQ#F(E30\Z8-=T%9*&93C+7%.8




/7)7&  _




:AC7SY]\MO7RK

Q&;OFZTS 6PV3

M*Z8

@YS;$W[NO/
Q[#J2?MN849*%QKR6WA4N6





M0J$L_])S92'(





L')K@<@&.3IB1$:E&U%LKNY$J<65T[+6

U:]Y#CH


!U4

ZDH+33+/&J\J7^((E'J
M
I:'%.
L5]*YY:83&!A!N#H03K+W0K7RCL9/*F5@
.FZ@B[9#5I@L5RIJ

9F&* 5-C'?+^UEK]+=
M/=A=5EGZ$MI WS*


XD8L*O2U-*WS/F41C28%K((+RN
M#U=1=Z
/4M&; 4S!F:SMQDU5=

M\*D
@4$8)9*^H8]*CTJW6G/NTIMQOOJE





XCW_FP:%VTD62SSE['XL*
4)Z(^L
M1]B&(^'TGKW'Q&-_[_PJ!_/=M6K08$B_EVZ_+A9IR)G8N
DXW
I3%D^AI7I
M&/F7VY'%\P^W) 4?SC

M


MM:*\3O@&
)J=+?O5#B]J^

MFH&5%[L(6;7K^+\-?_


MD#^H=0ER+?W#H&:;Q;:!3&JED&1_9[[V@7\(@^Z


SO (
&'BT! H'KV+1

7[Q9??S[Z<
M7)RUM1A/)\8)0(

)2S!








WPO$#G]#*N:](





H
MXUX5?I#.8)_A&:0V*+5@EAKU_.*?N4\CQ?1W[EU$+@8BH 6C8([%B[4];:JT








39%UR[[ (./$5








M:

+3.E)&VTCGOTZO;9FR24]/ HU@LQY6EE)K

N&_MPD

M_#\YL


MJ=#

.D(




MD@0U:8+OTW@&O_]]UQG


MR9CB



M


6M

M?'@PS@#=A\*TE_RD%3HC.:H\P9)_%
GS3Z7\FRW+J'_(&48D'*3=YU_CZ5



'

MAL:$

MI;\+JM.Y3[?&_M[1_G[G^.#L&/Z_U]T_&G1EM\:CH\./G9.7UZWQKQ=GY\[9

M

SKG,!Q@NX
M0OJ:H;.X#TS;+8LJ#Y


BTP\L)!UUTM#'S
MV1Q.^:SH!#X$
V9
567L-:H\UI3-



@7;%45




M8]!G8I138)HO


+3\MH]84-]M\468\!/\.8I_(D@K7Q*RB DM
M[[X&,?A#9S?4.5FN,Q5+J(D9P/64S#_0O))FW\F


WQL
M*!P!#$O!?E5A*%]

M

!?*R


=V0L@-3]^)/NGWBW.):E/CX%@J-

MP^'C%M;9?N.G?89+]!=MQ2^OW_2QEJI%^5T#7(Z^?A\](?)YB=D^&_ULG0


HAC!S.(9V(D*D4/&O.?S$-


)QQEYS(S



M4B]7=+O.JF13MH



.U2

S_+



V3+E
MDS#ELKN_@NCW$Y] O0_H:TT2\/Q\U/9Q\OZ_L(YH/'X&_JW:%C;Y]YNXCL-K

MA@OVN2]AGI'#WK7^:8
O5L5A+[GI%-0@3L$&*&3(1PO
F_E[*06G/QL^$X?=/;?;:<]$ZXZM1]BKFJ?[&:+
M*'$(C8X78XSP@!U_%M?#&]O
-\:AW==5.^[Q_:*!EZ]==BZ;JWK9O-T'K@'

@*;JJ

MHZHBABLVP@8^LTV7/8MT

M
6<)!4S.7D9C+_0X#8(


FH:$8!

K;MEO0DJ4:&1/;C&8(;CVY3'KO816V;




]G)V25BNJM638;E


:MIGS3)*'66+DH@[%2






;_6-+
UW^^W;&/I






M




M[
S@RZE




MODD^&5'BT
K7&J.4$




MDN9C&(]^_.4__^-/Q4^2X-K#X=.OX-:
%OI7!!H#'[Z)\9_?G)_B*?Z_O7]\
Z<GNZ=[W<^#@8?#_8&!P=GW;TW?ZE(

M3(-H%



O3X4J:%2H62GWTQP*$94;6AIIG $F=(P?M%7,I;W\+]

M%5G'FV UAOPA@UT_Q)@LM=

1D7H*6DXDJ2'8$$J*



O
M5X/O%Y=?G
&74^?BR\G9E^\7?SMSOIY].[_\]GD 7SA?/PV^7+TL!FV(:8R@





M@_8Q/$NY=G=)V2





U)

M:8+3-YWW28SA7@RY#\



+D$8FUKY382MN8[0&/[9_!



M

I$6S:OGPZ?EP.0+;\F'+AT_/
^L<G65^34W[T1$3839I()Z/UX%I

L


QPO#2-L5T6_*K J*1[8 903D26)Y'S5N43]#H?OE]]TY^Z

/PX*KAW%OO!&!20ZL]]D=S



;ELJ%SW0S@**QH*$!HU?L0VHB@R
@27IF0I





7] 

A6N9F*J*[C
M#2&KU^U=0$U2A\P P&5E:D%F,_BS]2%&G@[T&
W=F;*ONV3E:#!)O! 5BH

I'.IRMS*V?ZW81]6N*':
6N!$ R'^21C+&*84RWM5


@Q!^_=T\_&?%]?R.
Q23
M((HP@2(>TWV\-3U@D_;;4H/:V;


M



VL/9*H-')]BO




MO'DPB*U@FU:M1*L(:S82K#U$;+=_=8$LR/ 7CT1


M.=7NT4$K!1[M-C0H$K))PG[W?CI#$8EQD#F)&






MH4QM-]
\5KB]=DA;=56VC0V]L\5B_&C7K=G38XW9:,W;06TX87&G(OF:N96
M%C1B/UM9\&ID07LNVG/1GHM61[:RH)4%K2QXJG/QMM=;AG5Y)&*3=\BJ?BN
M/2XO[KBTJM/&HH]WN]9$1%


MP/\5WB#;S%E[
'E?Q2U






RKY$*YN[5




M*

M.^F[2&;.183E!

MW0--]WD23Q)OQ@I%^:6]SH=/WR]X3]17W0_O0$;AT.I/SBA/0/MDX0+%;!JD




M [W=0*TP]Q%Y(4&.(ANBX#0=TSC\04FHYP(&X_'8$$D*:TR1NWA_!+X@?I


LR#(!=J0_ W












N4.TA5W4SR9%3OO+87/
M96TM\


C==(!

X

GU0*H^.
L?4




QFY?8K

MTO-4\ES49.KZ


M/*S@N/+@
)[45)[O@L)APUERZEA64\G.C


]0=L:4:;0&FA@JM3=7


&CD^VD8_CW 7C*+9CP


CH.L



5[L=9;3? -@_Y?S:Y(-M_FF<K3<

M1S0R_B





%.1Y
M=A=H5F*(YX5DN^,, 35-?2[MM@0\%MDEEY=<WHL.^;PD+R0O&U*C1^)(:)7
MT%#VMRO'8&F!P6+[

MZIX&^U=PD;NG=]88% C\#.(G'-4@+:F8J:LPFFDT.@V-&L\!@TRB@:QBG18A

:+$ Y2WK-R.YS8PZ_#87 8OFV*)275'7V
M)?1EG23


M6

7O8ZK3=_6^#\(O5?*(F_*K.@U)#V4@#[YM/=]=<O]Y^^
M_'I[P[[^<OOM\O[3UR]WQQG+B;-]-





U2.

-WJ
#]2;)IN 94#'D]&A'\NY 0

A]CZ.G)DCD'!JT@LDAB# :H;





M




R(9[MVH7/YZF*@1M
M:4!-E*\PSU1-T#(C*JYIE,Z)3HY\YIDS&T)'YG%CXE1:[@?WW+D69RUI\]

M;@Z



M&W'&;.@'@?^$K

M=:58




(&P[4G4: Z/=*[\=2WXAB
(*PB

UHXA

M.H$\A5.&@-5.CM;5]MM2D*JRV!1LJ8[2J9U






M
$S


ZZ2





AV-I(5GXA_@S
M=AZY^\KZN76A8^6@0#M4UKL'(/6.W)A47:/=+;_H4BVX1J
O7Q.S3W_Q=

MM;6YK8K
' 1V*F1
E4G;3]XCF*!^X+PJH[PNE*LO]!Q/QI_9Z!@MC45:Z/AX



M2?BS[]M/CNN2(42&T
O5



MX_#\@?/I^QLGG/HA=W\&(D[#3[*X

M^\O__35]UBT//+@W_$4$=V




DD/9]EB\/
:GLV
M/N!XKWCH6+(7VGSO-.!S%HYED?
0F'4RC;%4^W &MLRC@U*QXA[X%:N@JV44
M]CD'(.
/@GGQ9 B/ T

M1A:(D2NL*%0W^A%87@YW881P*X@H?
TC]N3'+AA=%GB$S!FQ4
 ?B6$6I/%S






M(=$6-3B


^?.%YI9_Q.

OIM;0? 2+Q(O$B\YL6K
%(FV/B^@,JYV=1)!
MJY]45E:$5\17Q%?$5_5@E9'%2+32<KG.H\7^X1O=33@=/)!#N:7586/R#&M





.-!EU?5[&UB!:*[CB?
D


*S8=I+
]WFG?^(/9'KPE;#
M8






O"@6;/&$,I--N'
M$:$?) .?' ;,943S^]0)DBO@Y@!W@KD$VH43V
'5$!AJ0H







W.T@N;






M5XELS4GD+TH4?66SJL!A)*RQY_P9BT0N$[




M=A)2*;#*V!$!#ZSQ[)6.'3 LQS2P.) Q[2$/G3#9^JYZ6'+9Y=O\*8-7GA/7



-F2CISMO7ZNBY^\T=;]_U_EK?7N_1T^3K
M

M[:E5)FNI8
NF1F&9(U'QGGP]':\*HU)AIBJ

MQVX


MY(GDJ::6(
O&NST2K'N7D%T:K:Q2NJ8(-$\8
(.B2B)*(DH

J(
M#6?


H'







Q$W_&SB-W
M
3'BD/YQ56ARDAW=!P-=LZ[*
N)]E&=Z.&5-$$ 00!! $$ 04!\(*%1OKK
M25A 6$!80%B@ PMH

WHV.OJ$/!8@W!XM
1K3+.0)*(D8B1







! L\?!)MP+QYQ



M7+G6$0N$.\
I)'/SAZ$('E'@X1'3&-X=QG [#]G
$:Z-(X#E
/*1B.\6L R0
M.^ 1O +IG XN)4=%):6.DIWR$DB$

(.C+(JHPT7%'\


M+'D$_I/)1T_C'TI@D2LJKL6C?Q^N0AIWFX2L!=3TZDV(A;H$Q#1S$)K.:5
MB(#]X1_0D\A#O_G!'^'8@37[)0!OS0

G!#
3M9LF#VCP+HC9%T_
MD*]99H]I' !+A)!3QL8$Z*XZGO)0
;(U]+Q8A2 E8N!UY98D&0BW5IJ7A?








P



K2


]Z)XM*)/5(TH(*ZVI)S.^[.&%2VD%5A4F-


MI3,D+GEX1=L@-!N

*@L&:%.Z+F.OD
M5=IDE<#OLK!84:(2X$0YL=^$)UCW3<&5X%\%:J[A6*UX




ML)Z*.V-C

MN5$'4
GR)Q


6Y$PB

I$+@X:UF5]L\8^'4TPRJE8V$_*%VC;'=7



H-/_8

R'A E1/.8*_BU' 33/L\1P0/Y8X
M]


MMAV%7J=JVQS]Y=S0[8*&([F)H*SVQ1V/^9#K$A\ 7(Z6[% _CL((YBE#5?HV






MH=+\BV3==LVH-/\^19]*\U-I_GIIUR.2/2K-3Z7YM:4+46E^*LU/I?DKIZ[J
M)RU4FK]LS5

I.D_=
I?DKP:N$E%7-RR&
W-#67%^:
M?\-S71J/:ZT\#O9U]#$MX5:H
/@+K(LUV^!\5[/?['0;EZW+SE7GIGU]U3!O


MNWLD!J/^.TVU9#96E23
K

<&X *IGV,P^*3Y553/17F<2<.9))(D\B@ELC4GD;\H4?25S:IR
MJR)AC3WGSU@D<IF8S:DP9K(J*[1A,3;PDRV.(1]_T00NJD8TU.-M)6=.1?B
MP@ 9G28M&(8S$








MGMOQ5FW6KI
N:_?YP8[PTK


M



M_H08B!CHE0ST#4O5@//Q7S]P-SXS3?Q#_)
ZO7[$GX\@'$LBK4Z6RLJ.RZ!L



MWQNI4 B@3
(NEI%5E?\*U2=ET;]2P@
OG$FF\$$9Q*L*WU$$KP;:[W1$M&.T

M.!--TD32M/J^0=LP._H2BDF82)A.5YA




@
MMJ(X$(9\R&I&]ST9T


57WX7 4.&R1A1IZ7\9LB'3







4'I@X


-#@L6E$]#
M\3[]X\/B9D4^J&(:K;AT5^9C;QYJL:4J_U]N4=E97;-\F4=KQ]U_MK??M^






D@@A4

MEU/U_@#+I.





![*))Y4/I 0D


XL[!EW$H
M1K'+T

M4&
D?Z&(-LH3#Y

M'%+IK%V#S9GT*')T7V+%YTA8 J5*Z*':
9J#Y:0ZW?2J!=ML%2&FLX?E'RC0




G:#B[;*L-?RM(OG.3GY^Z\_QN'Y ^?3














MK1



464V+

)%V#Y!0[ $DV[.


M]#Y]N?[ZKUMV?_G_W=Z1BM!HUF7Q;AD%/$-3X!U&13#D*J

MU^X9O;ZVLN+U9AN\3]/)\2KOFI1)PH]^ )Z]MTT
I5GM'1/]HM=O&F9#7S#Y

MQ_0C[I;#4U@*-N/,2UQ%X&KMQNCS_M]B;;'[QZ?=4QCT\)_K:A* 4(ZP?
ME;-?$
)0P\6YS-9D-;Q[GM5H+QBO;ER.0)) DD*P@2/:
?J^DR!6!Y'KO





HZ7OK-Y6R;Q567]M^;H$$@021P429M]HM;2=I:_*4NYJ


G


MPQ:UDSK3




MZK:R:C:





::J*LK<:E\)EX9=J%TN=WA\0#H^ (M#\UJ;XG/ $KB8#:
M#C<19Q($@(2 M8. ;7E$Q%G$@+J0



:V0&.


K*BFB63O%IEBKWS2;






M$](GVY*CH2\-XM3T.7];9+W%XA0!(\BQ@:BST+J
+AZXA_9U
_=# CD.H#

F4RY)=MKV&(D@D#8&#83(3L;EA(X.YY]I!*$E9(#



MF\J(4
FA3)*G$]9C.D\\DQXCN2
]MAFY

M+1-H&ZY\%;;60NX[95E.)/0EA0Y(_

/N&_/7:GP [SABWK&2WB^





MW)G!;'@K%@!R0H!&Q0'%M1_


M%VLK_@/)*\(A\N)0)7& T$@\8)$OY^*)J%!J:VUQKC 2(/EI;:Z4/Z_C2 '$



X281








L8X75XGC:F=:
M+D+@W A
?)I.






D I^IKVU?^NBMNAI)6GTUU?$(



MF@

M;L_WC?&6\U&+#3B^?/T\UWYC+CE5UHR?3@/_N^P@YLYTM?=IF$:SK:DEA+85
M^:'9

G
M$ P[AKG K*WN!6/726\3524?FZ

 ?TT'GSNAN@NU

 KG?VJ7(BO.G_5:41V29+\T_\D303AVIFDI
M?VPV!!-



M[X=%
'*Q&2A698]=F3;-.S\!:@6NQ'H6E7N3S9NRSKTR8Y#/CX8LU]J^HO


!%H#K&H1




; Y7SH.N$8HVG(ZF#CP!LGP
=@
M%_^!T@ /\*3R6M?.,55,\H\Y&%* KSP;]EEA


M!X?4]*=_

D@

X

8LG85!'HVR14.FJC
M7/F.^NN&T.1*6M28+)5#C


M#5Q[H;*V&(:3IJZ/45P










JM(",)(PDCZ\KA)%:#4F=

M
6..GA7_N
79?



]]==D6L%6SWX7^;L
^/#9A8\

&!-Q)@0&^NQR&!@QL\78/C!4@!C4#8687#O1CBUZ2[
M37)[*BGP A 341X8^,)%$GJ$]=GONTR3Z0;R92BLS?I5'L

/Z#P;_;?%^6[8
W
CP \

IAQ?VW/'ES/$WCD<?@\N-D-
MRXM!MA 0%421B_&,((F1(R)%]97K380W5< ,&.G.69SM3\C@T_&'D+,H\-G8
M6^:/C8#!W8EK([6!Y_ 2+AC!X=D/DR(WH@-BS-G2&QX87'7?. K(W[@'M@:


2]2

J_
M@6V


M
(Z%L&3\5UP[:-T(Q5O^80:OFP%.BX]5=

'YPO*



MUOB*E5VVQ('-IN@MG0M%NL%PW\$HO[X8]2^L]O#FIGMY;K4ON_V+*VF4]_NC

%1-C*PJ7








MPRRR9G





^H]8Y]!=CSV_Y%GY2.P'%A6W
9NH
MM
*7V41WY*0SPZ T2VUIEENQH$CSX1;!$^.:UF5/G^AUS9&UWM_C13SW9@+W

M51:;AQT%2T78%L^S1$PUX!CE+$['^)VZOJG^%22Q&J*Y
@1



: PKL))Q 0R-I5#J[' 0DP.]CSX)
SHAI^X.B5+7XFO
M*0($_!B
HT!




-K)C%L;4F_





MP4



/=4
M%H:ZL9 


MGX_DVZ_ ? 3G[UB^EE\$FT94'.;77K


8[D

-\N-=9O UAP#6&](@)\





MJ#QY3%X_]\;

O\#-;]DB^^JASH_Y^?KNA#/4PO_57]QZ0

M$5CXF828Q(36R&W
L
8OXE-1- M?_/Y%;#+H;F23X@C$[G#Q??]\KFVNHK%M
M28^




MQ-:QH




MSH^ ZT(Y56/N3I$$^
]M'UW.(#RP255[7.^5'#62R\=H=8ZB3&/%Y%'%J
LT
M?Q.OVYB_:4I.$L/'?/82BP[G3.S

I8

6;6&C/@*IB&L:989SGLQV![%%I;FIY



M5%5VMYN9LNEPJ7Q

M1B^5^D1C#=E1CCZ#.R(U\4]J1] 3MY@HD(D9OE(


M0TGX$2;D(
+











M3

M=4D!M 8(I?CQ0;YJ#!:F*G-FD2O


*'%

&D+HW*8P.)/O(3[-I?'G5D\T G@0C^(13 M##Q3




5'?
%F3$L3ZIR1;(EU)]?D.=_R*,#D?XA;A53OE)

MBR*V&JZ\:91^7 9EGQ841!DZ8B)5&'- 5*EL%I1!G0:W+T06//=%ZK
(3O%%
.8MTK+XEK<\<#PP2JM3X=^B/I5]XP;/&$1D
MT$=1
E](B96)U)


M^9C9W_#!W+W'@V_


M&0D^AX%
2Q
\_CGP7'LI__L.D.G@TT3A9^^
(G?_GAY@HC+?_L_GYW]8/A

M;?A7EV2NS2H

Z

[@^ NF&/\@F


/-TYU4I@

M:(5(J52
59I_!B9JHY
MUPXEW8E
7=^SP=PA&6Q%_@%::Y774%\6HBO&*3@QZ

7?YFO0'D+ VL(FN#6
M!JL'Z?V;




MFK'X&S[+]0)*'S'9\G^BB%?


M])8YT

5B4;6 A3G$J
MKP360,2;%X)P8.)K4QY7T2.5ITAY7JI[2V8LV;6<$(RCZC+5Q(JUK5V6)@^
M:TLIPI;W;#K233.

E4HW5]TK

M



M@Z#$K







O0\C&;GL/MY1=[8K#RW1.-9<0(GVI=F9G8-6
DKBHOBY:YI7]

MCBM-C0);W\NA4=7SJ+BR.LXJZ9)L9DI::8H^L3BA*6Z@:$8;I4X[^ 
96YH%



M-47:=UJ&ZF0E4('JR_W^+;ZJ\)C2?.WL:!#;T/KRY^)[?$PW\DKI .(X
7NP


R!?U=MYW\^RO8A_N4[*UD5JPOK+PUOJ\+]7[41;HG

MKE^:AB.SU^GJDJ:Z;'K5^IG4\&+1,=L#[5%2PY%),@!WT+8WQCF@O%P63ZI
MJ4*4M%)TKS+6:?7-_F ]PX^L.'(8]Z:I#DB\VAUS4ZLN$B]RDC;=AZER5:;



M%
P4W*-J_*
GLI(/Q\+K]

;A

M0J3G 0X$=[]Q


X$\YSI)!]%F!@5N<V)[


2'9;/QA;))_V_
M?# GL@?*$(9DC'0&HW%9GQVP3PQ@/AVQGE

M5&[Y&6)MT?JCY+2L2)Y(2S61 J/$0U-\0LCO7?Z FF?&_2*8NKZ# VJ#4 ZJ
M5L-OC3&:[LQ;_A??G?@.#[TE_E-@




FI4=DM5KZ?

M]0VQ*&JG)8M1F4=I]503CPIH^;@678O)#5]&P&$:6UX[G5NO]\
G;SKYVIAS



M42)'*16)KMG2=R)P*)!CE)5:5':

X

O=]9=??S=N

MF6Z:PF

VEN]/;1_?4VSU]'+Z#7::BS?S4+.C=\'9L7(
&WKD7

(*P[1 V&IF#T8 @C
(*Q&K$@0MCN$
M#;NFU=/7+J'1?$
01A!6$U8D'M&47O+''8Z!&$Z(*PA9[15DO7
(@P5R^8
MN


MGV1IH3]-JP1/O*'J\GW5=HMXTJT7TLS:8,]#8NJSN.U^U05(CT#E\2Z7V
MW$8X4VZ3: [[VN9=UG[S6H(:@AJ]@
U)U;/[ RKSYQ;%YL&.=C:? 1(D(B
M0J(M2-3NFE:K^HF0QX%$E#[R\\FO&-Y)@SUC/@EGOX4L^\\$K.0^1^)&R]Q

UN2WM1[6%#4/W0


MZL(DQPD2@YXY:FLK52*4()0@E#@\E.@
S'9;6\\60@E4*)PT
)JVMVVMJ.
MFH\#)2@C9B=

MP\::^L'*X9LV=6&28\6( 56@$D801A!&/((1';(C
((P@C'L$(BVK4JX]K



M$!U1$PX1#A$.[1N']-5;'3D.4:K
QGJK)X-
%
T^WFBVOOJIX\8^L')X9LT
M=6&28\4(?;5-A!&$$801!XD1U#2





_0

M'IE&R*


M
R_A^(
-JHC!*^?




M
F+M/*O<'%;@%!0L#;()


-G\UY]&ZC-BPZ0-OL*'WZLFN.

QSSLMQ+1L<$7PD <1F
*


MI=)LOL'[JFP)7R

M S6=ECGJ]PAJ&H(:@AJ*K=JNNO]=0EJ*/MCPD_B!B-

-C7B4

MF2N$ K5%@7;7;.E+K:_+5A(


MWG?2-7L];4#T)$D.

M@5
]7#.@@-%@_D\\(UH





8O!E%CMNQJ1%R';ZQ0SC4*!S2
M&4:I_=97[3P1T!#0$-!L35;1UH^S]EM/0$- 0TS-XMF1$!3923HL (^5ZZ7
MQ-QI;IE270AYE.%EK45'%*ZA(RCB(/#)T%0779R*H]' (! H$# P%]'7[K
MLI$$ @0! +/BTUH*Z2IRT;N)011HP!HG6(3=2REJ7T




M)R'W&#)['
#V.'SB^F[

7&O







IV5:;!

7*%OP//4G




XH[:$1?!!%!

M7L)'3]S(AF_2\CR$#BT/
C71:F3V1YKL8/VDTF21(-]IXJR6:75JRUEZHGZF





MBGPSF\OC7ZK_WIK?1V\2U@M,G$NLX4)(R55@NOMXU_KJ\4GNPYG]E2
.6F

^XD(!(\PDQI-YI)H@LFRV@1K.^C($_&


);O=-^RW#84@^I
M?\:O##DP
#=Q73






RY&L\T-9!3XQ(47

$

FWLDB%[? T

SO

M4Q;7;AISI4

 P?6S_VM

;A_SKZAIQ%R%@7RI:DE

_$D64Q7Q7O&D?S'@)MRMRR(6U7#]3:.W






M$DN ^#1U



+:6%@
2Y\9



MO/!]=T]8?=-8_:[SB[M2MEEBP1?N1&;3L&,R)
V*U!'%)IE8-BFS&K7[U@


M.K.8N?8YQHWO


MJIHKP7


/W









G' 
C'J#
U6


M
?/(6W^;H[MRJF1G\=UP@@3+'%^3*]F(@QA]1WB[DK#Q1WEML]-JF]V^/FOI
M*=(U@I
HXD@81AC6& SK]@;FH*_MW(






=


MA&%D_6-QHSY!$#2+GML2AR)T 31



MR*?%&300^



$XP_!9G
 %8C0
7LED6!!N6-L-/5_\8W]#1?I+T*&J

S*XZ$E1T2O7!W%N[#M0MUVNZ-$;
M:]WU/-JL-4U#'BVXC7

9@\HD/_
M!)]JI.=+[=;/ET$4HZ**F

MJC8:X-!
SP)C]IU'IC0'JE)_G?6@E2;M5R&P_VA5MVQ2VJ2T#T!I[[&QYXNB


/9P7*O5A-A^/+O[XX8[/&V'S#++TIW]677.&34%?HO<JU<0]0TR



M3[\Q
R'U





M5]36:CL%&W^N8;7

M+V:F5-X$6G&%L)^V5K_X9]ZH5FYT%1]MSN=III#?6U3FXTUU LNZ:&FU8


L'[AX4J[



N/
MNMJD\0GRU$6^* !<([UV:+5;IF]KKZR-A(I$JEC%RFK:PZ'I*6.+/1XN *H

:U1=5UTCDOV




M26YTX8^^$=Y/T?8U
[ZK(&4E



MSG?NG$?&1_Y@? GF;#L*%V[W7)^?SN206JO=^M//A;W^3Q+%[F2I=;N1-*)

)C2KC? L 1CW%]!R?-

^


M?11;'*!;Y7H.
Z(9J

)]0[.O+QVU+@Q +E=]

LM6%MZI68S42


O(7R[9X[T%0T<
MO75(KANY;CJELV_V6_KRKH]=.H_]@.W7DN(T#8]'T:JK8;9=#63:$)V[=OU
MC#B8[.R^U3%[G3=LK],$/B('O'*3@Q
$$P3@@T'9J]E$8+5MHG-MNXSVWK5




&R=M)Z.V




M_9CE_

MZ'S7S[EIHNH[&X.T[S
F.+ANZ;=&

M'\\SE7=CESG9I^N[K7
7Z*0:<C14G^^K.(S89-*VORY
MU:.DK/M7FZNN;:*ZRZ
)RS^$-T3[F@LC@%




M5[3YGMEX0J-

TEKX
*
ZO^6Y65VB+(D+-N0]W
Z3?K6D

M5=@
W:#:V?.D53OK@I.NAV54RO;BF4[=\!@UHJ'V;%M:EF%9. 4'3M*6^6#)

M-(-L;+,_T.CA/Q69HS\EJ4%BY*ID?%L:_ ^)V+\)K8.*^:\A=141;5D_FC
MYA?:YOM?64&.XS3/OQ$=P=
Q'T26CI^S^E4%G?CM@GYY?(CU7O003\OL:6OT
C39WWQA4[?*BD.!9T$








M&* +Z%)S8+I_@


\@M2UA&XZK/)0W'
M41+EA2A_OF/S'IA8[KSHIO4-QU
?R--%;Q!
:( 1:Q&Z/&/@RMN0!KJ +J!K
M@2[?L.2U)FX]NAJFW7^5.@8-@Y#OF%ZTLIY=9EF13T



MPW9?7L'

%OX#?P
M&_BM1GZS#




]5W7<<ZOW*

M'=/G:7CI]CA*V-O1]&!*RS;?O%]2G#_+O(B&#U)UYWK$%^QIS&T%EQJI9I_D
MK
C%9E@Q(@7_9SY%D[*H)DRLW&^$1*OF*.%4IM62_FD(@$\PR87XWY$7E5#2
MBR\]YHFI








M)(+JGU2DE:R@5] KZ!7TJA&R:E6(3*8HI^F
ZT\ YG^



&)A


1RR

;?G]T=6&;EO^[^\?U

QW^M;1#U_-V++T
MKZ

MB*1#4O!O_W/R^80
&==C&O.GTJ(LTNR!9%RFI$A)6F:$S24^_9;?.XM0W+!A

P=Y
/^\




MY)U8



$_

M6;I(#-0';\VR;BW=*K*\$^S2(D6B=NQUT+!9\@Y]AUD#M#00G#9FS43/)/0$


M.[8DGF_?$9L#P'38A P






H!WTGXXMB5EO0+WODB /?PF^$WZ,:AM
M&VY?7M?[G07:
43]Z&TK8DDV4'?R.Z=:(#K]OI&^^WF?5M0+K^UUZ_Y^[MO





9].@1WS6I/IN+.VJ5^+F@A
2\7$=/#D6*S@_?R=HU:ORED

M#A/_55(9I8LF':[&29U0Y-.U
^@;_0



R]U



)U4$B6WCB;F.X?51U%U#JG9M

MQH1CVL9 7F $F  F

(02A$?NTI\S9&GB&?X&CKI@
MA$^P.N0\/+[ANVJCZX#7H!7%^$UZ!NN*2TQKO7P0FCW_36C6*_7P#GU%H:H






SUUQ_L($M2V.$O9VQK&LFSS



Q82&BQ?%^:$$HR






M'48RIME?[)5D[@








N1$%]-)SM[-_WC_-;DMAK^\+_%(D.[:O:;-=S9F(^
S



M'\7Q-LDACNV?70[

M7!E%&@@)1C2YY:\0)=./-



MD
)T# 6 FVI0)]87BT^_C?-XA#Z _W94G^VZA+3Z%X[,E7JC,8T:HXX]


MKOL 
4 



 %-W
MP609ILWQY

*&(C84L:'8HM@+ J
(C$J4X['E&HXKKXO?OH+K=LH;

RCI]^0ZQ$CA3AOF00TRQXXI
@=C4OV
MI#ERE).
#6
6B'/A$U8=[KUOX.N9

G 9!.2YC*EXF


M([S)^&\9

M



MJ _)

W&E8X8A/])A)LI/G&EBQ;_1M+D625=\

MLZM+TS.=?K_G7[CGWMGIZ5G?'?1MOW]Z]
-7 E\6U'7$?Y_\RN[)IY3[=
\*
MK

J.F8^GQ(KP;JUD8%9^^TY^WU_KR-E^_(RV^7)HAMI%6^L?9

_N(]$+A
15YEWB]EA
M)V%S)5S)[X5:+JFE(SOM7))T9=5:JU?KM0G#LBHEH*O05;FZNAK/@:Y5_74
MU8UK@.0X!NULYC /!\G_4Z=4YX3=2/ZC
A+B'I-XZ0TGZDS2^I8;(N8OKR

M?8?K

104F[069?GC2SAOH+J3\GF$Y

MEN%[BNAO%XDB0-@$^M3.?P&'@D-KBW-8AFTJ.G)R&X$V0O%4K^5 DB!)D*2&


9XU ID65'/TH





M7A5'S[.


M(J]/8_Z]I!EW$N.'JRBA21#1^$

[ OGPC_OGWJGIMGO
M#\Z]68?&TRNKUV]Z+O

Y^F8*^##E)8]VQJ\G[9N%!X-%=T;

M/

M/' --\08)_P%Q#HE-$A8
E*DI (H'\#)03I2'@RFR(%^.0=::H]-JR\E^]GU

M6$/V:%6*\

-FZ7ID)NLA#&A4U*5W;,ON&.9VM--E+E5[.'!D







%'ML657W@Y4QYD(&3)KZJ@F
M+./C&8_3A.0CFK%W6RC;XWN\=GB\ B%VDKY;9MZ@/] ?Z _T!_JCH7RP^?:\
M-



M












M!%@+/%L.8[A#]#@"P %N@RUB&[8 %9 0G- J.*I7M@C



MZNY-XQD(J2*DND6
8W PB71[8:







8?
MDF&:C:O$C6OQ]&LNBK



M]\H[.ST]Z[N^W;?Z[M$/7TW5LMBOHS'+R:_LGGQ*Q_1Y-EJZ/8X2]G;$*O*S
M;//-^Z6I_[/


MTK(@C 8CD@Y)P1]QGHZY]CY




M\EUY^88$_MOOEK=


M(]11%ZDV+^ZE8HOU/TDDDM _%[1@M79&;!E@D5K3IM0:RS!-WW#-OJR7UV4V
M$?D&$X )MF

'AB


Q

GBFM42L(K2'[7E^3V;SVV.//T9O8(*O=

E




V_]
6&B'LMN9;S'TS'+,L)#0+.;J+UP3#-)U
LO1+-*8%BQ_VW@U_
M9AR6]4;1DXTF#EED'Z@:MJUJV(^*E95.)P*#4H8?S*-.;$)72I&C RCG.&
M/'!.S0E+0J;L57\J$[;P21W3(+:YIAF4YGK&Q[Q:8BMIQA3J&1_V:NZP+%%G








MI3CMJ9N1C9S!G=PF4OE-'

M'*\VQT?G








M:)VL7@AH A8'A0&!J.O9HN#1QVHGV^?'7ZA6;!:.&MVI*]U;V[SM8*M37)


\%O^'CI&H/LG







MK8
U_ ?X#_ ?0#3P'^ _P'\ K.$_P'^ _]#Z$^N^)IG9R1BV. :C=L+9N'N=
<92PM[-M
M$




ME
CW(2FR*

MT82-CD:H(F@
- 8: XTU7!5!8YL?:VGTS(T75R PN4O/=JTPSVD^(AD+6'3'
M0C+

M\NYS
&)A&;./P\\CFK$SFK/P/!U/6))3L4KY+%8LLUY[IT$1W47%P[7XJ6LN
ME[.8_^


M9H&40JB$SJ1*AFE6W5R




G?SY#XKVGR]H[E8N]][=X\







MY*.8O2WO1-ZR&=K39;*V/'G5FR!KP*V!\E'M:ELGEK3D FA/E\G:@6
-KM8(



M+XN

M9;&!(95BO4#TSD!^2D2AD@:5)M3$_2?/9UQF(JJCJ*E!0C1H(RRQC_F2V7

M^&.3+$JSRA/+54!-7:+\H3'8

M8H 8((;8WB8B_




L9G

MDYR7;FC:5SW*^.WT)A-VP$NFU*@G3


YJ3H!AG_/KYJ^A+AW




RWL?


MC^OZ


M[I&VM 97D5@/LHD+S
KB''FZ<
ME]:B+OJ28V_5DT,6I-.]AG?\;5DFHD:+'9[/8H=GM:N=9(3L&N/,R\DSTRBJ
M6%](31A,BNHAQ];T, ;^()E^H$;:TV#.TR4CL@E2A3I'362*M01ZJB+5)L7
M]U*QQ?HDQ1!+.'UC^+JDA$LK)%#WS@HJG@S3] W7E%86H
ML(O(-)@ 3;

MGFMX VG=(W6933 !F !



9!':D1!Z0 J1?Z+AC]/B %2 %2$JV4
M:0%2'8M/:P=  Z+^XWWS$S?,'UT*P6\ \5\/(LP[3E54T#7H 7X+7(_[1]


M%QOV@LY 9ZS.A-57%M1!+N+=+:TL/^VH/S5UUU_L($M6UECTSQ=N!.XZTD
M1@(6QS/0?']D'E6?N3H$\\]K1G(=C5E.?F7WY%
ZILE[\MR0UD5;[J.P&+VS
MW4V ^10



M/U7S;@T

F]-0R(LOL1.Q_N$4?!\5
M(_ZN_-N\S&@2

M3&KU^'S#]E7ZLAMZ?)7++JY?D

Z



\@^

MQ3$3NV\X W5AI*_!MWXS.$Z%+:\*33/F6P/$^#J/KW*I@B!



MX=+;!GR:6?;LRRX]=67WN'I*Q
UD

M;91
!TG+(IU_
:W


U$T$ZU?

M6W
8-T@

-GIPCK%7UK-

5QX%Z8($U1X1
-%B3/B.9YBV

WI^8;3



MCV7F]7




MA[^[?UQ?')$HY%_0H'AK^GW'//

MYF59QJ^4L*R;U@
6)4T_BLO?1=QEC8)GDN-FLC7(3+I5O=%3^9*Y@
F+*E)C


P\21.'Q@?)'\I<=$P2F@2
(.
2@X/_L \+;. \9^)
MDJ$H+*L&7+!@E/E\NV#06)V2^-J%.)5^2#&-/N+8(@PS()Q/7\[B$-HC@J





O3
M(IG\Q.Z9 X'4


TI!/YQ6?\]GSBQ$M*JZB
MW-K0F:$07X21&(;Q^&-/!_+XTR$W:HGX(N-_9E5Y]HRGGXZ&DE\$(9)SFL4I





OZM$+*I



\W@
1*9)D8K0*P$_VE%R





A9/ !
I@^%OLD,
M,ZR-461*CGXA8;1G3$IW[&H7R;9G!J8-$]L




MRE]*N*JJ[4*2DR7 1\J&D3K4.)*2%)\]9=Y$10HLM4%* =N9#=+!WMD
-V@5

 JN_F 5;XRX.(K



EQL(#H6[JZD

A



M8;J




*T^JY:Q-^VA6ZM^
MQ


NB)YE*\(+*[N1SXI_OLH+XZN@1)@

MT-!Y0

LA
MT.L8X!\

FH\H(L7[0B85Z
DF$VP#%G#5K22/H%[[
.UF?J#WKG(!34.&


M71(=)8F):L17L
58BCSKYT!MSFS*O*RE#







M:)5FFQ_58!6)9XLD80\FID_&ITQ
=(OM)$_







QB:(BS_4D\S*CZ6
.T7RV:E8,\<]4:$L3CRZCF)@*





M=WY'!X.X$%$_'@+W0^!



Q*DK(N.U)X-OAH^5&TUF7(4F&T#%GKC*E?

.V

MPM_-./.D7*)RDA-!%M\CBWMOUF!14?;9!



M?*=U



@:

MEFK*0@Y\;@BD99HUB+U6O:HA8N3%$NV^]JRLM2[&UZ%POD^%YS(9G$ 4'B[L

1[1


I;SL.MH&'NDZ]T?;) J*?3;=JF+[J
MVW6XQF3-_>R5SNO4@T9>+.T8Z*E_J6WW]0X/-*19V1UXFX5D#T_.:!O
M0(N$BS-_+.3
)L8P43)@-
RV.&;W_15^XAQ
3(X4Z/4(H!
J?9Q^PA7N2R:O
MIU2R=L!H*9@]2MUQJI1
LMA.+O$
#M+J.1BX'A?% D$$!M&0 SI[S+TH9&Z:

J) 065#Q8
)$7C8KU



[4B;-[*]T3B1[9#OGU_Y



MS@*W#




;;5




M$HL8+!VH'C




MM9A= =T3:F9DR8OD_NRXPD+N?KH$E_&+Q N\_D8=HH36F6-S?&%A.XB-E
Q.

?!TP M46Q





MKP_K5)L= NUKZEFN!]:3JX6OLJ%

MYJZ81XO;Q=

5&H,+G];ZE*
M$C]'U%LKO 3.!IP^,[U:4/6N7 74K6M6:FGK\5%'Q3S^Z5[WTJ/4P[$MN@W8
MGQ$(<()G]]L4BYM'-?V=;=KYB1(3*/'C6]GQ%80



MK:ZDZ5L5

+67#3#[8J!






B7!=\&(
H2V3UY$#T2L.WK@_-'EF&C@*
MLF9I7ZRSXTAS4=2=\FWECPMU3?J5MK*58
N&U*YH]X:+T53
*Z(5DSK(LD?E





MB3%'!ZP@#QP5K$?
33JT\
]9&
)HDRP
9Y(TRMK99;\&[$

*XE:*#5H]C\EM0OY*BG*CM+9_2U
M\B@S?3:;4RYG\5&@3/@U2'1M-F
(E%?@_H50JW%+/2K7D!7EI7
M6/IZ%,J=6PY;Z<;KH/&JYF7G?G&N9_?L=<_NGQQ[S
93/D\L85TPHZY%P&$



M9

+#9


MBB4?JF69#G@DZ3Z%;Q+?IQ;W_A*0^H]=@S3YIS[30+3^E1Q/14%/6.A)3B

(
'^L)F(RUE_'!'? ]][S41<SOJ#B-A M.<7*1/A2X2L

92\?!U=RPN3&X/M
_6@




MQR*
.;HHD

^4_F=Q0LHZJ&=LM_5*&?7


\8


MTEJ4[-1CK 2) JS=0BO)_K #4;1#5[EC)T$4S?74&6R/VQ#Q8A?1[?_ACCB
M1FQVS*XAWKFK:*Y]O/.[%&$MIW4P1$R;MWA74D$4X[G#Q/Q_HY(W1O_#W$;





7

O?


H?X4(18S\Y?=E



M

M]3A7Y/KN4O_LZZ7=9ZA+?B]_^Q@S+RLE][.X/WJ%]LTH$(^QM90.87*\!W0
MO73@02J]=N#Y=1W3C[]'O\YONDRI]K%YM_8^+O,\F9FYX]Q?P*)TJRWE/_I






M3R8U5E=:#\BY%/OM6+WT&P=R'4-[D^)XJP(
WO7)V@K\5$(%NG%J\/(T*@4Z
M

RZ]HIUJM]:<1J77#FRWS][;WQ_G
M\LC0[%RJ]3R&KO![<5LMOB4HT1M)\=YU ;KT%<;4RDV8$7 'PZ9R6?T[VSB

M)B[ &I_5NWC-?FGKU*73B0[5O7;+Q(

M-(?Q;((]=^LCJ(Y%TR+)]

MO_27N'JL(VW:%F.VI?!/(%&

.V73GD*OC/_GVC:KV
P^WT8$


M$](5'FXQ


MS+?3C8^UZY?)?#3FF5WFW



M[K3WCBRD+SYE/FJZ._2?54;

-S=V!^(&!UQ='8PLVM]C.I!/#
M'$.\:VQA[)/P-DTO-R==3MR]&?2E(XNGI:O0D6[_G3RI!$&A6@/W7W/A_?IF

-F5:OZ_NZ^K':-W.-KQ

UBPP;+[NZBP7I5XT
M.]D_V-=[6



2^6NZVTQW3*XRTK0J-
-#E$





M(HEZJ;.EP11'A!.*1()\1B\)9SE03H?=.)/+H.HIT8Z-Y?QR;:M(I-=\Q]
MH55%1;QS4B'
*
A%.(6D#!XQ):/!B7DK.^Q@R#\;Y#I)MEB8\DC4H51@LN75



M-F:


UC9A3-OG
F;ZA55RD8VBB7Q9S?Y(R^M*@LI9&Q3QX
M^YA%I)*2B E
D;)2X&2
Q*H#:(HO3-ULU;Y$5 H$^_KBM]5.[DCB3@G/ VAX
MI&4EN3'
*H&




'F;\_+G7RYTOE
!Q12](B+E!!W+$)?2)4!.%H/WM_:/H^4J]B*FGP


M7&2H 

M.]O







M]/2K#W8?Z0[R*&='KNS\JLZ5EC?]!0S^^/M.=;48\3;-*YT/G&#ID-;)(AI$

!HT4]IP3
M*PCMDMU0TA3IB*VR0BR:3KN;+JTS:;]]OG)!RY1#YYT



M-N4WMVM]F
7-Z

H!JQP'.Z


#M-7B^]ZXK/P*KPPVJA)T)
MF@KDX -B*@7$ _QJ8$I9+8S6ID
]RC*1Q1%AU)M4BVZRO[KY8.LF0WQ[&^6C

4()]QPTZ&\1YE@XXBXZ4VJ14/4.9X*


)'
GQ!4W:0[
+Y


!2
\$A@!X. 8R[=*0))N6*G

GYD)TA1.E



V[^$(V@^
9&P^]*


BM&]=
+(&L(20\ALIZM5RN\VFI+[W(%ZRTU%F'



NWO%^_M[W^O5]?YZ#YP
M#O/JY.

T@/7 #.OB+(Z;$EK$HB\G^%+P
MW(8$+]/=


0:V0B2LUC 4!$IDNN0 #;J[DLA



!0ID6^PIR8RSA-F


M#YV+G\B0%:W

.$4Y.(A4PLHP#3@@_=S=/62(


PF0:YV&'YX0++ 7L8MW
95E=UC8
MG:Q@2@S3TU

M-T)C(WY3.!'F:WVUN^7+?W[?V/G2^ET)V

M4\!(4:QIT)9CW\\]?V
LJT\(Z_V
3;%]E_L=:[$J'FE5:\=$Q0CXBT%6\80
MA VA2.$@J69$4]FJ$NM@R23W _6'DT6^/%=%HK/8(MY9C6*.D:DM8/A5%&'
MH!P)I$/27J'[2?H:L_N9&YTD-04-WM$0O)4CB8%*[YA-PAF/0IEZ*TR&'N



M#ALPFK#1_=RC



MNI_/U\L5*'Y\?==8;I\L1/\_\B1QC.H54YKCR5.!O'D)

;2P2.H.=ZP4C )(Y$8$4<$
MLE@)E*RD2%$3L//:!]O/+M%30DOO

MZL\/*Y S*54!3'LL:4 N*8
D V'2?
/(IOR^# 3[T$&3%+KAIR]LE!/BV6!Y
M?EW']./OT:^S3KM


M);Q2Z/Z=OF'1@Y2*Z1'PTC[5L]FKFP^V;O):^4B\]G#GPWDI0'*\OD.R08


 


141


M@6N-)&
N'PS,HQ8XA:&*5ZFYTT,1UW3NX]5F$JMA?3(Y$.K#!QM%!P5B%OX
MS\,LTF;R1U'.'Z)%KY(IM8SD?KZ:+U?-.KLSO\[M-@\FAHVV6L]7;YIX4Z]O
M8/IM'ETNUWD',J?C/1=[8ERY2AF&






M3


ME!/0P9WLL=[[S



LW]G..

=*8R%1U
D@+:A P3@8S&@4



)81.A.5(BD:+43
MC@4[^1.J(Z'J_N(_THA


OR59.9\L-0Y
KT02(D1X
MI
%$WUD_21O%.ERC5*B\T9CH&V$$IJ@HS[Y;LK^75



M-60H3'SC$T

;.Q%
CSPNHV(]7YF14O2K![IW*J(?HU=)

D5CI(-OUZGQ

M

MN=RM=W)\

2OC

MY#


MR=0J3!5X0):@8*E#5D2)/,24:8U21K^QWBU



+LA2TMA=#O\OKR7:)^_A+?01 AQZO
MO-91



M418+0S[
21D1#E$CP9-#7&GXQ,"A%'WZZ61MN3<M]*];8&


UX


(T-J5=




Q


^@ED:/UA$7W^
(VQQI=/7;GS\C?-



MJ#CYDZS#PZ=W(9;6.UN+ZAR]\T#+:E.;3'F*

MDV

'JZ4?-(RXIQ2EP







MLA Q(MF'%\P+A*7!*

MMZ&6'W_WFTX\J.0Z4JRD=5@&FQ P&1%TTJ#$G-T=?*/@9;E^CF8]$4B5E^?(


M!ALC[:QRASI*HBNOH59FK;FU%O3PT=5




M



J$




=FCG2F77$AD[ !

=S&QX&8+\O
MJ+3Q


VZ'S.V'@4
MC8;)*TE
L.B(;ODR!?*SQWV.XE _8DHW()I#N&_[YH?GLU?]

M@X]/7\]7?X)=U
_++#]_'4&PU?O#6W3NKU#AO'WN]


M@+6XS\7Z


)=?UA93$;

*=SLQ?J_I)8
M-0_;-.W/]?P*UIY\DG9G!0;H7?QZF9SUT1:-%M%/<8[7R_F5Z]AWH1M^MN(

M29ZRQ;=UBU_-P]K'+


[D




M &AA:6XM
C Q.3 V

2^]*G:^9@
MS?*TTO+8SJKI3W%H




K

M _5#1F6^G#]J^P0N+J_
:''C9]FWL]Z+HP-T



&[^6*9K\Y1[6H


\^E=?-;EE5XMP@064:G7H\4T
M/.'/%T$UJZWH-/3/WNHOD@IS9J(S9+V'0Q7MM8JW127J4XWJN#3XV6\H



M*7?U1^Z44'
3_2:+=W

N4M5B:YM3?5#GGV=
MQKPWG^6UT\W4%MD!#,Q]KX;+KUUQ1;6RV2SA^T+?+*;1


]VII868D\
MT*'Q:2UVZ8C_)YO.E_\(OP1+O-0$3W3M:JJ;M+'?TN5--GEH=H8 U!FW42+#

I8G1%3;K$I


X2EI

MEB=^AOP?Z=?L)%=?%NE_K\)[Y6)H\?3D#K1O=5)E^7R\6\-3+!;=:; YKJ;C






MT2RPDU
M%#EHL:9

C(!OM2I-KC?M8&<&MI
MZDDPXL
PJ0)GN5Y%:%YJ7FH5


VZUP0+9@F(.B!BV MD<0T]*2B.X
M_0@2
^KP8 ZHKYQ556G[.M*E9LNS$99+E)(][^97)$)LX9)I&$<(0



M(\6U)]HR@(/VH@4V9LT'PI%W&OR8^0+82XLH%DQJJ0-$F
F-DY(PS^LH)5WF


&H7D+

)( *R\+
M32S\:E^'DEK?)]8:8F\YN4 A8N.K8YSD
KQ

M


M3
3H%NPN


B:8PI99B#DM-EY$G:E^&K-Q+W@7_&X%M*[\.1MU

S0-U


M.80'I5_ 8EM2-_ZGU'L_7D-A?A?$R7JWQ^HA#7D3Z)-]I8S0G6DA
O!=7.



M4D8DL@




:)#IN:<$&#DP8[
MZ0P!A84Z;#9#3



\[#!J/
Y6ZY7P0Y[-
MP\?QYCC5J2H YXR3 

M!8SJ[N65FF3KA**3=?GW-4^PTY (PX!&SFONH=M1!@$S?)@^LY:YF+4&W%L2


2^NC1?@GC)FINFBO@):).!_UM

#

WROA%8.G
BQ=
3J_R^W#*_IW7B

5

I\O-
MOA<3[H[(P9-V0'!.K8.:  8A1)P+8O=D9J UO#





P9:PK@$



O+[8

MHK

I&G8;GPH_%T%MZ4BS+% (_U2[0W
M!)F@?G%&B
/$8+/1P# @ +%2MX1U1^_)DH'^B2$!^,&,NYDHPB[
S6WX
!
MU)@.IRI@
]QZ7LJB(5P&?9@ZOJ0/1?=/G%!YV3A1G #!E% NJ(K

MR!A/

%NP/NA9PZA4YM_G-+^]R$:G;EE_TBJ1 %KK.( *
M H&M5AR:8F[:PRZ/A?;L5IP5&?5=#89G>#30Y,$6 %T4#HM#BJG5Y( !8M9
M$4NKWRK
#:X/3#\I-JS[[FB2(<(4D@#[L$< !0VQ!&8%DX%?*UV'54:[7



MC=2:QMTHRVLCTEU0I8OHWD0==E8G.A4^9U][1,!K*/0.:$#6$'CQ887:AA


&I

^HGQ

/2 ($ TDT@6-?F0X4I5KWK8_='5TDS*.D*K^CG)


C0.3^EO5@S:1*OZ8E#E?'N8D,5!V^7:(^+


M:=69=(3;M9!Y*WP?I$W6)[L;VG;=*L\VF3?C^_CTX]OO_M9)(
Y0916PX1.%

M=



M'3_=I&G



R?<ZX6!J^'AX/:

MFWGOBB8T5WXR_+^B*ETSC )1I @[VE6C#-/
M?T.@539DXIRR9W-Z







M%IQR(R30*J&($]@I#QFPEL1+SS;T6TAK% X$KTMBV@&LSXWJ]_EJD4Z*Q=%D
MMT$CCV^#3]






]F0M[J31*Q

]*T^R
M&2Z7NK/W/(BZTH*:NZ?5.P0$I);Z*U6CL8:9UOZ--9TFF6#?&LY(6MU3!Z

*
&8*%#B -$!7NI:FS^GRWN?!TH_

5!

MP$



II/W


M%

MQ


M$5&B:^*I]H2A




M%:]NUPH@3IF0@'



MG#$3WK9@3QP


2TPT]9U6G2B



MU 1[(QRTQ$)H#0X*&U-LAY.DU66SM;-_ Y?-F@@/4!(_Y.G=:#H)[]GE\B;-

#W





$..!E\)KJ*1FTE#&
M2($NHJ:ZBM#BK7JO3I0;Y

MK-X$\PQ7W(GJ9E:+U_T-7VH; 7N  OK

IUX6
LUQ9/F3?Q

S-)EM*

MD+@8^+; 0D,X$(AN)LIT=5=L(,K$U.:)Z?+Q)P'6F7V?IB%GU^GLUGJ1_GM
MXCA[]S9.!*%424N!%I@S+1 V8#M3J8'ILGSF?8V 7?6
![57\P/'TS
I_^/


MQE#H7.6T;)&^U]+*=7J%]:#O!^C 9Y6JHL4UW
WG)1KT ^Q]Y[205 \3@5


MT3OQDAG+%;10*84YC&9:4.W)@8.,#5WR&+8'O)UEKV7)%ZDRV6\_\KD:8#K
MR/)VJFNG
9&(&LHT1!:Y3PH$-):UTCM;BU)=LCRTQ+L;0J/^WXWW=;K2/-I
M-JDA3
^'2JSB5A#L)&0240D@-(4_32
MJ]=);2VQ]2T(5TTVMEL84+C .OE
MU6^C[]/;U:W-1]]J-R^X1++



M_7E^80#G%Z3W@AAB=:,$P^$B@+EA'6:;AZD.DTI46ZG_
+Y['OQTL!-YXJ
M9XSQ7#!+(;20V (?RX0?=@;/T(2HH5SP:DSY4WB?XS3(5*(?5&8'='Y!V&#E


M\339(H;UXOT]BT_9;%_.6@.C)D%O)1X%$\:PL%80+ V&!4Z.6?5CY]9V(+ U

MZS'DK9R0 4H)8SF1


RH:4U1

4]
M5Y9/C9=0PFG @S



MU+CDK[7+4U^#0/?%H%Y/+*VS90X=3=K.JHF'9^-59'PL@+G&Z-T\[%^W3];[
MUA[N1OD\%MR




M5X+P

E

..MY
.O19] -^5
MT*Y?JX_IW2H?WXP6\:SR=3ZZ5:OE399/_Y5.-I.'1\2RY @)Q$088(P+[0
MC'+-MH7_C
?0#/\0.^UPZT_8K6QS1B'W!Z(..A355I*S-H$MX^X*!P# C.

(*\?'
;_:-*AP?MLGC^AH4PPKM'G)$H12:DS$D(L,&0LHT!0R3PU)3*DQ@N



A#.LI&=.AK?)
M


M0J=)TE^P7I7]X_



MZ!!@'L;F6WG336(E90%X!!!R@-YVNRH)1Y4%ZK6M/*6A:I1O#K*^N9[C:8
M0A)ZM0C:SF*AQL$.6A1DG\Q'.]8MZ
QAKT%
N7C7@E76.^2TQNL;S9AU/5XR





!6)QCA90C*:P.O'
MD)5!*1'#%9&&5(7/-ZE.E\LTU^EH'L__CN;WQY6%PST2:C4CL1@'=TY2 0!0
MA?\ 6^@&F-+4(!^R-CJP]?_S/(_%C?3]97Q7Z/',2^E#)[NF6A(35!/^80
M.(0ED);L: C4#] TAZ?F\6J,K_-;!3F\?M_7Q/L/=%PP1X[!4F&CA'C6?2
M.%HH0


^7=IP7_O$8L
-



11D-P$=2L
M?190RT]


U


MM$T

L?4'_2(Z$:R[!D 8^9
M!L(:K1#9T@AC;88._9M'SZ'7X
[!P^=UD.CRC/GYXK$
^UA\6K&A?MH\?'$B

M+C'8
ZAA4-$9


MV=4_LZ#+'6?=BX9!

MY=E=6NHMV]


.=D8--TR^F@]
MJ$/-$\,H4<+*L$';L&LS8@TM*))<T6%:DDVPZBW:Z'S%O@^*%MR*.SNQUFP

JPO_EX0&E+GT&L^CT!K50!J\^FK U8NF)[
ML8E]S&8SG^7?1OF^-)@CK1


(JS<L$
MMG=M$X*I6\ETUASRF%8WZ@J:-*$5Z__W)J'J@UV5\6C:QZ_N[T;3?.H2<0T
MVA*


:II-84ER9KIMAP+J=IEJT'
M\P0;QFO0J8/OYEO&[:=7W_\V^J\L-[/1XE0RX9DC)9YZQE18(2WB#/NPE6\-


^'4D[


M($$$4:I

M1;E3


D=@L$JVJ#@/Q0#O(6I=G%I'L3OUZ
4N?YY*=+I[H@5@%&L0[V:2


+I*LMO1T\J21V+




JW_9%C*O#U94 M%/%#PGH*)4BF.$:8^_690NVM(9?JJ?9=59V

3NGB%L&?\55?X*\VGHT7?JB'TNKD^




E1$#3+=M-8[?)GC]I]S^ODBO
M5K.+Z=71F^E*=$\

M?.VRTS8UTF E 3HZ8F(\1LAR DW8/9DG%&!;X!-6^NHRU;:MW;5
-0GC0/(@

SLLI793(FCS2*Z&6
M:Q#
(48QE
C(^N[]#XD#8LIEP

MTN-QQQ)=$\E$

MOHFG&

MP51:'E\\_?G'*

MWGHCD$3Q\D K0'A9=G3[3LOPGA,)IEX0J&K#U17 O)RHL]IV;@W\W5;;::
M'RNR=.Y05&*&@^-C0JT159@J'=OH=8#LFT*#HMH]:1M_RQZ_A1F?87[X6:
M3RZFHR_367C2*4]R.X[M1[/;?*W3JRQ/'S7I85:#*4VPNQ8N7A-@PJSNKS;R





;F[39J@-4%=L#U
TJ[5WX_]D7Q9J


\8MTM
M-'G0QJ[GTW^M9[\U/H^O*GM[)%A X)RUR NDJ0-.6U30%];7&N$5\!I%HAF8

M1K'+5^G#[P3%GF5LYS'XD
Y'LYC9J.:Q!$*:IXNE&H_S5;HO[;Z!41
!A69*









(V39_M+



EB2BHE)A5/P[1VMG?
M-F6A










7P]FL4:




4XI1CB*DD

'M1D+](QW^]SK[^

M(K_Y(WYOOTY^U7N8^_#'1%!CL5*22(B4059S+Q[(I]4W\E:*LC0 ?%83@@YX


+98SR!!-2IA]9E]


M[

](1@+
M(ZT!C@JE 07:*(LMXLPPIDVIA)*V
SF/$')&G?


_K:ELN5NT-#%\<7!.E4;R<4APJ$_V0S



W.=L

D]189P0%@3Q:VE



IKM:Q\-QNYID;KZO;6PU%#!
M!;8

5/Q4.70QG-1N;+HKQU?Y?S^[KRQ_O;V\6\7'^\



MW#AGWU
 YP1R!CH
 E
;2IW@QU.
N1Y]


T
&
VOY@@0C4$BI#$92!.4


%)E)7ZK6[C;\X4 @,A: *ZCO@5
MP.LF

MEJL=A1)[:E6=\UV71
?*$H
%+Y?57_5E5+<F_U!NRO6W<M,AEZG;
MPK.D/- :L$8!0X[X@1L(!-$]' B7
QJG=*9$C)%-0* 8^F([9



^&BV:GTZ\K^!6&VN)IL@Y




M
JAC1LMFP@Z*

MF8[7'4?N\AI+LXLAB(Y-#NKGSG#QMMKW@#OMP6L;7B!#(:

MRJ6KV^B'W]=5;4RLS8L?R_6WQ;S
3+

M'U2B_*TYDS!#-2BL*97]%];:JNR?'%]PCG''DIMF0:6(J/084V4NWR-?7T
M(]&/M!X


H/*F^8%U-8
M1I

MT-2#]-@WF8,'5&.8B0X,,XBA9H0?2V5@O$FT\N/RBO53X;]CH\DDIJ)J!C
MVGAH.16$2-LB2$K\E52!J!3)]=D'$*O@_K9:2JY$#T[?[0TDD.+*&0*D[J
MW@^PF;#5.C






JIK-0R9JA2PC$5V4ZW#




!0U+M] A)+@^
MKAM[F5&9XIZ(5PG@Z$G _Q
NG[#HRCXTA,%9$0BZI#S7F@-PH09:N:L%1TS
MO'=L$@Z 1S0-/Y2;;77[[VJ]O&DGW0\#ZF=PSS(BPXS:9& 6C?RHJ94910S


M'&]6V]GJ\R)(#?O2F/IAC\ARMCGGZ;SP385FV@7QD3J&'21!<G2PD4^-D#W.
M8';]$M@XF&;8X]KJ/?@6;4^XFV%((0)'&!P=0=/29V6QYP:A&VF8EYR+KB








M/2.0:Z


!


MHWQNF9M3Z[R@K&*_;Q3:@2#J(DX8-U@SIR0%!QR5Q73
LJOMQ19'9)G3I1A'



MTX7%FCC!@^PB

-!

MRIM#9F=KX853SQ2




M&R1+P8W5SB!L&H09]?%Q8]/9-#)D_&&I$!]:7'_^CY;Y__'P..3I_ ^U8][?
M?IJM/Y?;@Q7G9$3RL)\IB(*U0(:(PPAC[K7&3:!YP.V1HG7Q[- /GLS]_=

M:






&=L


$AD5S8QJ3%Z&H1X!9SE6;QN7T))2X#LGE0QEV

M&W
*!4S$APKD7.!IY..W+^H9MC74W2&$6L


MFGKQ_12XYUOHX]GPMA#IX?P2'57?IK]K
M
AE?G2PE

Q^T#2D/
MX!!&])A9=I$!BI.P2I4*X;$$RQ



$M;
MLDH87EC).#&.F#L8E

M@VB' \H
6*&L L:%#D
M 
:K\\ENPUS8=#(BC

;1ZB-&

M:HU.:LPH0MP$+2K()@F5&1BS'H&X_

MJJD@#@#_D9$%K'XLUCU]78Y5(6& K0B1


N

M/-$0#Q(L



:X_65IK&





S\?[







$*Y X)!
M ;F2S=HTZ6

M!@E45\\[4(
['I\XD+/K.EK'R9DVKVBG[/









XN
#4#NB_M@[JD$/?*^L\N1Z




MV$%50D9A1@GU$DH$0Q_..(5/CG-7FQN[)


%GG-A/AX7E








MFK)P4
 /7LYX[1W]]O-]O9ZF:Q^IRN;]^I;Q6  Z*\
M=0!1SC3GP&!UE-W;17-REDG6(TM9PP$_[6P]/?E*'Y;5YLDV3NGOU;8(+UY



WX




+X
M@D(D6!<0T\DML;7704/:R





EM'


M#/_^]M/L[W
PWX\$Z%OL]
MGV]]

M]_T?F_*_[VLSZ+?:^#GZ!Z?V9#^;S]LN?8!./%( :K 4 $AF 8228
&)55!1
M#G;MJJ;S3#^;\ME&/2\


M:XH/3M'NG-(+MY^#9[+T

M9WTYE[RFD(APH8@WR%JB-15([)& 4#CC
BHJFXZ/_)-*N F*AI9\LZ1OCC


BGQ?)FUAX!







M9





MOEF-Y61

+
M*JG57 H@%-)!Z$'
DV953H(QA;O)Z=\;GK&(_H]J53[\8[;^L]SZ^]7-1FW-
M;+VN*S7]:[:\;^. 



[Y
GN]MX T
M;$^&H/%U[+$/TCT[X(6=(7Y
K;35O3DB9U33X9NU1_2Q:.HF*'DML)SQDU[T

9*LY

M(52 8\Z=)IHXI!3EI%D?8F[
'@E7H



!08C:C3D%C46: Q(?'Q(





M]4EFX[6A9



C\/]V0E


M$


M2.8H;M99%T2+9HAD]5U2







$T<@(81;H2A[51R'O(E<D
NH-3?DB ICOENT0H

4M('I=YSCA@4I;31JO^IULUT3]6S?GE@


#$Y
#8S


8[+LMKN[K.1L5&1CJ3DCB5(M4D

=W5E)L]O=I
M7ENX3-=UNK6^9?6=]?LVK?ZT;LKBWOJ]*/_
OJ[?O&G_D=7\8I?E?_X+_\^7


JR:V0)#^Q[\_^_EO7O/33AS'

M[V\?WUY4%__
?^+G/+WE?G](RZS8?JK79?UN_27=
1G-T^[*].;E1^S*\LD3
MN$





M^AX!(($?*@ZR?(7C5!5FG^YK=/O:3FCTP&_8N
5\]KH4RK8E]NVA3&U/(





MFH)/!\*CX 

^-\]G-O!@ XPLAET&Q

M]EG]^&M:WQ7;M_G7M*I;NN7;_ZO(\OKO[#=


MJE5JM5*M$ZT-F1JU5B]WMKZ)I)T#C=!4Q2RCA1HK73'-

MM
\&\;F(-7AQ6^4Q.J9N%DW04043@^=X[^1GU_LM 
U4TRI 7HQ09%
O1#;@

4S/E9_

MW@A-6JNYN0PVC2[%Q2GH

M;

CB((QB&Z$NAAOAT)%BC]23

3VB7'BR=.69TJZX]6ER!8QUJW[3YP;U9
EF#A$T&FK3SG

:
M.:A?$W1='P9 $L!*
TJ<8]GT2 TR*$@\&]D$

-*T7VJ4E/5-
M#)
OE/42*




96RE&UV*\Z
2ID$/F^1.Q0PT74D;) <.41ZK(X'JL3M!,T#BQ1  ;*@8NQQ*);B
M#G4W9.&Q\GTGM+W$B3%

MCQPGM'JB!H=Y:  &%OEM7NQ65?:.R2Y9:^BV7SCWU6IMMD7[(137O9ULK&

M&'=0C1A75B_




M
4:U$!= 



6[Z'_HN551DY;5

1E7YI;

'C=T2;=\BO;H^8(&- 
&H]Q=%3LKBFL5R#(R%]



Y
MMVOFQR+GD9J/D'.$4/92ON%/$QCFN [I $$&YG;4*CS=,GV=M1N$0;173
MQ&ACV\YS$A:980NSPT9P
H(]Y;!DS$%*+2]26
(TGUPY#BA@T*





7 A*1A7A';C_1#%29)^J=_F55TV9P@VDSZAS3]00BT
M@RA&/B64N(= B=AYF2

MX=XR*#*F (6V-VD


&\4'%TB=52*

M;B$+M$VWZWS+;V3@^W+:OA.\+=/TY+AQ)V3Q/8?:OFO[*(S=&
%. (X@%#IH
5SU<#



(G1V03&J8W2% P4&ZV]7.)+H[:1_BQ@]#:V!(6^MT6N?X;6

-
Y6KD6IJC]BW3#UL@1].#*


 +
M:!AOUOQWF8_47^AZ;208T3W^M[QZ2#?9399N^[WM01([/G(CB@
[\B.;0'J(
MA3VA4^G'19B


M

MDWZZ2]





#DUC]

:YLA%:L=0F*H$L?2R!/\U
MY(MYCK!0\VX@!9BNC64PW7@IS\_'F
15H1TF_\[^\X%E@0]E4:=9OW4V=ES'


W^<CT:$NB*MGNYIQIN

QX6+LDY)?:-9J[LS?L!5U%V/?XG&O?Y^\GR2
M\$]Y0IO?DAF@ 1N=.@RP(@(76@I_U33C;L5(]&XY3P1:-S&[)!LW*V.*1OW


MYV@JB\!%VZH.C:%61TM4E&7QC5];MWY@?U



MXY4$]


Q'
QO MZ






UFP4[D# ZK

]2
TUL@PZ:B_5



M[XNRSOZ+]4NR3J2U82H%=XSK=%D
8A

M:?1[&6C36:#V+LI!SFXV?E\R__5#LLDV65O +P^QZ4Z]0(

 DP4&(G
!W_2CI@P=.!&5Z
MYI3K(VR3+:!_9#_:YXN?Z!+F_%8#6#K7+@.CAZE'C5(NS1^J/[7Z[3:H1.
M3#(Q]P:HIMG^91!.=Z$*HZ^L'/D^L(%8V0['/J:;W;JJLIMLTS1SN/W/?=7
M)25IM2FSA^9C'0@!!C;V \_SH)VX24B#3@;!E$HQ4'MPPS0\%RDY4M+OM1@3



M'#X)63B +;U5L R::2Y38?*EE6/?Q_1KFN]3RHJ
B[R9U/L]J^\PZZX5]VEY

H-1P4W-HXX/-1JW%NK;%;9[)3[SI=EH
B#.:







M FR_IF6=5?QH9]ZLSVD;VW[@N



GT[/;\SMV7=U ^&[5'3@@
M(!%

T/Y%UR:\M
MKCZD99
QA&T(-1U,MPO%*:]J#&P?=M]VC



'5GA.E



M!!

 0K\

E_'S%Y(

[





G0;9G7W0=*AK%=6

M%3KKKC+YUVH9F761SDR^NTRU]H0V1#Q1

ERM?((C.(04D0AM#WL

.J]P
Z+I=@^9H+\]01SU1[Y8+U=


M


M41=ZTXO1.C&;;F3J1EL&.O=K1$92MO['R%#JQ9/

MLO0R5
UY/3G-N.FF\EI?

M=4F







8 A\Y/61

LH([ZK#_FNP?W==
D






MT'1E





M%_:)8P./]!%#?^2(32+.7&32
TZ3
52138:\U
2F90S
CA[)T$G!V8722:4D


1A[+H 

C%C^CAD (?S3@UDH]CLGQ\5#.U_@H
F4UNJU&N
65*V[%
%([6GAKO&)T
M



 1HI
M^[8

3

MT^7*/FZKY[X4=JXR)LS'7_/ZKM^%I)\[VZ7YOTV]O];?E1J:+O8)T$(I^&

/E)Q@K?!]IQ&TQ$LYMLQP8^V\K

MQ$!HVBLYT)W;U)VD/RW$7K!D %)C#%P&A$:5H-#W.HW\/K.[26M]FSHK&T _



=8&4-+/A




5_S#.M^E3F(#)T0TC- FKNL


!322?O.GH\_DBG7Y;E]OK)O=7U_NZ8B,G/E+Z6.QV
MMCY7Z[



5U9;LATU<K?QI<I;D2_!/EZYDRV\N4RG5A'2JHO-GV^K:I]NDWW)
MHGUHF=NPL?G+3A#YGI:;C(E=^3YU(A88 Q1ZD

M+NE7(42GN*73
-J&ZP@.?8-NWE?(
'%_D122($W!BA.$%.3%&O
W'\H!L\D'P[U]#A-87R


M&U 7!=B)HLA%R.8GX'4Z71MC5^K4X.G5F9Z&;W59Z5$8AU5#*$ZLV28W%.IQ

M;+U
U5Q 33D'4U  P)D

MPYW


Q [4TH5_'=FS]1^*(NO
M67


F20FP4=N' ( J!U&





O





4GO3ZNO_VZ9FTW

^T#0]J2F






R
@S3NI%C_;1C__VK]=#(
L9LZ1K0CFR3YILF=EM3K7CK


MS:I9KX;:KD^QATD2$1K['@D2KU/CNPB:F@^7TF X7;2KB*83@ISKVNEOS'#3
MJ&]K9^E4/[57#\*5*NR'X[5:*=7A/

_Y-&
M

M=]3A+ZL60



MZ:TOC**,%FSHW(7 ZF@HIU3Z]O^(&P=5UF7_9ULW6[^)@^%7[T5O_D']

B

&N#I<3+CC
MZJ\LH<0ZXSNRM/PYIQ47T^3L]?-:-KQ;9_GJ+/HOK%G6;_.;HKSO)FB?& #
M91)B!.(H!([M Y1$7B^ ;]P5RVT& AO/5
]PU BV3A2+Y2
3I@]GEYG=ELL5


[\N&9-V_'JJ=;[)UKN340'?BK$KJGV9'@Z'#ET<
_@]ZQ:
MT<@.?3=T0CM





ME




MX@?



AX]$).
N?S D[P

K'WTN^
Z3XEO- R+4#WV:Y
M#V/ 1@:AZP=]H

M0=6P/L !B(7 #ND%% ;PW[U+ +4\X01;%B'858WDJSLJ$D6U*:K08#HZH!
M.?3+7W3=5M?;T^J2RQ2FJTLBI2RHVM1RC_'J$TM5XWR\E-
FJIT%)+^I2EI



M[:DBZR8=^
S
U[@)X8,;_E5\VX9JZ7J\I]OYAWC@U#W[3P&[R5BAT6(D6,'
M8E=%Q%
^F\V@1]1H8\3E!]NN!OVK!7(SELH&2;0E3+ME5QWZ8E-M+%);KY



51Q_1-VS$?]FJ@)Z[)Y&5TO745IC#R(DIM
M7ZWVY9J5F8W$-VFZK2@K*]PTITTQ8'Y

ML0=L5V([JXYPQKO1G4CKH5



M'X7/X@62QJJD5VHT?/&@M
-&^-
W\G/Q


A; -13?UZBS7!A'DQ1J4O$QB3E
M'J3+=






M3*4]U8

MC+.C)BU6$+LVO[L-)&[@N#$ 
3J

M3;

M












I^'48
MDB!4\TZ
=\9MD\.:O&-&V/62*P.(&F7B


M\'
\Y

C).O\C0$ZZ3%*0
M4W-
QV3]N)MT<!]J1%T4$^<@G+H1!Y/?1W)! J:V\
MBC%
;]P]R+(:758SUZ.R

M^8Y:+:Z
H$X[K;K@9-@E]HN3$ (B1UX7G(%\EUI]2CS$

MBUKX

(HFZOI9C.YYGAX2X000]$#L '_I:





)NDIRK.#EK7Y(THD7-S?
M9^U'ES#?MF?_WZ;YAC7.HXC#\4U1P'IN

MU%RK.]'9G.WS1.F3ECC3L6921@XT3#

MAEI!%%$ *8L6H\2QG: /YN!$:NBC&


4:Z-2\IQHHOM+PQJF0XV:2)0)@ $L1AC#V2V#' V.E#(0\3

=K-+GC



R4
MHS+K*$T
**/=&V;*E

+$)XI
FWE.:O;/




,]-4F&NHEL2N#7OFAII
MY=T3@^R+Y;W$UW'F+ M(PM0:'M11BZCOCM^\ /C)*$NPL1W7#\@28C</B#[
MC=!$IH8P
RRGOE/]5'*
FXKKJF:
'+^V*N+A- NL[P0^1-1@ZT(76A4*\MIB
MJZHW:DQZ?)]^PPR$]Q7-=NGV_;ZA(?&Q+-1#(&3. &)?;Z!1W(A$@=K*HC


M/1Y_YL/ZL;E;]-NZW+:;73)(C_$?I+XOATC$&OG?(
?(20+=4]FTZ5Z86D


M#0QXI
R#68Z
?6J$ !



M!#E^S^J[C^FN23K57?;PN2!YG=6/_1)WP.*&?A3:['\#A_U?'!X41*'0A2DF





M$Z4HI0HRG)9






M





M9L7Z[]ERFW-' H=0@M(X8IBY*4
T'[<



#O
M';R!3_^ZQ-:9M]T8T=-XA\VY4UIZ(






%


'$A*$7  )I;BSBQF6;QDP8LVV+AW@J5N3*X7$S R=$GGQX$RJB54'[]6F










MM!SYBM[3;-NHUYL([C3F4^-28.Q^7F/QD!Z!YH]\HK'
;^[_:YNMN9HN7])B


'O-5(@

YFCK$7

2.FCY7(+63!
4#Y4:*MNHT;JJ!MM/&H!]CR[
_@V&0FAV.

*S/(O
M.5*,1KWB-Q_LL!ZZ^Q=H- I7X8G!FU5Z'RG(I;<E$U-F.;V]5UR*#LFI*


M3]6


IZQMG==%TTEV%LLN_@KH%L85PQ


M3_HQ(BLKXI8EM%J(/\2Q:=^RI3@P#6U(MEZ_%*N'Y@ T%CD8$NS[$8[Y_R34
M1ZBS[7DI4I$9
Q9MRXZX?$I4C^?BBWR/4TV #+$K)TC#$ZLF4#M.ZR\.(%Z!
M; 




M;H10S)




M%?^D5R:H2)3&4II1CGHMH8VX;B:[7B9-UI2D1AG[N?4Q10;DYX\BY=B\?.8/




RL2^^6
9'G^:E+T^YH03X-<IC231MVD0RP^-NK^7R?PMPX%N+
M3E4@K89$5CFG$@U52=T'HEBUYR9]J[M:-B78.W(%#EVI2\FM
U?U/ZK] 7^_
M%$!K_K:W%_H + ?TZGH]2^'NDQ&(IA686O[Z%NQQ7.75O \OPP#)W8]Z(D

A!5JKT
M5Z@N4Z*R-&64#9TUJ3&6HBZN04FS
HVW7!7TT54G19]EW^./17;'


O7__?_B3TW^D_ _NNWZ]O_5E


S+M56GY8M07Q[498/Z+



D)UFZ

M-&%9@';;$Y\;6'K[.E5IDYR5V6=

M79F].%&0E_4V7[R7M1GA(A:ZC
\UPR1-/(ICV#580$BIZDYT32OV148 .[=?


M=X(TBM(4NG[B^P'R6'=N=NC$Q%?I6]#X^$%Z&'K/8W5XTZW?&Z6L?]U^[&*]



:;HJU7'9D]N)J$]/)\[
-O4J&!C\<X )79[3)%,O3
M$ECWKR]AM@H2TJ[3PXM[74R28



MJP
S-
($PCB*(Q=Z7D093KLEN



MRA!E

$%84]P-NG[3+;
MY(MZ%8X+W?,Z?\Q7%1_$FQX!<??OIWQS<W^;?9\%#O8AT7(C<






M


%]ME?G





MV*?2YJ.J)GF_9O/'8I6O7PY3J=8BCK+$/43F.*4,H0AW06J9




MWN1/U2P




_3V?5\E*9)
WRZX#
FQ%NO\[




OG98+4)=$H-WUD;CS%DE0A
M:::FIRSRT
^HA:+_TF?9,6ZOL1%M5\65;BY =T5VW6V7PSB]((NC!T@]3S
%L5J[RJT/Q_MD55B+[BK\<_*TYU-M/4N0EH1<$
M,:-!!(-X!\-#6*VJ9-RXY8G-X=4D'6)P/D*W+T<?J/O#02F8B*G?:.&0TT/
MS4?\BT%
.3NH@J;N]K(.PK
-[E%=





O


M'CX63\4F[Z[-8?QC64I\A_+_4NBDV/
[6S!-8AGIZ6?!LNIP7$   P(9:*')


MC4#9ZJ7-WB#%81#[(8T82V#L. YBG37JLD1Z/MO#AFT=JV$!@4MA.M:'
XF9



''LJKPRU_S


MI;5




F

I
M_UX_K9$T
H;:]G4:-HJS@6&#2@.6-6:=Z1HZ0[BGQ.57E4W;BH/5J\R*K/


*(.



UX6O);TPR.0



MA D.E/J5!H9FN\E@!QW



MD']7:@EF;(PC#4

MYO!P5A75QR*[XS_9O'0;DJY7\^5VD2^N5RQ;K_BO53.QI(RBV$]CPJ?_'@Y=


[?*R \!A^$SS^!SFMQ
M+7?G]TA]R[;#*=

MCR(?:'9=B L :ZW?YHM9XA*7N9@/_%Y((8TH0]TY

MY7HSVI;Z\O[4@PT6


][BNP*I%!K(:FNZ!
M-JHLRLUF!B%0;50XY*X#!=!Y[BP?2O.:FS.9?&\ZIY%X]W?CY-$QO7B1+BDU

M)0M%DP^Q8E&HC6/G$-A[=+ WH@(R.RAXO&O/0+8!^V+3P)4?&_$Y5^49]7F8
MQL R


M4X^%B4


MH 





MRN\XBJA K%+&US\\T]!+*YY=S/]

_A11ATF&@

V:
Y.^
M;K+UQL2:DZQ=E9?_+41I'6C!B!;GN_RA6(E]O*(?OOE DRM+TG2;6%JRP?$0




Z?;-YS-==;63FP BY


MB6/B)Y'G8I9ZJ0N[JC1SW4#G*$=CMJ4$H?=)C'M 1IM4%2@VH;FF:1U49W?@


M;YH !FIDI@Y;4'[QSM%TYGTSPNXT7C
SKI06GC[%*[OSS?5*7*LC^JIG./)]
M3(
D(H2RB



80U+G;70HEVHA]D3+
=P#

E].AX^UQ 9
!IGB!QS.7_.:^
M*O[U

M.#L IWJUAPE^Y8:9P:E5&RH.X8EE]19@332(=C2_1^723LCST8YGX;$FG7I
MW1TAQOF2E[KF](%&A&^S[_4(O^S.=VEFJ$@Q#%!20A1Y$



H0H7X /C<3])!H8\OK'/S_5Z/EO


M*WEF&)-NT7K
UCG.^#2:E$]B6U&32H:)ZT7()3&C 4IQR!R?=
:BU%
Z[E/3
MA.5

MUXFO]_7

M3.JC
XM1<ROYOTR8F,OAV-.9Z:TC3[6U?EZN=Z8Z:A4;E

MSI






M903$0$6]^99#7&VT+N^R1;^NY W'NTDM;%%WRYUU]:$]4/!\3 822!E6E933
M:)BF*JEFG;RHM18X[5&6%#;WFRH:XTD
$^B%
?:=@$8D9 D*6^
I\K#35W2U

.[7*8!_RIRJ1_9RZ7!'L
MSUG_:N#G[$5








IPD
MX49*O;TB.0UM'\I9[1*P 8Y[ZG]:K++5_'A=&H=)6F_=C4
OQHSZ;ACO@% O
M
; 
U\?\P




P;2ND;(V4MVDJFCZE^IF9.1J-)F3#*]8I<A23+R4^IZ%.


;#1_.*(TN(Y=DYC$K




W
M%-36=J@DAL IA$=K..R @P/D74]G'917X*_:5J

MD^U+


VXMTW:PIE'6L^_FB7UREGDUOV?B




2)XJAK(/6=./(





@?/RYOLB(OS;:BR)N/XG1%WH*O$B)O

,J*TAVM:#]2\P0%NC
MQN3P;#=^DQR<4QB%<9BF01@QDKH^3#S2N8 @]MO!F:TD=YA/KSZT-SY:69@







ZT(MS;HUG;9!^) R


6UX6 O/9+-&6O\@U8\D\#'YI?^JD^&K'^\<]/M=_M
M?OG\S/[)J2B9;CS-2I_UI^J'U4K[S/07UX&B=TF-J_5F]G7^F^VR_SF_N_9
WZ_PV_[[!/$A_S'R/9^P1#%GH
@(3
M+XT9K='X#



M62X B6LC[QJ00C++AU7Q3Y.B.6#XY
1UFI'3S]V/7.VY3\C%E*V!VUP0VCHU

MO

7H9*0LEHGZ/QW3&

J^FVTD20Q)$3ARF'J8,NRR'?881L;+H=816QZP
M?UL=%$CGAWJ=?Q=?*P[3T^#,9-5T4@$V7%'=^?9ZY+TPBG^TPUXR3=@[]<5



MN/2)5X) 
7
3@]&7HOJCMCKS8!I +R4H9 [Q7)C$3KMY'_L4^FK7N^N9L*SD
'L9D@I-+



1)VI@


YS5BRN

)I(F8\?D$DK8.%C


P




AZ5/

.

MBS
YO;-.EYJJM4SM\? 
'$Y#@OJY\/8^F?Y\]ZV
M<?D*DH@Z;L 2)V8$^3%T.GM!&+'91MQ@T[/(=M&*DK#L F6B$#]+PU5VX3
MU[.R9I0S@Q6UB931=,IGTI1.0VP,^%;+E-D1E9V#E8=SM7HO#AP41R2@$2)
ML.HE$.^

MHF;:J=+J VNP!G: ['#ZF*+ %T?Y)HZ'XHCAA#IQA\0GKKEF*;]?Z5JF&X(
M#)3$!F#?=%WLE;1.M3AVG%?=EG/*$U#8:UZJ%(K


M/#=5.M*EOS7+:OF)/R'UNNL&+%JL8)-]!UG=+O0?'Y9[U#\IMJL88%IV]75(
MDE776EM2.;C7M1J.;[3^E(N

3/H#_O5DC-
G5)XA[%X:('1IN6
MO^O5-_YVE^N7_:L^]TD\K7DH ;\3&A)








PHNE)6S[[4:PLFX.Q:Z#$U+#]F9=6QA-)




0H\GO$Z'AE BE6;:




A ?E0K5D(_#Y*9B(U!PJ?8U?#SZK1;




[SHOC;[

K/:\



M]G1_

:Y-AXYRHN^VVBA[ N8


MY)EB1X8VH7)#R! LJBG_29T?5J)/$'-&6?M2.0U![.U%:?8!
R(_UZOY.L^J
M7!S$M%V*3NF4.TZ:FOKG^B7GO_VYK.KK'S@X#Q%((APGD4\@3C#=@TMBK)3*


A[*6/8T;/

M61@UA@B:]3&C=N)'&S%.



2




3.S! H)%_JQ6IN?Q:VV-%[;V6),3$B_W*Y1-OMAXMX[_:
MFKC+O@^$^GC]N9OCT&R3SQAQ&4SBU.<30NJE:1R2N+43N8A)K3;I?_I0(WB[
MM,!A 8%+?3!7)$U^5+?'E^;P+DN5R9'^%0D7AGP]PL87B)[XCR0!?9A0$8RT
MJ.;9\K_S;)WR[XCFJ\!GS'5\UV<A#RISW*BSQ*<2RI*A^OE#B4:#PA@H$:F
M+AO*U


U



:$Y@A9Q6E'X53

M/GN@_$-@ ATHY01$C2WI#

1J[?PHLNIP768

MA
F


:0
Q\Z+L(I22$GD-QTMI)


P#2(





MEEN1&Q?A$).;\(K(5(%GPT6V1)P^&+I5R&\R^K8B%*A-P5S81^V) J)O&3

M8&@$
QF1D4:P7[)B];&LQ#V;R^TB7URO;C:/^5IL95SGCSE7Y6_\X^;E4SXC

MU/'/Y 
QRA@Y]$
PO7%4

YUX %Q<-+PV[VG

7]@'5*SKF[H?^K=Z4]_M[_H^
M]/]HVG]6JT4:(HJS
/%!Z?8CVB\PY(Y&=%(%&T969XPYMF ^ANFVQ$[=VS


=I=J@B1=6;IH9=L-Y82FFUJ3$Y/.;'K-SZ^EW_F]7:Y;OC*Y'OU



M_ M\FZ87OCJ-W

AM
M%]JN_B_(CMK)_8]MI^N8KY#NR*\%N)KI=\X+I4[VI/NZJN^TBI[F?^B#

*R@SW1E91(K3/LY0Z
C<N



M ^&UGIGA#7_*1U0\&J]Z9-X5AR:Q-#+$O


M@J@@


(U/P6
4:CTIIG3B%

M.'%

MB#9M5=]LO&7W
.'RT=N]V%M
\BJ2+KJEEXNVF%9?*(Z$DY'P(TX/[?I+=UT'


MD@1^QOZ1S4LO1W6#SU8[_K%_8X!KT2MHU[:SZOMO(S+R:PXV2JW(?6R+E%8
M.AO[:O6D.KT@5D8J0]!KU:-&2':@:-2,78WIZ6FD7NO3\1)5D.51#%(285D
M!0K&2U1\41)1U;UV/8.[5;?U2?4NJ'ZG2*\+[/M#?;M'DROFK.3Z)'!+U)AW



G_$9(UI[;NYC!
M3TS5I8EW0TGUFB21?OR93/+[M<'/<:41B% 

)/M!I)L
M50_(M\C%^VV]J?AST-M]RQ\&YF\L/3 0U7 7/



\AD$(QS$3



M)_0]$#&E-$OR'


H
MN





M:1HA6F TUI

N8\S(:9
0*494YW3D
[JB
MQ)

MU$]A@)

: S-++JW[


MZ9













M1U.4BQ^IL@%!F-(\\E$:!#F@49'E (P#QM27[2BH.LQ
BE5WZ*:KE2B9ZDIE

 /

P
MDJ*E0K*[RJ5DC8!\J;
DJF&DN;MK-N=7HGZ 
^/(]* JNJ<]#A6]6WBMM<D/J7USB54W1LYMVN
M

MD!2PR-CJ
L
TC!4
M2%UK5/G]AE5IA/14E^2D2(DV

P4_MS0EDD6


=UUA)'<B)[ .0-






MRP=U4NE :JC5G

M
@ H@5%


MU


B E





MIK3F3C?6CO;


Y'O^O\QVF197*;0?T98






MZ

J.16F['-91 $:5S0+ M!E(9AD0QMZY(0
M8) @TR(L!

;E
2K)UG:PK




\91O7Q_ ! 0;%U\1$#;$-S8NOD)T&Q-?W3S;$U_V


_RD.(BSY$/

D'V[)






L6OR:D$_EQ0$^G6M#HFRTV
#(G</Y[#?T8*&J
M)\1.

M\G\FS7[#GTRZ*?GSW!W\3_5=O6/ $QICFF4@B@E)4.3GT0B




_2S.(YA#1
8;




=@

 ZC(LRC













TLI0U-I[N76_+/(U2792;69X*S] UVQ7UDN=W^]^C.9V3%OCF%D
M'O^/R43

MNCT_O\H_+4

^J;MW_U3
08;S




C&PY\(] +[[J'


MDUFW2P2?599DZK4H9HQQ!P*8.=L:&W-6(FQ]J];L/]VP07\KVW]6._;/7ZLU


KEJP60BR6*AXVTF7@L6&CET
M(#SHM*8Q
]/DCG;ZM5(?CC[5Y16/1W5UB#L80QKX?H))F

H]5&DM.D

N=9
E8P)

M

MPF&L+$EP(2D;B/,H1T]-'GU4%06$(



MPJC&@0.'B8K F\G^EZD2V93+?VZ'WQ\&((P@#@N
(I 3D( P'G]_BB(H7@\B

MEKZFBQ

P

M^*\TK(L
B


X3&?5






Y%UYG4!=
.I.\

I$J/S(Q'%!&1,;A@KYVJ.$8=Y-
M!X41_KO0_Y^YUB/W$WSX[M1]BJWJ8CZ982.G COV[=17ZZI?QYQ@B^

M2L
@C-(DC!-4!:-L$*2FCI5@-C.#H





M=-BLK?18G7'3I]*+ #*EB4QR@,4)BE 00#G#CW8293%V0
A)7BH!/-UU8A
M9








M

?@G/\\=YY#RO\:RO+9/]I?3ZCW=.C%]UL3B
M1 7.J]5^V2U+_FM?KNOKNEI]:9OASQ#_!/I#B/25KX*88DA07&88']$524


M1G3=MHWD :\Q3TS2=JM.




M

M@R3:;#OB*+5VVN+Q^6W720?DEUMHJ_/Y0F2UY2$'6F+;L+*Q.^^U+*?8'_0U


G/I1JNJ1K3&L+(_9#5?O ZU&;UMNS

M2FP!

F::@][DT)ZJD%
M_+CGD*D.1CBEL&?IEI=;/=YS6GLUF2@FQ#KY%%7EPTP_DUSS +'?;=%F]?\V



?$%&?!BB@:5CD($]SWT\P.!Q%




C@NM



MB.+8A\E8$9/G42!U%=4&'M

M;3K8Y;AAR&*%0A6];.N

M$#;:_)IUE+ZH8
5'IL+!^0; SH8!A7; 5ESY?H1_NJD*BJ^)7YU2+]S9
DAB

P_2%^N^,A4RQ'LG.QLV
M)G92MN[N]Q,^])JM$$(,\*XSC,@T UHYA<Q3:!/_3S-2(H/ARM% 9'4VRBV
ML1D.*AI;
5OWFKZ0
Z8\X)<@X<S

$BH2


/1S.+[
M26


MYO





G5



6*RG048(8PC'P
_

5&Q'23&H'%U/P@I6+R=SK;[=E6^%R6ZU(<\<;
M4/;MO]J6USUUI^_X\?@S7\I'_F?H1]FNCBAS%



M55TLNZ&2VJQIS



M/E.-:+1.KZE:DS=W_))KC.


M=\P&/

-99EHP_/](PV


NDP#BS2[1$O!
;O-Z(
MDV:6%R\$+^_0'L^)



M


MX;6S8P]CBO(D\L/ AP1#FL


MWY3[5;VK5J\7LQNE6DR&9V!93G%?(O@$HO?'; W?Q:@[(Z*:N7=#+W4;U1B=



RL_LT(M0[OMCTN)MH..UM.W.?PL^&7L'1XY$S
F
GU;L26N8Q_
M];VJ&7P@&JLF0L./+_^KO%VQA\F#E)  T!#%EHQ)OZ(F!4R 2N.7$:CF*O
M*9I*__Y9W2D6E=Z+)^5E*(3C409@PR?3DN^-6-^.
$$XU[7YV.R/2YO*N&
MONH$%QD*89(3FF=1FF=97(S#!BQ&3@\O$H/-$R




.#FB$8275.L 9JIDU

I:

M=[RMT (E(


D54\D:?E4D@[WO^^9


M@%



A_TBR(K4SP!(
MTXQFZ7BR3Q$JTNEBJ 6&87T\8/3*X_?;'C]O?:*IQRE3=-2Z/W1)Z]%))R)[

M4A8S2-J/&. 
YXKW0N3'

3O5;VOH4KH+Q:
M8E12/T]N4HRXAJL0WFPWY




-+)[ZPKXU-V2ST0_]P
M 23


565PPQP+&Q
MP&$C5$R(#Y)4NAX49

HS  +-!$($AA
M$@PC1@$6*Q;7
_J?KP3=USB!)J-953@2!@D4XY_1^8
MO+SV.+0/+ZB3328E)-\BHVIJ/X59

MKKD8+U.L-MO^0=-C?[&KQ^./#.W'NM9M7ZJ68[N\[O[S]E?V%W;5:A% P)86
J^DR6BGLO.5@N3LSA=++YJ
M)ONU@#R73QV(X+.9WCCP3=G($7IDW_97_UTM=]^;_VS6JWISPX#7S6I1Q#V


Z4J3
MB80U+UI/)X8Y
)CF?6^\P3BOM\Y]O]O(+:SY?[8

MG'3H(4!+ZJ'1%T()&DV#RR$,G#-]4FOVT44!2E$*PH*N(\2L*L&(=*0ER(

Y.VH[@&H





M_A)Q F

KB-

MXCVQT..\X^0BT&G4$0PU%]ZI75YGF/?4LMFCD0DOG0E*LTX*-V+3O!0\[[(S



MFDJF&^HTV8I&[Q2;JCGX
:^NJY;EEM_+/[NM$/1GO5T@W\=I'J
D 440X22
BU:KNZAR^-S]+WM - J99C!*BS0/0^QC@ 



33B(F?*U6^^5;X](D
MBB#[G\C/8QA$4K]=!P7P(4#@I:1C

%K[R(8C!]FS



M-4\;9@YMXOB\ :!
BC:14(&
V!Z7&K1I)AHETEI[=*KEL!-H%4M7SQ+P6FZJ


<L37J!,HE9AN%N
MY%!:+7JCBF$Z6^HKON=8RWO#/%Q@^Z:_6:WB!%* U(SNNX\C#/H@ ?4CN










)*22VN@#&OJE[;ZP&_ME^?+:69VC)C(.ND3.27N


MNYX!+
%_\8+FP: %SE%(0)%D14#3-
=I@*
1;9[%5%?H








3Y[T$/^

L8M_Y7_&:MX[W#9Q.O<VUQJ
GK30;/%=R0]&?4#?U


M4']JPLGMM:V39_0GL*LDYONB_56JV5$'']+)LZ?W]^IL(##R2 %@BR/#M*


W.B;LQ5=D_/

L 8
M11GQ-08+

5;.KV4F@-O!R+#MQLZL
MY3TPUVDU1^JS.!J$.0D@I&D8^P'.X(@TS'%L)$SIAVD[6+VG\VHA-\]S4JW-

M@Y\HAADYQH]I] B0ZK$G7=P#W$MI8C%#T


M1^TEWQ]V


@H!$/DYH7!  0Q+2

BD4
6V3*B;[P
=#+QS_.M&P_([HZB'=#



M3


MFWFU69C$
VIIP!-N**8)PYX_TVR*.U'E_-Z6J^JN;/^Y[:M 5]7G\J[:_E;=




S&FEW0VUTVM28W::M.^S]7QLFD8ATF2 !C
M $


9U9


\I]7 IOHWYT\;ISTM]G/EI$F$_ 8$/
M





M1]V?



ME\0Z7/
G[N.#
2EUGR4.1I/WS@




M?NLS2IY

(8



MQYT 4/\\3.8 (0-PRCBB1H*

M:0(84[I^3H
8 6ZKG9% 1$.D=(ARDB'3

/.8B5#'?F




L7H?%G
AB-=/#_WE'=HG8K#G9#8
M3&)^1*HS%^F3DI^%\^RP4P_4$4@7SJIV/I

MR8F*49K45$4PU%TI3X89
J(1YTP
B
1HTNQ0B?'P2TV-1TTGOF2/6;'//F?5


8H4#JI
MH-FT837U7=]5?%1-
[5RHGE%5M4T\S@3;)$NG!:KTX'M[UW;.8E0UH_9C]JY

M(*:

$4P2 C&E

+TU:1WAX6AQ

M




]N+%VY*GLB+;7VBYJS_=_5J6FQTI


@1OU%G#D

Z CG1






?$A=GOU[*/$8PE&





M(Z8A$RW.

'IN.U:#8^GR)QNQ\F[#MS
M#X /
S645.JAV)+\4I
SYZFF3H[4MFS=K'YT9N*LR
1:' YC-PJ2..*I+4UY




!S^O67DHH\U#  @+]!.



_]D@: DA9E*+$0V%O&[I Z7IU/19-U\P%NF:#F&AN




MS2(%NT261$XVE6:K5&NZ-Q=R



*ZD*8K]O@871(JS2Y


MZE).J)

@!2D!L;#56D5Q%HML$RU97B%Y= OIRZQ3.94
M2Z51*YT&JHE6U0K'UP.E:;9+RR9[HU;74V1)^OF#_BVCF]7M-EORC,]-(?(



^#7^;3-$'/*

61!V6U4IC%A$1U6BY;]^OFJTP.0TH
:6


@G(!*#78!I

&81C.](_(G:R!+MX#677@Q)_)U]]4[SXQ%Q*Y]-Z2


M


MXC58'S&&?


RN=#VH$24Q7G'+

76^-):EK(FK8KWJ\WLJL?YP.),CQA%:[FKGQ ?[E-3@C&Q8C5+

[*5
M=V2[?5_4O%GEM]N




;_$HXNE?@*<?9%SQ?LFO




XFW-W$
.)F=EU8G@I?[.\15F0Y=G.


M=
8'8[%'][8[#5BUVTXXY/9@X'D%IQVE.6R%F?4U(BI1F+$\E&H#:^^
TWGS






MA]
&?XI+D\B]N+UUWKK!U8(X4#JPOV'943UX SR5;TTR+!G=VSI(6E8G)S2\

M
C Q.3 V


2I8H
I.YBJYNEQ8J@42\\0*(  *!__F_

(]7'R
M:=:BAKZOKF61_KG*%EGLH17:^_S9SAKCL\5T
@OOY^\F11&&D
]I9:K4J:5[

U\LBU4=TZY!E=V*]C&;

M5L:\4O&6F[R8%ME]?-?%M5XM0@
6T:C7DT46R'Q9I(N@VO44=+SYM:L:2I3*
W%4;12N4;;6Q;E+,XP0?O:/+
MM/AP&QS78XT\5*;SQD4C?K49=<.H'(;B:<#*9K-5\)W*Y\MG*[*\Y==T#D'=
M,:E.'9TWOEJG/5ZRU8;Z;![FF/#1(]/]MW2R6 5O2RW])O^
9FMCG:
FM4

WZ?355$$':S-G8I
Z[410\!7M^LUK'8($3^L[NXF

MG5[G1?KHD69B5JNT*_'J#E45BG;5U




CH#5*N]3W&H=


MVQER]=X[

?'::M'0P
82FYY4



MW%H\WK@7GN^T457U?+A8RTTL!]TL^!S7V33ND6Q6%+/YS64^RV+VEC!H71:3
M
!9/*ZC]Y!H'%JQV=VSM#4
+GGZ9?5-7^7V




$/19$
MM]CM0S

E+ 01%U&UD0
 #K!IP!O\


MX+[H= J37I814
PPIUAPH16%P!OA2QD=:D0B6IM$S]8B7@.)VL)VC+[/OL7\
M5^WZ8$J)Q5Y9B(0


M

XQ&-R?S;;^G=I[1X:37]Y1()Y48XK1!WQ' )

H


M=8X53;0UT4XTF&

?#YQ
M 37&F! BR(808=IN@^\\EH:?/8=.5?53U[\%< =TR-Z&#]XLT[N:3OZN6&(Y
M4X'<M!B39F$@%!?2DJP;1(X.\+ E2$]_5

MA';OUP=8%N=:A))F 

P




M=#UP7_




MZ



%\5)J5G+=4\.;
[1Z,8J7X6<:

NBN4C0H??GI(Y?)1\S)91H#?SJ^QS=K6:S%[8IG[QV41A

MO[VX27U+8D-!@(!0&%E$?.$\;53G[)SV2IO@7]'V)2JQAWR;&]-M&+N]1'
2:@430) 6
MD#'!%+;,0LQI.6(CZDR34_4CBL#J@RN= -[74M]F#@^O/!+1]]USB? @S/$(
M.$(8T\ B8F$I^*NR4 S(O(
;R:U@7YOH58G8_
@W?PJK@*\F]P=#U?OXG4)
NC$IU9L.)K'KJ2 ZOB-/SM\6[&M:-N\UG04WOT^6J
MF!_)W':@3.+CO0N:$ZPE)UX*JITIVRT]/+-<C\.J/N]&*7V-EV_F<6O[0]#S
M&JJWD0O'CW\=*)4@RB#6#B)NK-% NH#@5DX,/#S;^,*A9N7V=#$PYXY.M@?+
M)=Q1)R +G1:8S$*TH*=K)B?V:#7BM:K



MG 




-Q'679AZ^]Z3
M&&RF4*0X4!21W2#T.]1EJ?F=4W((L'5-OHNX#[YRI;?GLS7RR+U=KD7E]Z
M^_%V

MSM&T]Y*$


;


=W\\(75CH!UZ78



HU+*\
N9



.=Q&&R07B;V5!C4V,N*-S'-^I;+%?9ZO4K(K85PZ=\*A54:*\MH8
M0B!&VD


6$4GIFIM*H:'FR%L;'S/#6M#UN[FI+

MO%[6!%4TB=@=X2F3D;'S5#6






MYO/B1'76JP2=-U*_4GPQK&$#GAFF)=
0)!B1\3Y

M@N:+?)9=Q0

MY'FQYE3%[N5'
RC[HLGZ@O$P.89O

MID9CS+4(7Z3%VX




XB$?:![F._/:S.V79*T@6B_AO#%=7#Y[_/%9/9K


$86D08X39F$5&
ME6X!(5 VN11JM*9S8]YT@&R?/OABLY'V9JZNK[-9-EFFBP^K3XOL*MMDI5\L
M\NGZTS!




M*'72[MP!Y P54AM+

MQCU/)]!Z[87#&F! N2(6
;:3^HS2YK0AH*?GQ9I&J?\UD^K\24IX\FEFM#

%%-)/[+)B:A[;3
_GH'=&H=
MXQ[W^





F4F#00%)//1#



/D08%BZ*-697:ROK
BT^W :@*V]-
MO%1!XKV7
NA/
9/]*
MKRKS[&G!Q!J$5<#/.2&#M8@8<^1!6G9VB]:]\:LATD/RZLUBL:K-J4VAA/F


MLM0CS^E6;H


MT^BJ^[*;IQ-LN0IU


1K#;@Q0%'GO29@$^V

+HXZE0C/PJ*[

:.2\YAZZG600
-
D('J$
MY.E(ZT_-C^9 ]Q@5O97_0S2P)\75XO?[:(J$YQF 1SE5J7RD'4J.'X*4R$





M3HPP7#O*Q58J(IUL$O


:POA?1%
MVX:Y]RKE?X

 LTEMY(I0XA2 I8QAE0@U&12K;WL\#DM/N5G0L8.P._5[-_
M-?$,!UO*<NU!
MP,MIQ7BY@<B$ 4U$:L?*/T^4^O'<R1SQXKIS818SRBQ-X:6-V?N*=4ES #&
MG$:(08B


/Z3%
;[7W G<IZ:+^^G<IX
M)W0\$,F $U8:+9PIU_68!K).0IK;S6=%YO:@7R
E[$2J1H/#^.S^




U%\+/LW1-

M*M[ %LSO]:V.X;L)'V;+0W;KL:*)(L')-$HRJCBFAE.)2^?30@Z:W.\R0L=I

;=-

M.
J[QK@/Q[CH7


MSVR
[3-RKCW4^^)BF 3*\\/3?ZZR(EW;+$&NT(F6WRYGD_DR3!!QQ_


M]ME\
I^VY!H=JS1+@A+K((AH(B+(9


M.&!AM@%]7W1[G]YOK9+Z[IT.UHV8=ACPTPDB !I%.2BYW
QC6YD/G4;?#N
MX\E[9%W;&AABD(O9E0(PZ8
$-OU4=93;7S@1;KUC )UF'!
N.=6PE-J+1K=?
0QE$C28)KB4D!K1)KWU%WLLQ_5
M3@!^&JMEY5J\&KW?(*X%I1K8+#4&C.JN5.E;!HU(E7U[9'AUUFZYM.I@%<@


V+

*TBXU1   [C@






14(E-J0E'=


#



-WIAHJY#AC@H'/6-6



MU$%(&*((P:-Q)PCS1W?:0,QA9N80B.,:!HMB9LH90R$C+M$;I-E]ET
HN;
M%[-\L2HJ)9IK6'



5AJ'



M; ]T://G1)6





@T_PJYH2XC_*]
M3^_RSY/9Q?5ODP!

M+0+U@_;)C#*W67KMOJ;351P9+ZZO@TE6?%A-@V&V#J*#=ZV*+C]+Y&I5B5)
M\!P
 IZY:3U1AL.=S
^<,CHKEY+ KQ UI)X<1E0H0- 3?#.N1TGULS^H[Z
M:]TV[PSPOH@7'8M-/YG



MM




&*H\D4=SO!F6 6)-SS;#^3=9G.'_61'@8
M7NV_BV
7N_Q=F/S[]#[NP




T[4[C98TZ$XL

MFGNWP+0R^SZN*[%&*
ZCE4



M=XSWV!AXS


M






 \F-8.$X/-#C: 6+]7S+W0;Q-=(=@4D7B
M)(AR#134!NC!07

$E*Q;?7[P%J


M&? :


0[OXT B5)9







)BGF7!/ FM!\P
M@SRVK)1&6=+KC3^O@AJMX'@B*Q;%\A$CPF]/V1 ^2G9)QC]
TWF0-W_!E'CQ


EED2_3[
@R
'PF<3@GZNJIID_K$M=_Y;-L[O5W4%M?_=
FC(-QXUV&4=$PHR$V.WX;P9N8BJ_D='(S![M-=(=D
MTK8'[$XLF\E]^,OR6TUBO51-@A&DP&!OJ19,<X^PQ1LD</C8G)E+TA(K*GM







ML%4$]LB8 GN
G)8/FCD*XCL'L;[[9Y1:





#X<-M9H+CK$P&&RUCIQ#!E?*
M4]7=2DW)H =%O$_O-P9P4

MFQB/





XDX54;*JYZ

/6



!DZNJ3_
M

M\YMY]J^];*Q5/A'(6 :X



M#CI(.8%*
:BRJFUV(NA3#2GV8
MS.$K.+N^








MJT7B8XN6/;4@ 18:*C#EPEAI*;:$V*T.//4._]CC666&/HMV':/V^@NQ[EKZ

M-P_O*YM8XHUQ




OK0&Q)B


&3V(#?-J=?KC\A

MIKE_3V=7/B_B#O)+(77MORGA
76


B4NP0MO%.0/QG=!^! #
*:5+QA]Z88(8#[H47D
E-9.&

MK[ ;M*B]$?8-N^7'Q\G71^*UTPWVUYU(2C3R3F D$$?!'K5ZLU=LN.).-/%
M:^_D]Q&3]1HXWXJJ1DCO)^M'K5/\Y?H3AJ0'S
?L!



98I0#5NJ 8^'/:Q&B
X8.E'6IGO;.YR3F.+(N:6LT\8KQ
-U@ZY T

#8RXQ$4V 
J2GR@]$TV=W[(

M6_/MH#F3%8-\ZQ!#+F%S'%)M7%:^!U*2]0K
F4


X9,IKKQ3 !H;AIQS<5##LSLR<
M'26?3CS2U55?4TAET4^3=.KA0_*L-GG&*Q#+B&Z6^U%@%(8[< GJL=.(E
M





Q?R(C._2
PTZB57Y!HKA'F 


MDD@V&WU2.RN)(]'=(.JI!T 54%60DN;LUXVP%-B;'Q]=*7;PE)*#3M8?;IYL
M]O^T^246

MV5X'D%

)_1






N)E-%GXB*:FJS:%
 T

--M;@29K)N
M?JL?*=WWG9QO9( 
J.A!!\ZNTT_D;'W 7/X- 2D#-?.0$J@I9
YK4&U7$\]E


M1[^Z^
#COVY[<P&(92[N)
M9=LC])\Q@TQC$/T%XK#17!E/%$7[_$/O&%2U@)T@\GGJ]OB^GY1/+LCZ]P@
M:##


=Z
^_O!\L

3ZPZ RC.,L):BF5W-M126.$C;GN&A$401=4*(YBAV18F<_?RJ^;J
)EIN4

KR<]*1TZ$E$#N=&OQ\4:Q,
M[-37<G5Z8OCAR1=($F$MIKC2&=F%*
'$:)$.5L'(SHY;'-:R
&O4PI\OBT6

XZQF@ #



..S;





ZH

' '5



41L-


GQ@F/G!8NI26#HJ9 +$Y=AM(ZH.TCEA





!'A@-?
-CJ02'F)!4\B9Z1E 9)C_SN









M6
KU52,GHM^TE
M@\9G54D:H6O3':%: '=PZZV)U1:'!HEN&H#$22<45A04
E(&
_)W[^\?G_G






MGQ9%JF]Q)-HSM\G 
06 .


@PT%(R22CK'Y41NMN^/!&5'R-?@5;)[$FM ;&[+F?1)
M^.^B_



M1 !U
=DU0  )2K^FRAZS4.9QA.--1AV06^
M.9SX[W+UQ_HVBO)Q57Y/FR^K6G;

3NTBE

*[#VO(+9
&X5-<8





M

MOBC0;8$@J1B*+B\!
@);.4=

TT<%]<'YO5:S<0)#0P+F5Q)D#,4LNC2UK%)S ELO(5+_;/WIR=WG6

XT

DHC
MCU%E#W$&38ZIRG\2WHY!


%E?WN\/L3^5B$4G_


M%S$&!8;*:H&IIY)I1BH=2.US+K.O?Q+2]U;O3S/06E/\9 ;?A\UML4HYDZOB
MMEBNMYL Z4!UR

M1W.&1#

YAY\7'3#L?S2VO_QYA@VEX?#NUVWC

MDJ@$2Y$4-O+$





I!\'MB *M1$0UL^A?CT%]BGEYHQ:+Y]V;

M*HRBCSRQ=-6.^%..1T
CFH?

M8U0@9+GCD@B^V_K!I;KXYVU_L


KJFR\GW D 44\6\@PSS

]@QJBZ/RC:*JG:XOT



M

MM8(


=H#!LM&/38
\/2

F(CN3TONVV$QQ1G7-Y]*Y=I-_+#S:L/_)QQ


^&@7[C8F(!P#ULAW?#AV[($K9IP)&0LA'&7Z;
MW15GXZ$;M!:4]Y1APQ7R !!HH21VCPO7 $SD8+1SUES&SA8TT1=#HY-Z7=S-

M'



MT70F D#K*]F- SEG!J.\U;I]4CP/_^T ]A%
=$_.1)Y6;VDVY1UI+L4!3?

E0K#_Y_1B0\;;)V+D.^C
)7U@GEYF!YU\/6@!&L0:4

9P\E^;#_7MKK9A'8-O

ETE1^OT'(HZZ#BK3FP

/O



MAK*:
YTF&0:@AP RNBL-13DKEY!BJ[30/;5A#X5WQ+_EE_?+6_*U=V6$?IA
M_Y?U\T%JMQ8D,5(1(K5Q1 D+185-I#2B=0-ZY@W1Q-#NM+#2$*U.LP0$48H

R4P5N4P3(V%F#ZDBT&DC@(^F@%22
M .?UON!;Q(52

) . \\U

MMZ#VUK!LN/[7NF[@4[J/]

NM3UK]'-



MEO''V-N_!G0##GVXR.@_\59 VAB-3-8&&15A![L+U-UV'!7ZR[KWF2M9X,=
M?RTH#)433C*)N5$$  1)):WD4[M@HQ6]OST6H-WF+%K;M/9UOK=\E^SQ?U.


'&2.B8$RD&?)^;J2$1M0C?C:POX3^7QW?D


=H!RXVAB=7T]3]*MOY0O)3T=5ESC
MU29($HJYIA%T=V)+AE4E10 XHDE^.:JLNP4W8RT@NO[JX8DJ?-N\!1CF6JO




M_5[9_6T;U?1Y

MTL@;$CN-M;&&5*ND 7QJ92%;U&O9+=+M

MJ_O98OV^7*^KCQLP*^





M

VK-0?Z0+^_
F
72^3CK_.OIV]K;-IH
M*@/IX]3*HVH( -0BM5^RD=.09MUJ


X

ME\+DF=['62C-5F=O=7_MA4 Q-E(J;K!1C%O!3(1Q+UWTF7.R]D?(G]9T?:P
M60ZXPU&GQJ7KK[\2B: FTQXXPQASS5;^AY Q/+)TV5\UG6=
(U=YV*_?^






M7=*O


:6M(CE%


M 
+X)H]6.%


M$PLN[H






M!GK/\ZS-M*/NF1%&BH@5I8+18 VOI(/*9^S _W&RF\U=3O:07:8\\\?8^,_
MW01KC9/1L


.A\8!  #$G%9::09A3F77
Q.Z1A
?&


C+/0P7LJVJ:6^

WG*4 F<8'


8:RQWT?VD7F.;
M5I ]?E+G
HR8U[B6XR6'$838]H+:!X@V4+KP7J@%2+
0QUP1(6NVA6(OA
MQ
K5]

FWP.V6
:\0AC+=\YUM6V9C(GAFV=97!
&T




MRR&5KN9 
 N]MYAK#[6H

M7P3J-V#KQ:T&A E A&DOL!%12=KA_4TERB ()A8NV2U3NT:_?Y;6VZFZF*:7
M-QLB

M1R]J

-%*PDM]+G&)DC# /LA'/MP]S_U)=B5J[*K\L4M1+A




MTLH[EL['=6)]6US_4I;7IRL;O_9, Y;1)E+(A&J/2'&5A(Z*]%/,$)K*_G8
M



5XOI8#(00*\



GSF[J
M-Q*LMX !+B2EU E-./1ZCX*6AN7D0HXP(+FC5:QSW'NK&/5JMS_\N8R:N9U_
MVQ<?G'T]6:ZO;AM! L!D*JNLH)#($!L-0(UU?!GLZ :D*/6UD ^]
W+H-;M


MQ\5LN5'+ZR3 M]3G)^$1O6]:'NU4C6W*L^\&!EDJM40H4=XR%W6


RCG=8/7V)'CIQ
7/!VD'%V
M15+H:&!)J8VQ&N_3@8Q0'.1X-R



MK*GU?F!6$:



MY(V 

2@8] L)PH5)5H+U\1F59XR-




M;1.


J

O









M@E!.
9+;]


^1:JV;$!*5I:Q]KX@!2

M6:M








Z\\&@R
'90: FJ=1$@[







IZICDBI)*/HJQ26)?O^DUN




T0K1RE%&%LF:YP@-Q/+*.I4[YU!WM#




@LU


MTC2.%

M/E4?]E#M%V()A*59]Q:
AT
MZ;5L']%Z+%E7-%D75__QM?S^G]M=G-5#8@JO
M?DE$X4^(LO\X_//S*ZQX_

%<8)DSQ\-&&#J 7.:
2JD2YNOJI(HSJYD&H9'-TI^7JLP#]M!-\%^



3(
$M
G&;C
*E1DXKS*WAE._W F*_F,)R&AYQ!^K-
M0+&Q=C]&@,JT=D5A3^OXY9-!,4J0DIXZ;10$4H#JM@ MI+(Y!L'(MM%:UG0V
MEHWU_:68G5;SX8$ X_2E4^'/7%5DCC=4;[OD22(]Q
*^A:UVQ3MW&^CJ$C
MRE&,! ?&6:10E1RJI5(P9^]\1-/[^+R MC3R-D[@HP?/!'1,&P\MIX(02J9
M&


*JPU;K;D)+2CMY0G\
M9?-X00^KJY








LHLR

M/^5Q5

M+(U!EHH#-9!PKM 4%_M1 U,DA?X$M#4A///T=0JA;N\Y?['Y-^+Y3X(\DAP
MQ.\/%EICZIRDW@-CK8#(:+:G#L6]EJP?QYG6J&[A





RBP15SMZ2)$2F6F+#
_








3T]6

XE$A5-)4FZ


MK453


QY'A-Z$#B''RZ@-$H+

ME??$


+8!$#AD%#=34

M#'@87#-)H7YO



3FM97F[2 B8AP::2L\3Z!;


LJS5:25^;/ZA%4#RO
M



MG




-B6
M


U<2@(ZEW4?7XC..<


M.D6PX))9)#B15N]6$6MPI







/PGV7[]G-%QG(PM\#^A





M512VSHZDJ=\0D.RK;$8]#F:_1P8L








IO+0!$L6?G):1U79[#W7^?+7Z6E1%^8$/.-I
+?[JZ?63[
MUL[9$.'\4ATM?J_PQAN#L:0(6*6



IH



M^CE0P)LA0$Q D+*%36 65!1D0/8J[A^32 ?C(59:3/]SH^

MVCIO(


3+V@

M$CN?86)\YS!I1-76L9$@39XBG$*O$6(






40\MYY57!%&1=
M<CP<RQ!)30VU;PU
M\B.QS!ORZD#;R'HTZY+7]=M&&LVLPP(##'E!F&E=\DS$%M-1G)KT9AC!]M&
MUJ-;ISROW3920&1CI(L+1Z(T3HLP_6KN2J&4:.7
5(5DGB?0+9O+^H';1EKK
M23#NF&

MO07&Z






I


Q?+7:^'JI_MD;UP<$P!C826!]([Y(5R@&*GJC4Z)-.@+<KX2YX\(BS



MJ.2%\TJ*/C
L7X

M+$VZXP9W/79YQ+/@1;AVW]\47.^CFB7;?.YA]U@VSD4 AON61T@E.JN334

\_YW8R



M ::DP 8!P3VSR%AO=@5% QVI!$E5F_*[/^D+=)UE_=9C5]Y9OPQ!2 2T *!
MNW (68NJM7#B4CKN9 B] 3!P-.NW'O6ST9TO(.M7:\$%A- I;9UQ'C*\IZS'

M(T\'SOH%1CDIK.+8(T=D.
J4KZ@&I90)


MTN:]SZ: Q%+




]NP[7!




M\
#T\Y3-MZRELH#(*


M(1U]$Y4 $S#%E
















!5



M#CAF'&6VHK @_*V
4B
J&$CO4P)#%:552A@J6XR<[7=N46ZO/R+@K@+_F:71UAO6NV

M:6H@YSQV5X





^L\Q
M 3K$? H8J\(;*6SL28?M\#*BC_\5ZO[+

MU_

MEN-J95#Q7N]*1HC.SCDRD&3^[:1Y&E&3*G\;O+Q0T-M@SFC/

MD4Z)MJUM^8T0QX-Q*A=\MX[I ]1Q@#D'O
)&V&#M D\5J*B#*1Q9:=Q
4=P*



M*)Y]()DM5].[37WWJ^7_?9C

[





M&GCBL18:!(Y4=!)2OT[O20


M(Z:\5
([79$?6N53$CCJFSJ+]60V#G1V0/M+$K7;0Z9[6;O_3J E\QAQ)0.S
M/(3
2


M&XXWM
868N
'3/7Y6&VF#=5W?1/.Z:M\?& !$98$T;A
X@3R!AI1K=@[/.Y(
^RYJM8K4%(


M(AA32LENG=(;D]2E*;^MG
K4Y++D5T4IC/Y^%YM


M4

.(RXLX H@
MI&+5++-E



MQEEA:9S/J646(;0ZIQWBU;(W%LZ^[.S(GS\5+[RR.*V!&=  ^\Q1Y*@9S&
MH#I@


I#0TRO+UL]8QMAZ0#0N;DL7=P3*%BTT80MA;37$CMM &P6B/7:&3A


KOK346*4=4AM&]71Y136G:7Y#6XKHL
M;[8Y[-.8


M4U8SHX2TW%B





MCKVFCCE\CHXKF+
$ *.M$
822R1$LEHK54G%7#.24!WP_K=Z0NU1N2]$J9NP





M


M7UB%%1526L&= $'3\
Q7:S


IA=*=H^-H=-R3)PIBE/) (.T5
M0UY2QS&HYAWL@I'$83?DU7-.-Z)9E[S^QW0^O7^X/\KM7YX))ZGTV!$L%+(0






M@&
^B%\?+(#! 'B$0U$,U02!&6U&JY(2BG?#+6;#O31
^^T&$FJYBK&7^+

M9
[:F $3ZK1O0!O
E7@;?.:-T7XF)ELNG=W#P$/LW#



MB.$R4
-)[U%%'6=94GVQUW$1T OA^_.)'F3MEW44?(R=&%!Q 8:0@FPBB
MG91DOQTU2ZOS_#K\_^U3N;_J&OM:F:QJJ/[G1A92$ H1(Y03(&'WB(@]^LU

C166


5]5/(VC+OZOFMM]VYS

3;10



/!CL*M

M&:



0F$



RFQ$%F& ;9)9C:H_+@
MBOO[

3
MH#V.+AC1&+/@VAVSB%)L:I\,)98F901D!_2V@3N1AK3.RL;[EWQ45B5^PP

-;8QI[


M SMC?749I+K#E!$
=TUJ-=;4G17*W




M+ZCBSA.BA0/0


BK&)V@
GM& 
[GH.ZK#Y8$JJ
M1(:!
T=6ZW0LDM$?)C
MLTEEZ*)]4C8VHZNO7LU/F-_/5@0@0QF!OLP+V;## GT^QDZF%2$.2]FM\E


3DP-C
P+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 

3DP-C
P+GAS9%!+
M 0(4 Q0    ( 

M86EN+3(P
3DP-C
P7V-A;YX;6Q02P$% 

M:6XM
C Q.3 V
S!?;&%B+GAM;%!+ 0(4 Q0    ( 
N'4\_LJ5FN
  OJ
MP 5                5GH! !H86EN+3(P,3DP-C,P7W!R92YX;6Q02P4&
2      8 !@* 0  )LP%
end



